2022 Annual Report
CONTENTS
2     INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEIGHTED VOTING RIGHT STRUCTURE

4     INTRODUCTION

10    FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

11    PART I

      11   Key Information

      118 Information on the Company
      192 Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
      221 Directors, Senior Management and Employees
      236 Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
      243 Financial Information
      245 The Offer and Listing
      245 Additional Information
      261 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
      262 Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
269   PART II

      269 Controls and Procedures
      270 Audit Committee Financial Expert
      270 Code of Ethics
      270 Principal Accountant Fees and Services
      271 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
      272 Corporate Governance
      272 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
273   PART III

      273 Consolidated Financial Statements
    INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEIGHTED VOTING
    RIGHT STRUCTURE

    JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) is controlled through weighted voting rights. Our share capital comprises Class A
    ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Each Class A ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise one vote
    and each Class B ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise 20 votes respectively, on any resolution tabled at our
    general meetings, except as may otherwise be provided for in our memorandum and articles of association. Save
    for the weighted voting rights attached to Class B ordinary shares, the rights attached to all classes of shares of the
    Company are identical.


    The Company’s WVR structure (has the meaning ascribed to it under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Listing Rules”)) enables the WVR beneficiary
    (has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) to exercise voting control over the Company
    notwithstanding that the WVR beneficiary does not hold a majority economic interest in the share capital of the
    Company. This will enable the Company to benefit from the continuing vision and leadership of the WVR beneficiary
    who will control the Company with a view to its long-term prospects and strategy.


    As of February 28, 2023, our WVR beneficiary, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the chairman of our Company beneficially
    owns (i) 11,487,275 American Depositary Shares (each representing two Class A ordinary shares), representing
    22,974,550 Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited, (ii) 9,200,000 Class A ordinary shares that Mr. Liu
    had the right to acquire upon exercise of options that shall have become vested within 60 days after February 28,
    2023 and (iii) 368,007,423 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited. In addition, Fortune Rising
    Holdings Limited, of which Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director, holds 18,367,300
    Class B ordinary shares as of February 28, 2023, for the purpose of transferring such shares to the plan participants
    according to our awards under our share incentive plan, and administers the awards and acts according to our
    instruction. Mr. Liu will control approximately 73.9% of the aggregate voting power of the Company, including 3.5%
    of the aggregate voting power of our Company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited as
    of February 28, 2023.


    Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof. Upon
    the conversion of all the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares, our Company
    will issue 386,374,723 Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 14.0% the total number of issued
    and outstanding Class A ordinary shares as of February 28, 2023. For further information, see “Directors, Senior
    Management and Employees — Share Ownership” in this annual report.


    Upon (i) any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of Class B ordinary shares or the voting power
    attached to Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof through voting proxy or otherwise to any person or entity that
    is not an Affiliate (as defined in our current memorandum and articles of association) of such holder, or (ii) the direct
    or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of a majority of the issued and outstanding voting securities or the
    voting power attached to such voting securities or the sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of all or substantially all
    of the assets of a holder of Class B ordinary shares that is an entity to any person or entity that is not an Affiliate of such
    holder, such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal number of Class A




2   JD.com, Inc.
                             Information about our Weighted Voting Right Structure (Continued)




ordinary shares. All Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal number of
Class A ordinary shares when (i) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu services as neither a director nor the chief executive officer
of our Company, (ii) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu ceases to be the ultimate beneficial owner of any outstanding Class B
ordinary shares, (iii) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu ceases to be the ultimate beneficial owner of Max Smart Limited or any
other entity who holds Class B ordinary shares, or (iv) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu being permanently unable to attend
board meetings and manage our business affairs as a result of incapacity solely due to his then physical and/or mental
condition (which, for avoidance of doubt, does not include any confinement against his will).


Prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with weighed voting
rights structures, in particular that interests of the WVR beneficiary may not necessarily always be aligned with those
of our shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR beneficiary will be in a position to exercise their higher voting
power to influence the affairs of our Company and the outcome of shareholders’ resolutions, irrespective of how
other shareholders vote. Prospective investors should make the decision to invest in our Company only after due and
careful consideration.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        3
    INTRODUCTION


    Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this annual report to:

    •    “ADSs” are to our American depositary shares, each of which represents two Class A ordinary shares;

    •    “annual active customer accounts” are to customer accounts that made at least one purchase during the
         twelve months ended on the respective dates, including both online retail and online marketplace;

    •    “CCASS” are to the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong Securities
         Clearing Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited;

    •    “China” or the “PRC” are to the People’s Republic of China;

    •    “Companies (WUMP) Ordinance” are to the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance
         (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended or supplemented from time to time;

    •    “CSRC” are to the China Securities Regulatory Commission;

    •    “HFCAA” are to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act;

    •    “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars” or “HK dollars” are to Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong;

    •    “Hong Kong” or “HK” or “Hong Kong S.A.R.” are to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;

    •    “Hong Kong Listing Rules” are to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
         Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time;

    •    “Hong Kong Share Registrar” are to Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited;

    •    “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” are to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;

    •    “JD Health” are to JD Health International Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of our company and the shares of
         which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 6618), and, except where the
         context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and its consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •    “JD Industrials” are to JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (formerly known as JD Industrial Technology Inc. and
         renamed as in March 2023), a consolidated subsidiary of our company and, except where the context otherwise
         requires, its subsidiaries and its consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •    “JD Logistics” are to JD Logistics, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of our company and the shares of which are
         listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2618), and, except where the context
         otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and its consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;

    •    “JD Property” are to JINGDONG Property, Inc. (formerly known as JD Property Group Corporation and renamed
         as in March 2023), a consolidated subsidiary of our company and, except where the context otherwise requires,
         its subsidiaries and its consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries;


4   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Introduction (Continued)




•    “Main Board” are to the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     which is independent from and operated in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market, or GEM, of the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange;

•    “ordinary shares” are to our Class A and Class B ordinary shares, par value US$0.00002 per share;

•    “PCAOB” are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States;

•    “SEC” are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

•    “SFC” are to the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong;

•    “SFO” are to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended or
     supplemented from time to time; and

•    “we,” “us,” “our company” or “our” are to JD.com, Inc., its subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing
     our operations and consolidated financial information, the consolidated variable interest entities and their
     subsidiaries. The consolidated variable interest entities include, among others, Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree
     E-Commerce Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-Commerce Co., Ltd., Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information
     Technology Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Investment Management Co., Ltd., and Suqian Juhe Digital
     Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. References to the consolidated variable interest entities may include their
     subsidiaries, depending on the context as appropriate. The consolidated variable interest entities are PRC
     companies conducting operations in the Chinese mainland, and their financial results have been consolidated
     into our consolidated financial statements under U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. JD.com, Inc. is a holding
     company with no operations of its own. We do not have any equity ownership in the consolidated variable
     interest entities.

Summary of Risk Factors
An investment in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares involves significant risks. Below is a summary of material
risks we face, organized under relevant headings. The operational risks associated with being based in and having
operations in the Chinese mainland also apply to operations in Hong Kong and Macau. While entities and businesses
in Hong Kong and Macau operate under different sets of laws from the Chinese mainland, the legal risks associated
with being based in and having operations in the Chinese mainland could apply to our operations in Hong Kong and
Macau, if the laws applicable to the Chinese mainland become applicable to entities and businesses in Hong Kong and
Macau in the future. These risks are discussed more fully in “Key Information — Risk Factors.”

Risks Related to Our Business
Risks and uncertainties relating to our business include, but are not limited to, the following:

•    If we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects may be
     materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are
     unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects may be materially and
     adversely affected” on page 32 for details;

•    We incurred net losses in the past and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. See “Key
     Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We incurred net losses in the past and we may not
     be able to maintain profitability in the future” on page 32 for details;


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022      5
    Introduction (Continued)




    •    If we are unable to provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially and
         adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are unable to
         provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely affected” on
         page 33 for details;

    •    Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the retail industry in China in general, and the online retail
         industry in particular, could adversely affect our revenues and business prospects. See “Key Information —
         Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the
         retail industry in China in general, and the online retail industry in particular, could adversely affect our business,
         prospects and results of operations” on page 34 for details;

    •    Any harm to our JD brand or reputation may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
         See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Any harm to our JD brand or reputation
         may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations” on page 34 for details;

    •    If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and existing customers, our business, financial
         condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors
         — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and
         existing customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
         affected” on page 35 for details;

    •    If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and effectively, our business
         prospects and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information —
         Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment
         infrastructure efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results of operations may be materially
         and adversely affected” on page 36 for details;

    •    We face intense competition. We may not be able to maintain or may lose market share and customers if we fail
         to compete effectively. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We face intense
         competition. We may not be able to maintain or may lose market share and customers if we fail to compete
         effectively” on page 38 for details;

    •    Our expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may expose us to
         new challenges and more risks. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our
         expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may expose us to new
         challenges and more risks” on page 38 for details;

    •    If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be
         materially and adversely affected. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If we
         fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially
         and adversely affected” on page 39 for details;

    •    Our business is subject to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations regarding data
         privacy and cybersecurity. Failure to protect confidential information of our customers and network against security
         breaches could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations.
         See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our business is subject to complex and
         evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity. Failure to protect
         confidential information of our customers and network against security breaches could damage our reputation and
         brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations” on page 53 for details;


6   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Introduction (Continued)




•    The approval of the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in connection with our offshore
     offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such
     approval. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — The approval of and/or filing
     with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in connection with our offshore offerings
     under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval
     or complete such filing” on page 77 for details;

•    The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work performed
     for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in
     the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections. See “Key Information — Risk Factors
     — Risks Related to Our Business — The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor
     in relation to their audit work performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct
     inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections”
     on page 79 for details; and

•    Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is
     unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the threat of
     their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. See “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States
     under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in
     China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value
     of your investment” on page 79 for details.


Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
Risks and uncertainties relating to our corporate structure include, but are not limited to, the following:

•    We are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the consolidated variable interest entities
     and we conduct certain of our operations through the consolidated variable interest entities, with which we have
     maintained contractual arrangements. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares thus are not purchasing
     equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in China but instead are purchasing equity interest
     in a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government determines that the contractual agreements that
     constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities the structure do not comply with PRC laws and
     regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be
     subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. Our holding company, the
     consolidated variable interest entities and investors of our company face uncertainty about potential future actions
     by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements with the consolidated
     variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance of the consolidated
     variable interest entities and our company as a whole. The PRC regulatory authorities could disallow the variable
     interest entities structure, which would likely result in a material adverse change in our operations, and our ADSs
     or Class A ordinary shares may decline significantly in value. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related
     to Our Corporate Structure — If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting
     part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these
     laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or
     be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations” on page 82 for details



                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022         7
    Introduction (Continued)




    •    Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their obligations under
         the contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our business. See “Key
         Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — Any failure by the consolidated variable
         interest entities or their shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual arrangements with them
         would have a material and adverse effect on our business” on page 85 for details; and

    •    The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us,
         which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. See “Key Information — Risk
         Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — The shareholders of the consolidate variable interest
         entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business
         and financial condition” on page 86 for details.

    Risks Related to Doing Business in China
    We are also subject to risks and uncertainties relating to doing business in China in general, including, but are not
    limited to, the following:

    •    PRC government has significant authority in regulating our operations and may influence our operations. It may
         exert more oversight and control over offerings conducted overseas by, and/or foreign investment in, China-based
         issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to
         investors. Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of such securities to
         significantly decline. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — The PRC
         government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material adverse change in our
         operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares” on page 96 for details;

    •    Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material
         and adverse effect on our business and operations. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing
         Business in China — Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies
         could have a material and adverse effect on our business and operations” on page 91 for details;

    •    Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us. Certain laws and
         regulations in the Chinese mainland can evolve quickly, which bring risks and uncertainties to their interpretation
         and enforcement. Administrative and court proceedings in the Chinese mainland may be protracted. Some
         government policies and internal rules may not be published on a timely manner. These risks and uncertainties
         may make it difficult for us to meet or comply with requirements under the applicable laws and regulations. See
         “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to the
         legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us” on page 91 for details;

    •    We are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business practices and
         incur increased costs. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We
         are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur
         increased costs” on page 92 for details;

    •    We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of internet-
         related business and companies. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business
         in China — We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of
         internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms” on page 92 for
         details; and

8   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Introduction (Continued)




•    The funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may
     not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the Chinese mainland due to interventions in
     or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the
     consolidated variable interest entities by the PRC government on cash transfers. Although currently there are
     not equivalent or similar restrictions or limitations in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong
     entities, if certain restrictions or limitations in the Chinese mainland were to become applicable to cash transfers
     in and out of Hong Kong entities in the future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may not be
     available to fund operations or for other use outside of Hong Kong. See “Key Information — Risk Factors —
     Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid
     by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the
     ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to
     conduct our business” on page 87 and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in
     China — Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and
     affect the value of your investment” on page 99 for details.


Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
In addition to the risks described above, we are subject to general risks relating to our ADSs and Class A ordinary
shares, including, but not limited to, the following:

•    The trading price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which
     could result in substantial losses to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. See “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — The trading price of our ADSs and
     Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses
     to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs” on page 106 for details;

•    We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed on the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A
     Ordinary Shares — We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies
     listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange” on page 107 for details;

•    We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase
     program will enhance long-term shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the
     price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves. See “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — We cannot guarantee that any share
     repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase program will enhance long-term
     shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our Class A ordinary shares
     and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves” on page 108 for details; and

•    If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
     business, the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline. See “Key
     Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — If securities or industry
     analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price
     for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline” on page 108 for details.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022         9
     FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION


     This annual report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and views of future
     events. These statements are made under the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
     Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,”
     “expect,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “is/are likely to,” “future,” “potential,”
     “continue” or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
     expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial
     condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include
     statements relating to, among other things:


     •    our goals and strategies;


     •    our future business development, financial conditions and results of operations;


     •    the expected growth of the retail and online retail markets in China;


     •    our expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our products and services;


     •    our expectations regarding our relationships with customers, suppliers and third-party merchants;


     •    our plans to invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform as well as new business initiatives;


     •    competition in our industry; and


     •    relevant government policies and regulations relating to our industry.


     We would like to caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and you should read
     these statements in conjunction with the risk factors disclosed in “Key Information — Risk Factors.” Those risks
     are not exhaustive. We operate in a rapidly evolving environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is
     impossible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
     or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ from those contained
     in any forward-looking statement. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking
     statements except as required under applicable law. You should read this annual report and the documents that we
     reference in this annual report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
     different from what we expect.


     Our reporting currency is the Renminbi, or RMB. This annual report contains translations of RMB and Hong Kong
     dollar amounts into U.S. dollars at specific rates solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise stated,
     all translations of RMB and Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars into RMB in this annual report
     were made at a rate of RMB6.8972 to US$1.00 and HK$7.8015 to US$1.00, the respective exchange rates on
     December 30, 2022 set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. We make no representation
     that any RMB, Hong Kong dollar or U.S. dollar amounts referred to in this annual report could have been, or could be,
     converted into U.S. dollars, RMB or Hong Kong dollars, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all.


10   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART I


Key Information
Our Organizational Structure
The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities as of February 28, 2023:

                                                                                  JD.com, Inc.
                                                                             (”JD”) (Cayman Islands)

                                             100%
                            Jingdong Technology Group Corporation
                                       (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                      100%              100%

                                  100%                          63%                                                                100%                     100%                        100%              100%
                                                                                 Jingdong          JD.com
                                                                               E-Commerce       E-Commerce                                             JD.com                    JD Jiankang      JD Industrial
                               JD Property                                                                                    JD.com
                                                      JD Logistics, Inc.    (Trade) Hong Kong   (Technology)                                         Investment                    Limited         Technology
                             Holding Limited                                                                               International
                                                      (Cayman Islands)            Co., Ltd.      Hong Kong                                            Limited(5)                    (British          Limited
                             (Cayman Islands)                                                                                 Limited
                                                                               (Hong Kong)        Co., Ltd.                                         (British Virgin                  Virgin       (British Virgin
                                                                                                                           (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                (Hong Kong)                                            Islands)                    Islands)          Islands)


         100%                      77%                  100%                                    100%                                       100%                                          68%              78%
                                                                                                                                          JD Sunflower
                                                       JD Logistics                                JD.com                              Investment Limited
         JD Assets              JINGDONG                                                                                                                                           JD Health
                     (1)                              Holding Limited                             Overseas                                (British Virgin                                          JINGDONG
      Holding Limited          Property, Inc.                                                                                                                                    International
                                                       (Hong Kong)                               Innovation                                  Islands)                                              Industrials,
      (Cayman Islands)       (Cayman Islands)                                                                                                                                          Inc.
                                                                                                   Limited                                                                                        Inc. (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                   (Cayman
                                                                                                (Hong Kong)                                                                                         Islands)(5)
                                                                                                                                                                                    Islands)
                                  100%
                                     JD Asia
                                  Development                                                                                              51%                            100%
                                    Limited(2)
                                  (British Virgin                                                                                     Dada Nexus Limited      2%        Windcreek Limited
                                     Islands)                                                                                          (Cayman Islands)               (British Virgin Islands)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Offshore

                100%                                     100%                  100%                                                                                                                    Onshore
                                                                                                               100%         100%
                                                                                Shanghai               Jiangsu Huiji      Beijing Jingdong
                                                      Xi’an Jingxundi         Shengdayuan
           Jingdong Logistics                                                                              Space           Century Trade
                                                       Supply Chain                                                                                       Beijing Jingdong 360
              Supply Chain                                                     Information             Technology             Co., Ltd(4)
                                                    Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                  Degree E-Commerce
                Co., Ltd.                                                      Technology                 Co., Ltd.         (“Jingdong
                                                    (”Xi’an Jingxundi”)                                                                                Co., Ltd. (”Jingdong 360”)(3)
                                                                                 Co., Ltd.                                    Century”)
                                                                               (”Shanghai
                                                                             Shengdayuan”)
                                                                                       100%
                                                                                                                            100%
                                                       Xi’an Jingdong            Suqian
                                                    Xincheng Information        Hanbang                                 • Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                     Technology Co., Ltd.      Investment            Suqian Juhe          Information
                                                       (”Xi’an Jingdong       Management           Digital Enterprise     Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                         Xincheng”)(3)           Co., Ltd.       Management Co., Ltd.   • Beijing Jingdong
                                                                                                  (“Suqian Juhe”)(3)      Shangke Information
                           100%                         100%
                                                                                                                          Technology Co., Ltd.
                      Beijing Jingdong                Beijing Jingbangda                                                • Chongqing Jingdong
                     Qianshi Technology                 Trade Co., Ltd.                                                   Haijia E-Commerce
                           Co., Ltd.                   (”Jingbangda”)                                                     Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                                                                 Bangneng Investment    • Beijing Wodong Tianjun
                                                                                                 Management Co., Ltd.     Information Technology
                                                                                                  (”Jiangsu Jingdong      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Bangneng”)(3)




                                                                                                   Jiangsu Yuanzhou
                                                                                                   E-Commerce Co.,
                                                                                                     Ltd. (”Jiangsu
                                                                                                      Yuanzhou”)(3)
                Equity interest

                Contractual arrangements




Notes:


(1)      JD Assets Holding Limited has 59 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, non-logistics properties.


(2)      JD Asia Development Limited has 418 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, logistics properties.




                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 11
     Part I (Continued)




     (3)	Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and Suqian Juhe are the significant consolidated
          variable interest entities which we have contractual arrangements with. Suqian Juhe is 45% owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, 30% owned
          by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong
          Bangneng is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is
          our chairman of board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief executive officer of JD Technology
          (formerly known as Jingdong Digits Technology Holding Co., Ltd. and renamed as Jingdong Technology Holding Co., Ltd. in May 2021), a
          significant investee of our company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.

     (4)   Jingdong Century has 259 subsidiaries that engage in retail business.

     (5)   JD.com Investment Limited has 75 subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, the companies invested by us.

     (6)	JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. completed its Series B Preference Shares financing in March 2023, upon which we held approximately 78% of the
          issued and outstanding shares of JINGDONG Industrials, Inc.

     *     The diagram above omits our equity investees that are insignificant individually and in the aggregate.


     Our Holding Company Structure and Contractual Arrangements with the Consolidated Variable
     Interest Entities
     JD.com, Inc. is not an operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the
     consolidated variable interest entities, but maintains contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest
     entities and is considered the primary beneficiary of these entities, whose financial results are consolidated in JD.com,
     Inc.’s consolidated financial statements under the U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. The contractual arrangements
     may not be as effective as direct equity ownership in the consolidated variable interest entities, and the relevant
     government authorities may challenge the enforceability of these contractual arrangements. We conduct our operations
     in the Chinese mainland through (i) our PRC subsidiaries and (ii) the consolidated variable interest entities with which
     we have maintained contractual arrangements. The laws and regulations in the Chinese mainland restrict and impose
     conditions on foreign investment in certain value-added telecommunication services and certain other restricted
     services related to our businesses, such as domestic document delivery services. Accordingly, we operate these
     businesses in the Chinese mainland through the consolidated variable interest entities, and such structure is used to
     provide investors with exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where laws and regulations in the
     Chinese mainland prohibit or restrict direct foreign investment in certain operating companies, and rely on contractual
     arrangements among our PRC subsidiaries, the consolidated variable interest entities and their shareholders to control
     the business operations of the consolidated variable interest entities. The external revenues contributed by the
     consolidated variable interest entities accounted for 5.0%, 6.2% and 6.9% of our total revenues for the years of 2020,
     2021 and 2022, respectively. As used in this annual report, “we,” “us,” “our company” and “our” refers to JD.com,
     Inc., its subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing our operations and consolidated financial information, the
     consolidated variable interest entities in China, including but not limited to Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree E-Commerce
     Co., Ltd., or Jingdong 360, which was established in April 2007 and holds our ICP license as an internet information
     provider and operates our www.jd.com website; Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-Commerce Co., Ltd., or Jiangsu Yuanzhou, which
     was established in September 2010 and primarily engages in the business of selling books, audio and video products;
     Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information Technology Co., Ltd., or Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, which was established in
     June 2017 and primarily provides technology and consulting services relating to logistics services; Jiangsu Jingdong
     Bangneng Investment Management Co., Ltd., or Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, which was established in August 2015
     and primarily engages in business of investment management; and Suqian Juhe Digital Enterprise Management Co.,
     Ltd., or Suqian Juhe, which was established in June 2020 and primarily provides enterprise management services. The
     consolidated variable interest entities are PRC companies conducting operations in the Chinese mainland, and their
     financial results have been consolidated into our consolidated financial statements under U.S. GAAP for accounting
     purposes. JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own. We do not have any equity ownership
     in the consolidated variable interest entities. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares are not purchasing
     equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland but instead are purchasing equity
     interest in a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and may never directly hold equity interests in the
     consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland.

12   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




A series of contractual agreements, including loan agreements, exclusive purchase option agreements, exclusive
technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as applicable,
intellectual property rights license agreement, equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney, business cooperation
agreement and business operations agreements, have been entered into by and among our subsidiaries, the
consolidated variable interest entities and their respective shareholders. Terms contained in each set of contractual
arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their respective shareholders are substantially
similar. As a result of the contractual arrangements, we are considered the primary beneficiary of these companies
and have consolidated the financial results of these companies in our consolidated financial statements under the
U.S. GAAP for accounting purposes. Neither JD.com, Inc. nor its investors has an equity ownership in, direct foreign
investment in, or control through such ownership or investment of, the consolidated variable interest entities,
and the contractual arrangements are not equivalent to an equity ownership in the business of the consolidated
variable interest entities. For more details of these contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company —
Organizational Structure — The Consolidated Variable Interest Entities.”

However, the contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control
over the consolidated variable interest entities and we may incur substantial costs to enforce the terms of the
arrangements. In addition, these agreements have not been tested in courts of the Chinese mainland. See “Key
Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — We rely on contractual arrangements
with the consolidated variable interest entities and their owners for a portion of our business operations, which may
not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control” and “Key Information — Risk Factors —
Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have
potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.”

Our corporate structure is subject to risks associated with the contractual arrangements with the consolidated
variable interest entities. If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of
the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and
regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to
relinquish our interests in those operations. The PRC regulatory authorities could disallow the variable interest entities
structure, which would likely result in a material adverse change in our operations, and our ADSs or Class A ordinary
shares may decline significantly in value or become worthless. Our holding company, our PRC subsidiaries and the
consolidated variable interest entities, and investors of our company face uncertainty about potential future actions
by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements with the consolidated
variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance of the consolidated variable
interest entities and our company as a whole. For a detailed description of the risks associated with our corporate
structure, please refer to risks disclosed under “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate
Structure.” Specifically, there are also substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current
and future PRC laws, regulations and rules regarding the status of the rights of our Cayman Islands holding company
with respect to its contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their shareholders.
It is uncertain whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted
or if adopted, what they would provide. If we or any of the consolidated variable interest entities is found to be in
violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits
or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such
violations or failures. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — If the
PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the consolidated variable interest
entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are
interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests
in those operations” and “— Our current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the PRC
Foreign Investment Law.”



                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022         13
     Part I (Continued)




     Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in China
     We face various risks and uncertainties related to doing business in the Chinese mainland. Our business operations
     are primarily conducted in the Chinese mainland, and we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations
     in the Chinese mainland. For example, we face risks associated with regulatory approvals on offshore offerings,
     antimonopoly regulatory actions, and oversight on cybersecurity and data privacy, as well as the lack of inspection
     by the PCAOB, on our Form 20-F auditor, which may impact our ability to conduct certain businesses, accept foreign
     investments, or list on a United States stock exchange. These risks could result in a material adverse change in our
     operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
     to continue to offer securities to investors, or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. As of the
     date of this annual report, regulatory actions related to data security or anti-monopoly concerns in Hong Kong do not
     have a material impact on our ability to conduct business, accept foreign investment in the future, continue to list
     on a United States stock exchange or maintain our listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. However, new
     regulatory actions related to data security or anti-monopoly concerns in Hong Kong may be taken in the future, and
     such regulatory actions may have a material impact on our ability to conduct business, accept foreign investment,
     continue to list on a United States stock exchange or maintain our listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
     For a detailed description of risks related to doing business in China, please refer to risks disclosed under “Key
     Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China.”

     PRC government has significant authority in regulating our operations and may influence our operations. It may exert
     more oversight and control over offerings conducted overseas by, and/or foreign investment in, China-based issuers,
     which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors.
     Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of such securities to significantly
     decline. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — The
     PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material adverse change in our
     operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.”

     Risks and uncertainties arising from the PRC legal system, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement
     of laws and quickly evolving rules and regulations in the Chinese mainland, could result in a material adverse change in
     our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. For more details, see “Key Information — Risk
     Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese
     mainland could adversely affect us” and “— We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes
     in PRC regulation of internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.”


     The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
     Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public
     accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC
     will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
     trading market in the United States. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its
     determination that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
     headquartered in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, including our Form 20-F auditor. In May 2022, the SEC
     conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of the annual report
     on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that
     vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of
     jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason,




14   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




we do not expect to be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we file annual report on
Form 20-F. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in
the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer
has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong and
we continue to use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our
financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, we would be identified as a Commission-
Identified Issuer following the filing of the annual report on Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year. There can be no
assurance that we would not be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for any future fiscal year, and if we were
so identified for two consecutive years, we would become subject to the prohibition on trading under the HFCAA. For
more details, see “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — The PCAOB had historically
been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work performed for our financial statements
and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our Form 20-F auditor in the past has deprived our investors
with the benefits of such inspections” and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business —
Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs, or the threat of their being
delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.”


Permissions Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations
We conduct our business primarily through our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. As of the date of this annual report, our
PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities have obtained the necessary licenses and permits
from the PRC government authorities, including, among others, ICP licenses, Courier Service Operation Permits and
Practicing License for Medical Institutions, except as disclosed in “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related
to Doing Business in China — We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC
regulation of internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.” Given
the uncertainties of interpretation and implementation of relevant laws and regulations and the enforcement practice
by relevant government authorities, we may be required to obtain additional licenses, permits, filings or approvals for
the our business and operations in the future.

Furthermore, in connection with our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors, under current PRC laws,
regulations and regulatory rules, as of the date of this annual report, we, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities, (i) are not required to obtain permissions from the China Securities Regulatory Commission,
or the CSRC, (ii) are not required to file an application for cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace Administration of
China, or the CAC, as advised by Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel, and (iii) have not been asked to obtain or
were denied such permissions by any PRC authority.

If (i) we do not receive or maintain any permissions or approvals, (ii) we inadvertently concluded that certain
permissions or approvals have been acquired or are not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations or interpretations
thereof change and we become subject to the requirement of additional permissions or approvals in the future, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such permissions or approvals in a timely manner, or at all, and such
approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could subject us to penalties, including fines,
suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        15
     Part I (Continued)




     However, the PRC government has promulgated certain regulations and rules to exert more oversight and control over
     offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. On February 17, 2023, the
     CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies
     and five supporting guidelines, or, collectively, the Trial Measures, which came into effect on March 31, 2023.
     According to the Trial Measures, domestic companies in the Chinese mainland that directly or indirectly offer or list
     their securities in an overseas market are required to file with the CSRC. In addition, an overseas-listed company must
     also submit the filing with respect to its follow-on offerings, issuance of convertible corporate bonds and exchangeable
     bonds, and other equivalent offering activities, within a specific time frame requested under the Trial Measures.
     Therefore, we will be required to file with the CSRC for our overseas offering of equity and equity linked securities in
     the future within the applicable scope of the Trial Measures. For more detailed information, see “Key Information —
     Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC or other PRC
     government authorities may be required in connection with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we
     cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.”

     Cash and Asset Flows through Our Organization
     JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in the Chinese mainland
     primarily through our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland. As a result,
     although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding company level, JD.com, Inc.’s ability to
     pay dividends to the shareholders and investors of the ADSs and to service any debt it may incur may depend upon
     dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries and license and service fees paid by the consolidated variable interest entities. If
     any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing such debt may restrict its
     ability to pay dividends to JD.com, Inc. In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to JD.com, Inc.
     only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
     Further, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities are required to make appropriations to
     certain statutory reserve funds or may make appropriations to certain discretionary funds, which are not distributable
     as cash dividends except in the event of a solvent liquidation of the companies. For more details, see “Operating and
     Financial Review and Prospects — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Holding Company Structure.”

     Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to distribute dividends subject to our current memorandum
     and articles of association and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our shareholders may,
     by ordinary resolution, declare dividends, but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by our board of
     directors. Under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out of either profit or share
     premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in the company being
     unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. See “ Financial Information — Consolidated
     Statements and Other Financial Information — Dividend Policy” for details.

     As a Cayman Islands exempted company and offshore holding company, we are permitted under PRC laws and
     regulations to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland only through
     loans or capital contributions, subject to the approval of government authorities and limits on the amount of capital
     contributions and loans. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may provide
     RMB funding to their respective subsidiaries only through capital contributions and entrusted loans, and to the
     consolidated variable interest entities only through entrusted loans. See “Introduction — Summary of Risk Factors —
     Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure,” “Operating and Financial Review — Liquidity and Capital Resources”
     and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — PRC regulation of loans to and
     direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion
     may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities or
     making additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which could
     materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.”

16   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                      Part I (Continued)




Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities are subject to
certain restrictions with respect to paying dividends or otherwise transferring any of their net assets to us. Remittance of
dividends by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise out of the Chinese mainland is also subject to examination by the banks
designated by State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. The amounts restricted include the paid-in capital
and the statutory reserve funds of our PRC subsidiaries and the net assets of the consolidated variable interest entities
in which we have no legal ownership, totaling RMB28.9 billion, RMB46.4 billion and RMB58.2 billion (US$8.4 billion) as
of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Furthermore, cash transfers from our PRC subsidiaries and the
consolidated variable interest entities to entities outside of the Chinese mainland are subject to PRC governmental control
on currency conversion. As a result, the funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated variable interest entities in
the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the Chinese mainland due to
interventions in, or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on, the ability of our holding company, our subsidiaries,
or the consolidated variable interest entities by the PRC government on such currency conversion. As of the date of this
annual report, there are not equivalent or similar restrictions or limitations in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our
Hong Kong entities. However, if certain restrictions or limitations were to become applicable to cash transfers in and out of
Hong Kong entities in the future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities may not be available to fund operations or for other
use outside of Hong Kong. For risks relating to the fund flows of our operations in China, see “Key Information — Risk
Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid
by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our
PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.”
and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China — Governmental control of currency
conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment.”

Under PRC law, JD.com, Inc. may provide funding to our PRC subsidiaries only through capital contributions or
loans, and to the PRC consolidated variable interest entities only through loans, subject to satisfaction of applicable
government registration that we are not able to make direct capital contribution.

Our company has established a centralized cash management policy to direct how funds are transferred between
JD.com, Inc., our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries to improve the
efficiency and ensure the security of cash management. Our management has established a series of manuals
and policies on funds management, bank accounts management, financing activities and safe handling of cash and
assets, which apply to all of our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries. We
and our consolidated subsidiaries that are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange have also established respective
centralized cash management accounts within certain entities, under which funds are transferred and dispatched to
each subsidiary or consolidated variable interest entity under central command. The major offshore entities outside
of the Chinese mainland with the function of centralized cash management are JD.com, Inc. (our holding company),
JD.com International Limited (our intermediate holding company), JD Logistics, Inc., and JD Health International Inc.
(both of which are our subsidiaries). In addition, the major entities within the Chinese mainland with similar functions
are Beijing Jingdong Century Trade Co., Ltd. (a primary beneficiary of the consolidated variable interest entities),
Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd. (a consolidated variable interest entity), and Beijing Jingdong Jiankang Co., Ltd.
(a primary beneficiary of the consolidated variable interest entities). The centralized cash management function in
these entities lead to high-volume and high-frequency cash transferred and dispatched to the remaining consolidated
subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities. We have complied with the applicable laws and regulations
for the operation of such cash centralized management accounts and completed necessary registration and approval
procedures with relevant governmental authorities. Every fund transfer within our group goes through an appropriate
review and approval process depending on the nature and amount of the transfer under our cash management policy.


                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022          17
     Part I (Continued)




     For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, JD.com, Inc. provided loans of RMB13.4 billion and
     RMB20.9 billion to, and received repayment of RMB7.4 billion (US$1.1 billion) from, our intermediate holding
     companies through our day-to-day centralized cash management activities. Please refer to the line item “Loans
     (provided to)/settled by internal companies” in the “Parent” column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related
     to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities — Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the
     years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 on pages 29–31 for the detail figures.

     Our day-to-day centralized cash management activities also cover the cash flow of the consolidated variable interest
     entities. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, the consolidated variable interest entities received
     funding by (i) loans from our intermediate holding companies and (ii) capital contribution in the form of loans
     from our intermediate holding companies to nominee shareholders, totaling RMB3.4 billion and RMB11.7 billion,
     respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the consolidated variable interest entities repaid RMB3.2 billion
     (US$0.5 billion) to our intermediate holding companies. Please refer to the sum of line item “Capital injection from
     controlling shareholders” and line item “Net proceeds from/(repayment to) internal companies” in the “Consolidated
     Variable Interest Entities” column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related to the Consolidated Variable
     Interest Entities — Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the years ended December 31,
     2020, 2021 and 2022 on pages 29–31 for the detail figures. The consolidated variable interest entities received
     repayment of loans of RMB0.3 billion, RMB1.1 billion from, and provided funding of RMB11.3 billion (US$1.6 billion)
     to, our intermediate holding companies for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Please
     refer to the line item “Loans (provided to)/settled by internal companies” in the “Consolidated Variable Interest
     Entities” column of the tables titled “Financial Information Related to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities —
     Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information” for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
     on pages 29-31 for the detail figures.

     In May 2022, our board of directors approved a special cash dividend of US$0.63 per ordinary share, or US$1.26 per
     ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs, respectively. The aggregate amount of the special dividend
     was approximately US$2.0 billion. In March 2023, our board of directors approved a cash dividend of US$0.31 per
     ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs. The aggregate amount of the
     cash dividend was approximately US$1.0 billion. In addition, we plan to adopt an annual dividend policy, under which
     we may choose to declare and distribute a cash dividend each year, at an amount determined in relation to our financial
     performance in the previous fiscal year, among other factors. The determination to make dividend distributions in
     any particular year will be made at the discretion of our board of directors based upon factors such as our results of
     operations, cash flow, financial condition, capital requirements and other considerations that the board deems relevant.
     See “Financial Information — Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information — Dividend Policy.” For PRC
     and United States federal income tax considerations of an investment in our ADSs, see “Additional Information —
     Taxation.”


     A.   Selected Financial Data
          The following table presents the selected consolidated financial information of our company. The selected
          consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, selected
          consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, selected consolidated cash flow data for
          the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial
          statements, which are included in this annual report.




18   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                      Part I (Continued)




The selected consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
selected consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020 and selected consolidated
cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 have been derived from our audited
consolidated financial statements not included in this annual report. Our historical results do not necessarily
indicate results expected for any future periods. The selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, our audited consolidated financial statements
and related notes and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” below. Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

                                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                             2018          2019              2020            2021                   2022
                                                             RMB           RMB               RMB             RMB              RMB              US$
                                                                      (in millions, except for share, per share and per ADS data)

Selected Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:
Net Revenues(1):
Net product revenues                                      416,109       510,734           651,879         815,655           865,062        125,422
Net service revenues                                       45,911        66,154            93,923         135,937           181,174         26,268

Total net revenues                                        462,020       576,888           745,802         951,592         1,046,236        151,690

Cost of revenues                                          (396,066)     (492,467)         (636,694)       (822,526)        (899,163)       (130,366)
Fulfillment                                                (32,010)      (36,968)          (48,700)        (59,055)         (63,011)         (9,136)
Marketing                                                  (19,237)      (22,234)          (27,156)        (38,743)         (37,772)         (5,476)
Research and development                                   (12,144)      (14,619)          (16,149)        (16,332)         (16,893)         (2,449)
General and administrative                                  (5,160)       (5,490)           (6,409)        (11,562)         (11,053)         (1,603)
Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets                   (22)           —                 —               —                   —            —
Gain on sale of development properties                          —          3,885             1,649             767            1,379            200

Income/(loss) from operations(2)(3)                         (2,619)        8,995           12,343            4,141           19,723           2,860

Other income/(expense):
Share of results of equity investees                        (1,113)       (1,738)            4,291          (4,918)          (2,195)           (318)
Interest expense                                              (855)         (725)           (1,125)         (1,213)          (2,106)           (305)
Others, net(4)                                               2,213         7,161           35,310             (590)          (1,555)           (225)

Income/(loss) before tax                                    (2,374)      13,693            50,819           (2,580)          13,867           2,012
Income tax expenses                                           (427)       (1,803)           (1,482)         (1,887)          (4,176)           (605)

Net income/(loss)                                           (2,801)      11,890            49,337           (4,467)           9,691           1,407
Net loss attributable to non-controlling
 interests shareholders                                       (311)         (297)              (75)           (923)            (697)           (101)
Net income attributable to mezzanine equity classified
 as non-controlling interests shareholders                       2             3                 7              16                  8             1

Net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders     (2,492)      12,184            49,405           (3,560)          10,380           1,507



                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022               19
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2018                2019              2020                2021                  2022
                                                                                        RMB                 RMB               RMB                 RMB                RMB               US$
                                                                                                    (in millions, except for share, per share and per ADS data)

          Net income/(loss) per share
          Basic
          Net income/(loss) per share                                                   (0.87)              4.18             16.35                (1.15)             3.32               0.48
          Diluted
          Net income/(loss) per share                                                   (0.87)              4.11             15.84                (1.15)             3.21               0.47
          Net income/(loss) per ADS      (5)


          Basic
          Net income/(loss) per ADS                                                     (1.73)              8.37             32.70                (2.29)             6.64               0.96
          Diluted
          Net income/(loss) per ADS                                                     (1.73)              8.21             31.68                (2.29)             6.42               0.93
          Weighted average number of shares:
          Basic                                                                 2,877,902,678    2,912,637,241        3,021,808,985     3,107,436,665 3,125,571,110            3,125,571,110
          Diluted                                                               2,877,902,678    2,967,321,803        3,109,024,030     3,107,436,665 3,180,886,136            3,180,886,136



          (1)       Our net revenues include net product revenues and net service revenues. Product sales is further divided into sales of electronics and
                    home appliances products and sales of general merchandise products. Net revenues from electronics and home appliances products
                    include revenues from sales of computer, communication and consumer electronics products as well as home appliances. Net revenues
                    from general merchandise products mainly include revenues from sales of food, beverage and fresh produce, baby and maternity
                    products, furniture and household goods, cosmetics and other personal care items, pharmaceutical and healthcare products, industrial
                    products, books, automobile accessories, apparel and footwear, bags and jewelry. Net service revenues are further divided into revenues
                    from online marketplace and marketing and revenues from logistics and other services. The following table breaks down our total net
                    revenues by these categories, by amounts and as percentages of total net revenues:


                                                                                                          For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                 2018                    2019                      2020                    2021                             2022

                                                             RMB           %         RMB            %         RMB            %         RMB            %      RMB              US$         %

                                                                                                         (in millions, except for percentages)

                    Electronics and home appliances
                      revenues                             280,059       60.6      328,703        57.0     400,927         53.8    492,592          51.8   515,945          74,805      49.3

                    General merchandise revenues           136,050       29.5      182,031        31.5     250,952         33.6    323,063          33.9   349,117          50,617      33.4

                    Net product revenues                   416,109       90.1      510,734        88.5     651,879         87.4    815,655          85.7   865,062     125,422          82.7

                    Marketplace and marketing
                      revenues                              33,532        7.2       42,680         7.4      53,473          7.2       72,118         7.6    81,970          11,885       7.8

                    Logistics and other service revenues    12,379        2.7       23,474         4.1      40,450          5.4       63,819         6.7    99,204          14,383       9.5

                    Net service revenues                    45,911        9.9       66,154        11.5      93,923         12.6    135,937          14.3   181,174          26,268      17.3

                    Total net revenues                     462,020      100.0      576,888       100.0     745,802        100.0    951,592        100.0 1,046,236      151,690         100.0




20   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                      Part I (Continued)




(2)   Includes share-based compensation expenses as follows:


                                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                             2018           2019            2020             2021              2022

                                                             RMB            RMB            RMB               RMB          RMB             US$

                                                                                            (in millions)

      Cost of revenues                                         (72)           (82)           (98)            (102)         (143)           (21)

      Fulfillment                                             (419)          (440)          (646)            (882)         (930)          (135)

      Marketing                                               (190)          (259)          (347)            (586)         (631)           (91)

      Research and development                              (1,163)        (1,340)        (1,400)           (1,781)      (1,557)          (226)

      General and administrative                            (1,816)        (1,574)        (1,665)           (5,783)      (4,287)          (622)




(3)   Includes amortization of business cooperation arrangement and intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions as follows:


                                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                             2018           2019            2020             2021              2022

                                                             RMB            RMB            RMB               RMB          RMB             US$

                                                                                            (in millions)


      Fulfillment                                             (168)          (165)          (193)            (220)         (392)           (57)

      Marketing                                             (1,232)          (637)          (692)            (854)         (868)          (126)

      Research and development                                 (98)           (99)           (99)            (104)         (271)           (39)

      General and administrative                              (308)          (308)          (309)            (309)         (161)           (22)




(4)   Interest income was included in Others, net since 2021, and the presentation of prior years was also updated to conform to current
      presentation.


(5)   Each ADS represents two Class A ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022            21
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                                           For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2018          2019           2020           2021               2022

                                                                         RMB           RMB            RMB            RMB            RMB          US$

                                                                                           (in millions, except for share data)


                Selected Consolidated Balance Sheets Data:

                Cash and cash equivalents                              34,262        36,971         86,085          70,767         78,861      11,434

                Restricted cash                                         3,240         2,941          4,434           5,926          6,254        907

                Short-term investments                                  2,036        24,603         60,577        114,564         141,095      20,457

                Accounts receivable, net                               11,110         6,191          7,112          11,900         20,576       2,983

                Inventories, net                                       44,030        57,932         58,933          75,601         77,949      11,302

                Property, equipment and software, net                  21,083        20,654         22,597          32,944         55,080       7,986

                Land use rights, net                                   10,476        10,892         11,125          14,328         33,848       4,907

                Operating lease right-of-use assets                        —          8,644         15,484          19,987         22,267       3,228

                Investment in equity investees                         31,357        35,576         58,501          63,222         57,641       8,357

                Investment securities                                  15,902        21,417         39,085          19,088         11,611       1,683

                Other non-current assets                                5,284         6,806         13,316          21,804         18,770       2,722

                Total assets                                          209,165       259,724        422,288        496,507         595,250      86,303

                Short-term debts                                          147            —              —            4,368         12,146       1,761

                Accounts payable                                       79,985        90,428        106,818        140,484         160,607      23,286

                Accrued expenses and other current liabilities         20,293        24,656         30,035          34,468         42,570       6,172

                Non-recourse securitization debt                        4,398            —              —               —              —           —

                Unsecured senior notes                                  6,786         6,912         12,854           9,386         10,224       1,482

                Long-term borrowings                                    3,088         3,139          2,936              —          20,009       2,901

                Operating lease liabilities                                —          8,717         15,763          20,386         22,666       3,287

                Total liabilities                                     132,337       159,099        200,669        249,723         321,127      46,558

                Total mezzanine equity                                 15,961        15,964         17,133           1,212           590          86

                Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                59,771        81,856        187,543        208,911         213,366      30,936

                Number of outstanding ordinary shares            2,894,296,355 2,924,315,263 3,103,499,039 3,110,791,649 3,135,679,247 3,135,679,247




22   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




                                                                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                             2018       2019              2020               2021              2022

                                                                                             RMB        RMB              RMB                 RMB        RMB             US$

                                                                                                                           (in millions)


Selected Consolidated Cash Flows Data:

Net cash provided by operating activities                                                  20,881     24,781            42,544             42,301     57,819           8,383

Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (26,079)   (25,349)         (57,811)            (74,248)   (54,026)        (7,833)

Net cash provided by financing activities                                                  11,220      2,572            71,072             19,503      1,180            171

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash               1,682        406            (5,082)             (1,498)    3,490            506

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                       7,704      2,410            50,723             (13,942)    8,463           1,227

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within assets held for sale                                  29,798     37,502            39,912             90,635     76,693          11,119

Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash classified within assets held for
  sale at beginning of year                                                                     —          —                —                 116          —              —

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year                           29,798     37,502            39,912             90,519     76,693          11,119

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within assets held for sale                                  37,502     39,912            90,635             76,693     85,156          12,346

Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash classified within assets held for sale
  at end of year                                                                                —          —               116                  —         41               5

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year                                  37,502     39,912            90,519             76,693     85,115          12,341




                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022               23
     Part I (Continued)




     Financial Information Related to the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
     The following table presents the condensed consolidating schedule of financial position for the consolidated variable
     interest entities and their subsidiaries (collectively, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities or VIEs) and other entities
     as of the dates presented.


     Selected Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Information

                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

                                                                                 Primary
                                                                          Beneficiaries of
                                                                            Consolidated     Consolidated
                                                                                 Variable        Variable
                                                                Other            Interest        Interest                       Consolidated
                                                Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities         Entities      Eliminations           Total

                                                                                  (RMB in millions)


     Net revenues                                   —       1,074,639            719,883          134,516           (882,802)      1,046,236

       Third-party revenues                         —         967,244               6,326             72,666              —        1,046,236

       Inter-company revenues                       —         107,395            713,557              61,850        (882,802)             —

     Cost of revenues                               —        (905,349)           (664,233)       (119,868)          790,287         (899,163)

     Fulfillment                                    —          (92,643)           (13,890)            (4,229)        47,751          (63,011)

     Marketing                                      (2)        (31,312)           (24,083)            (3,622)        21,247          (37,772)

     Research and development                       —          (18,184)           (16,688)            (5,370)        23,349          (16,893)

     General and administrative                   (331)         (3,640)            (4,347)            (2,903)           168          (11,053)

     Gain on sale of development properties         —           1,379                  —                  —               —            1,379

     Income/(loss) from operations                (333)        24,890              (3,358)            (1,476)             —           19,723

     Income from subsidiaries and VIEs          10,667            502              17,785                 —          (28,954)             —

     Other income/(expense), net                    48         (11,491)             3,599              2,780            (792)         (5,856)

     Income before tax                          10,382         13,901              18,026              1,304         (29,746)         13,867

     Income tax expenses                            (2)         (4,097)                90               (167)             —           (4,176)

     Net income                                 10,380          9,804              18,116              1,137         (29,746)          9,691




24   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




                                                                For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

                                                                            Primary
                                                                    Beneficiaries of
                                                                      Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                           Variable          Variable
                                                           Other            Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                           Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                             (RMB in millions)


Net revenues                                   —        984,998            676,041           117,419           (826,866)       951,592

  Third-party revenues                         —        887,340               5,128              59,124              —         951,592

  Inter-company revenues                       —          97,658           670,913               58,295        (826,866)             —

Cost of revenues                               —        (837,268)          (621,811)        (104,564)          741,117        (822,526)

Fulfillment                                    —         (80,833)           (18,225)              (4,657)        44,660         (59,055)

Marketing                                      (4)       (32,954)           (23,997)              (3,108)        21,320         (38,743)

Research and development                       —         (17,155)           (13,473)              (5,420)        19,716         (16,332)

General and administrative                  (465)         (6,282)            (2,511)              (2,357)            53         (11,562)

Gain on sale of development properties         —             767                 —                    —              —             767

Income/(loss) from operations               (469)         11,273             (3,976)              (2,687)            —           4,141

Income/(loss) from subsidiaries and VIEs   (2,708)        (4,774)           12,037                    —          (4,555)             —

Other income/(expense), net                 (376)         (8,555)             2,558                 (348)            —           (6,721)

Income/(loss) before tax                   (3,553)        (2,056)           10,619                (3,035)        (4,555)         (2,580)

Income tax expenses                            (7)        (1,716)              (130)                 (34)            —           (1,887)

Net income/(loss)                          (3,560)        (3,772)           10,489                (3,069)        (4,555)         (4,467)




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022          25
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31, 2020

                                                                                 Primary
                                                                         Beneficiaries of
                                                                           Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                Variable          Variable
                                                                Other            Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                                  (RMB in millions)


     Net revenues                                   —        779,945            531,008               86,054        (651,205)       745,802

       Third-party revenues                         —        703,609               5,217              36,976              —         745,802

       Inter-company revenues                       —          76,336           525,791               49,078        (651,205)             —

     Cost of revenues                               —        (651,698)          (494,496)             (74,425)      583,925        (636,694)

     Fulfillment                                    —         (73,354)            (5,492)              (2,949)        33,095         (48,700)

     Marketing                                     (11)       (22,069)           (12,375)              (1,886)         9,185         (27,156)

     Research and development                       —         (17,085)           (18,111)              (5,265)        24,312         (16,149)

     General and administrative                   (453)        (1,963)            (3,058)              (1,623)           688          (6,409)

     Gain on sale of development properties         —           1,649                 —                    —              —           1,649

     Income/(loss) from operations                (464)        15,425             (2,524)                 (94)            —          12,343


     Income/(loss) from subsidiaries and VIEs   50,154           (932)           17,483                    —         (66,705)             —

     Other income/(expense), net                  (266)        36,773              2,245                 (276)            —          38,476

     Income/(loss) before tax                   49,424         51,266            17,204                  (370)       (66,705)        50,819

     Income tax expenses                           (19)        (1,308)              (103)                 (52)            —           (1,482)

     Net income/(loss)                          49,405         49,958            17,101                  (422)       (66,705)        49,337




26   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Selected Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Information

                                                                       As of December 31, 2022

                                                                          Primary
                                                                   Beneficiaries of
                                                                    Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                          Variable        Variable
                                                          Other           Interest        Interest                      Consolidated
                                          Parent    Subsidiaries          Entities         Entities     Eliminations           Total

                                                                           (RMB in millions)


Assets

Cash and cash equivalents                   5,029        38,158             30,534              5,140             —           78,861

Restricted cash                                —          1,922              4,282                50              —            6,254

Short-term investments                         —         43,264             96,270              1,561             —          141,095

Accounts receivable, net                       —         15,530                271              4,775             —           20,576

Inventories, net                               —         28,004             45,783              4,162             —           77,949

Internal balance                           63,708        79,466             32,310              4,543       (180,027)             —

Investment in equity investees                 —         35,857              4,454             18,111           (781)         57,641

Investments in subsidiaries and
  consolidated VIEs                       162,015        26,109             56,680                 —        (244,804)             —

Investment securities                          —          7,952                852              2,807             —           11,611

Property, equipment and software, net          —         43,576              2,012              9,492             —           55,080

Operating lease right-of-use assets            —          8,508              2,049             13,809         (2,099)         22,267

Prepayments and other assets                 308         95,209             14,810             13,712           (123)        123,916

Total assets                              231,060       423,555           290,307              78,162       (427,834)        595,250

Liabilities

Short-term debts                               —         10,282              1,730               134              —           12,146

Accounts payable                               —         51,536             99,374              9,697             —          160,607

Internal balance                               —         68,251             78,686             33,038       (179,975)             —

Operating lease liabilities                    —          8,508              2,094             14,215         (2,151)         22,666

Unsecured senior notes                     10,347            —                  —                  —            (123)         10,224

Long-term borrowings                        6,965        10,644                 —               2,400             —           20,009

Accrued expenses and other liabilities       382         62,885             17,139             15,069             —           95,475

Total liabilities                          17,694       212,106           199,023              74,553       (182,249)        321,127

Convertible redeemable non-controlling
  interests                                    —            590                 —                  —              —             590

Total shareholders’ equity                213,366       210,859             91,284              3,609       (245,585)        273,533

Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
  shareholders’ equity                    231,060       423,555           290,307              78,162       (427,834)        595,250




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          27
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                            As of December 31, 2021

                                                                                Primary
                                                                        Beneficiaries of
                                                                          Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                               Variable          Variable
                                                               Other            Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                Parent   Subsidiaries           Entities             Entities   Eliminations          Total

                                                                                 (RMB in millions)


     Assets

     Cash and cash equivalents                   7,417        42,170            15,629                 5,551             —          70,767

     Restricted cash                                —          1,959              3,958                    9             —           5,926

     Short-term investments                         1         44,296            64,541                 5,726             —         114,564

     Accounts receivable, net                       —          5,242              2,359                4,299             —          11,900

     Inventories, net                               —         23,491            48,274                 3,836             —          75,601

     Internal balance                           65,120        65,281            38,253                    —        (168,654)            —

     Investment in equity investees                 —         40,319                156              22,747              —          63,222

     Investments in subsidiaries and
       consolidated VIEs                       148,607        17,791            44,867                    —        (211,265)            —

     Investment securities                          —         14,855              1,026                3,207             —          19,088

     Property, equipment and software, net          —         22,484              1,892                8,568             —          32,944

     Operating lease right-of-use assets            —          7,892                 30              14,472          (2,407)        19,987

     Prepayments and other assets                 419         44,328            26,113               11,723             (75)        82,508

     Total assets                              221,564      330,108            247,098               80,138        (382,401)       496,507

     Liabilities

     Short-term debts                            2,869            —               1,499                   —              —           4,368

     Accounts payable                               —         28,745           103,893                 7,846             —         140,484

     Internal balance                               —         65,120            60,783               42,787        (168,690)            —

     Operating lease liabilities                    —          8,024                 10              14,785          (2,433)        20,386

     Unsecured senior notes                      9,461            —                  —                    —             (75)         9,386

     Accrued expenses and other liabilities       323         42,943            19,393               12,440              —          75,099

     Total liabilities                          12,653      144,832            185,578               77,858        (171,198)       249,723

     Convertible redeemable non-controlling
       interests                                    —            467                 —                   745             —           1,212

     Total shareholders’ equity                208,911      184,809             61,520                 1,535       (211,203)       245,572

     Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
       shareholders’ equity                    221,564      330,108            247,098               80,138        (382,401)       496,507




28   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




Selected Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows Information

                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
                                                                            Primary
                                                                     Beneficiaries of
                                                                      Consolidated       Consolidated
                                                                           Variable          Variable
                                                              Other         Interest         Interest                       Consolidated
                                             Parent     Subsidiaries        Entities         Entities       Eliminations           Total
                                                                              (RMB in millions)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 operating activities                          (509)       (168,260)         246,606              5,434          (25,452)         57,819

Cash flows from investing activities
(Increase)/decrease in short-term
   investments, net                                1           6,383         (25,800)             4,218               —          (15,198)
Prepayments and investments in
  equity investees                                —           (6,313)          (4,344)             (305)           6,461          (4,501)
Loans (provide to)/settled by internal
  companies                                   7,426         200,620            3,205          (11,291)          (199,960)             —
Cash paid for property, equipment,
  software and construction in progress           —          (12,820)           (142)             (4,705)             —          (17,667)
Other investing activities                        —          (18,025)           (292)             7,585           (5,928)        (16,660)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 investing activities                         7,427         169,845          (27,373)             (4,498)       (199,427)        (54,026)

Cash flows from financing activities
Capital injection from non-controlling
  interest shareholders                           —            7,870               —                150               —            8,020
Increase in borrowings, net                   3,558            5,478             300              2,534               —           11,870
Net proceeds from/(repayment to)
 internal companies                               —            3,865        (200,620)             (3,205)       199,960               —
Dividend paid to shareholders of
  JD.com, Inc.                               (13,087)             —                —                  —               —          (13,087)
Other financing activities                     (780)         (25,293)          (3,684)             (785)         24,919           (5,623)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 financing activities                        (10,309)         (8,080)       (204,004)             (1,306)       224,879            1,180

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash        1,003            2,487               —                  —               —            3,490
Net increase/(decrease) in cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash         (2,388)         (4,008)         15,229               (370)              —            8,463
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at beginning of year                        7,417          44,129           19,587              5,560               —           76,693
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at end of year, including cash and
  cash equivalents classified within
  assets held for sale                        5,029          40,121           34,816              5,190               —           85,156
Less: cash, cash equivalents and
  restricted cash classified within
  assets held for sale at end of year             —              41                —                  —               —              41

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at end of year                         5,029          40,080           34,816              5,190               —           85,115




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022           29
     Part I (Continued)




                                                                           For the Year Ended December 31, 2021
                                                                                       Primary
                                                                               Beneficiaries of
                                                                                 Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                      Variable         Variable
                                                                      Other           Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                      Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities        Entities       Eliminations           Total
                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

     Net cash provided by/(used in)
      operating activities                             (411)         64,468            (23,349)              1,593             —           42,301

     Cash flows from investing activities
     (Increase)/decrease in short-term
        investments, net                              3,357         (27,948)           (28,500)             (1,231)            —          (54,322)
     Prepayments and investments in
       equity investees                                   —          (6,356)                —               (5,220)            —          (11,576)
     Loans (provided to)/settled by
       internal companies                            (20,900)       (72,034)              (873)              1,122         92,685              —
     Cash paid for property, equipment,
       software and construction in progress              —          (8,900)              (948)             (4,582)            —          (14,430)
     Other investing activities                       3,147           1,157                368                (178)         1,586           6,080

     Net cash used in investing activities           (14,396)      (114,081)           (29,953)         (10,089)           94,271         (74,248)

     Cash flows from financing activities
     Capital injection from non-controlling
       interest shareholders                              —          27,600                 —                  62              —           27,662
     Increase/(decrease) in short-term
       borrowings, net                                    —            (249)             1,500                (100)            —            1,151
     Net proceeds from internal companies                 —          19,778            61,190               11,717        (92,685)             —
     Repayment of unsecured senior notes              (3,246)            —                  —                                  —           (3,246)
     Other financing activities                          62          (4,472)                —                  (68)        (1,586)         (6,064)

     Net cash provided by/(used in)
      financing activities                            (3,184)        42,657            62,690               11,611        (94,271)         19,503

     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
       cash equivalents and restricted cash             (136)        (1,362)                —                   —              —           (1,498)
     Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
      equivalents and restricted cash                (18,127)        (8,318)             9,388               3,115             —          (13,942)
     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
       at beginning of year, including cash and
       cash equivalents classified within
       assets held for sale                          25,544          52,447            10,199                2,445             —           90,635
     Less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted
       cash classified within assets held for sale
       at beginning of year                               —             116                 —                   —              —              116
     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
       cash at beginning of year                     25,544          52,331            10,199                2,445             —           90,519

     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
       cash at end of year                            7,417          44,129            19,587                5,560             —           76,693




30   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                   Part I (Continued)




                                                                       For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
                                                                                   Primary
                                                                           Beneficiaries of
                                                                             Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                  Variable         Variable
                                                                  Other           Interest         Interest                      Consolidated
                                                  Parent    Subsidiaries           Entities        Entities       Eliminations           Total
                                                                                    (RMB in millions)

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 operating activities                              (243)         49,456            (16,581)             9,912              —           42,544

Cash flows from investing activities
Increase in short-term investments, net           (3,421)       (15,560)           (14,933)             (1,685)            —          (35,599)
Investment in subsidiaries                            —              —              (2,795)                 —           2,795              —
Prepayments and investments in
  equity investees                                    —         (12,317)                —               (4,622)            —          (16,939)
Loans (provided to)/settled by
  internal companies                             (13,421)       (41,588)            (1,924)               306          56,627              —
Cash paid for property, equipment,
  software and construction in progress               —          (6,293)            (1,184)             (3,442)            —          (10,919)
Other investing activities                           40          11,161             (3,945)             (1,610)            —            5,646

Net cash used in investing activities            (16,802)       (64,597)           (24,781)         (11,053)           59,422         (57,811)

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares        31,342              —                  —                   —              —           31,342
Capital injection from controlling shareholder        —             795                 —               2,000          (2,795)             —
Capital injection from non-controlling
  interest shareholders                               —          34,564                 —                  15              —           34,579
Increase in short-term borrowings, net                —            (932)                —                (884)             —           (1,816)
Net proceeds from internal companies                  —          13,127            42,072               1,428         (56,627)             —
Proceeds from unsecured senior notes              6,804              —                  —                   —              —            6,804
Other financing activities                          236            (173)                —                 100              —              163

Net cash provided by
 financing activities                            38,382          47,381            42,072               2,659         (59,422)         71,072

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash            (2,369)        (2,713)                —                   —              —           (5,082)
Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and
 restricted cash                                 18,968          29,527                710              1,518              —           50,723
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at beginning of year                       6,576          22,920              9,489                927              —           39,912

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year, including cash and cash
  equivalents classified within assets
  held for sale                                  25,544          52,447            10,199               2,445              —           90,635
Less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash classified within assets held for sale
  at end of year                                      —             116                 —                   —              —              116

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash at end of year                            25,544          52,331            10,199               2,445              —           90,519




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022          31
     Part I (Continued)




     B.   Capitalization and Indebtedness
          Not applicable.


     C.   Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds
          Not applicable.


     D.   Risk Factors
          Risks Related to Our Business
          If we are unable to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our business and prospects
          may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our business has continued to grow in recent years, and we expect continued growth in our business and
          revenues. We plan to further invest in technologies, expand our fulfillment infrastructure and increase our
          product and service offerings. For example, in 2022, we recruited new employees in connection with the
          expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure and strengthening of our supply chain-based technology and service
          capability. We will continue to invest resources in training, managing and motivating our workforce. We also
          plan to continue to build our warehouses and establish new fulfillment facilities in additional locations across
          China, including smaller, less developed areas. In addition, as we continue to increase our product and service
          offerings, we will need to work with a large number of new suppliers and third-party merchants efficiently
          and establish and maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our existing and new suppliers and third-
          party merchants. To support our growth, we also plan to implement a variety of new and upgraded managerial,
          operating, financial and human resource systems, procedures and controls. All these efforts will require
          significant managerial, financial and human resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively
          manage our growth or to implement all these systems, procedures and control measures successfully or
          that our new business initiatives will be successful. If we are not able to manage our growth or execute our
          strategies effectively, our expansion may not be successful and our business and prospects may be materially
          and adversely affected.


          We incurred net losses in the past and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future.
          We had net income of RMB49,337 million, net loss of RMB4,467 million and net income of RMB9,691 million
          (US$1,407 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We had retained earnings of RMB37,418 million,
          RMB33,805 million and RMB29,304 million (US$4,249 million) as of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022,
          respectively.


          We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate net income in the future. Our ability to achieve and
          maintain profitability depends in large part on our ability to increase our gross margin by obtaining more
          favorable terms from our suppliers as our business further grows in scale, managing our product mix, expanding
          our online marketplace and offering value-added services with higher margins. Accordingly, we intend to
          continue to invest for the foreseeable future in our technology platform and fulfillment infrastructure to support
          an even larger selection of products and to offer additional value-added services. As a result of the foregoing, we
          may not be able to maintain our profitability in the future.




32   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




If we are unable to provide superior customer experience, our business and reputation may be materially
and adversely affected.
The success of our business hinges on our ability to provide superior customer experience, which in turn
depends on a variety of factors. These factors include our ability to continue to offer authentic products at
competitive prices, source products to respond to customer demands, maintain the quality of our products and
services, attract and regulate third-party merchants on our online marketplace, and provide timely and reliable
delivery, flexible payment options and superior after-sales service.


We rely primarily on our own fulfillment infrastructure, and to a lesser extent on third-party couriers, to deliver
our products. Interruptions or failures in our delivery services or third-party couriers could prevent the timely or
successful delivery of our products. These interruptions may be due to unforeseen events that are beyond our
control or the control of our third-party couriers, such as inclement weather, natural disasters, virus outbreaks,
transportation disruptions or labor unrest. If our products are not delivered on time or are delivered in a damaged
state, customers may refuse to accept our products and have less confidence in our services. Furthermore,
our own delivery personnel and those of third-party couriers act on our behalf and, in most instances, interact
with our customers personally. We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to
deliver our products to our customers in those areas not covered by our own fulfillment infrastructure and for
a portion of our bulky item deliveries, and we need to effectively manage these third-party service providers
to ensure the quality of customer services. We have in the past received customer complaints from time to
time regarding our delivery and return and exchange services. In addition, we have opened our fulfillment
infrastructure by offering logistics services to third parties. If we are not able to manage our logistics services
successfully, opening these services to third parties could divert the resources available to our retail business
and affect customer experience. Any failure to provide high-quality delivery services to our customers may
negatively impact the shopping experience of our customers, damage our reputation and cause us to lose
customers. In certain instances, our customers may be referred to our affiliates when using our services. Even
though we do not necessarily have control over these affiliates, any negative customer experience associated
with them may adversely affect our brand and reputation.


We operate 24-7 customer service centers in Suqian, Yangzhou, Chengdu, Wuhan and Datong, handling all kinds
of customer queries and complaints regarding our products and services. As of December 31, 2022, we had
over 16,000 customer service representatives at these centers. There is no assurance that we will be able to
maintain a low turnover rate of existing employees and provide sufficient training to new employees to meet our
standards of customer service or that an influx of less experienced personnel will not dilute the quality of our
customer service. If our customer service representatives fail to provide satisfactory service, or if waiting times
are too long due to the high volume of calls from customers at peak times, our brand and customer loyalty may
be adversely affected. In addition, any negative publicity or poor feedback regarding our customer service may
harm our brand and reputation and in turn cause us to lose customers and market share.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        33
     Part I (Continued)




          Uncertainties relating to the growth and profitability of the retail industry in China in general, and the
          online retail industry in particular, could adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations.
          We generate the majority of our revenues from online retail. While online retail has existed in China since the
          1990s, only recently have certain large online retail companies become profitable. The long-term viability and
          prospects of various online retail business models in China remain relatively untested. Our future results of
          operations will depend on numerous factors affecting the development of the online retail industry in China,
          which may be beyond our control. These factors include:


          •    the growth of internet, broadband, personal computer and mobile penetration and usage in China, and the
               rate of any such growth;


          •    the consumers’ trust and confidence level towards online retail in China, as well as changes in customer
               demographics and consumer tastes and preferences;


          •    the selection, price and popularity of products as well as promotions that we and our competitors offer
               online;


          •    whether alternative retail channels or business models that better address the needs of consumers emerge
               in China; and


          •    the development of fulfillment, payment and other ancillary services associated with online purchases.

          A decline in the popularity of online shopping in general, or any failure by us to adapt our mobile apps and
          websites and to improve the online shopping experience of our customers in response to trends and consumer
          requirements, may adversely affect our net revenues and business prospects.


          Furthermore, the retail industry is very sensitive to macroeconomic changes, and retail purchases tend to
          decline during recessionary periods. The majority of our net revenues are derived from retail sales in China.
          Many factors outside of our control, including inflation and deflation, currency exchange rate fluctuation, volatility
          of stock and property markets, interest rates, tax rates and other government policies and unemployment rates
          can adversely affect consumer confidence and spending, which could in turn materially and adversely affect
          our growth and profitability. Unfavorable developments in domestic and international politics, including military
          conflicts, political turmoil and social instability, may also adversely affect consumer confidence and reduce
          spending, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our growth and profitability.


          Any harm to our JD brand or reputation may materially and adversely affect our business and results of
          operations.
          We believe that the recognition and reputation of our JD (京東) brand among our customers, suppliers and
          third-party merchants have contributed significantly to the growth and success of our business. Maintaining and




34   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




enhancing the recognition and reputation of our brand are critical to our business and competitiveness. Many
factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important to maintaining and enhancing our brand. These
factors include our ability to:


•   provide a compelling shopping experience to customers;


•   maintain the popularity, attractiveness, diversity, quality and authenticity of the products we offer;


•   maintain the efficiency, reliability and quality of our fulfillment services;


•   maintain or improve customers’ satisfaction with our after-sale services;


•   support third-party merchants to provide satisfactory customer experience through our online marketplace;


•   increase brand awareness through marketing and brand promotion activities; and


•   preserve our reputation and goodwill in the event of any negative publicity, including those on customer
    service, customer and supplier relationships, internet security, product quality, price or authenticity, or other
    issues affecting us or other online retail businesses in China.

A public perception that non-authentic, counterfeit or defective goods are sold on our mobile apps and websites
or that we or third-party service providers do not provide satisfactory customer service, even if factually incorrect
or based on isolated incidents, could damage our reputation, diminish the value of our brand, undermine the
trust and credibility we have established and have a negative impact on our ability to attract new customers
or retain our current customers. If we are unable to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition or
increase positive awareness of our websites, products and services, as well as products sold by third-party
merchants through our online marketplace, it may be difficult to maintain and grow our customer base, and our
business and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


Any actual or alleged illegal activities by our employees (including our senior management) could subject us to
liability or negative publicity. These activities may also affect our employees’ ability or willingness to continue
to serve our company or dedicate their full time and efforts to our company and negatively affect our brand and
reputation, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.


If we are unable to offer products that attract purchases from new and existing customers, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to attract purchases from new customers and existing
customers. Constantly changing consumer preferences have affected and will continue to affect the retail
industry, in particular the online retail industry. We must stay abreast of emerging consumer preferences and
anticipate product trends that will appeal to existing and potential customers. We have been making progress in
leveraging artificial intelligence, or AI, technologies to generate personalized recommendations to customers for
products in which they may be interested. Each product page typically has recommendations of similar products



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         35
     Part I (Continued)




          or other products that are often purchased together with that product. In addition, our mobile apps and websites
          make recommendations to customers according to a comprehensive dataset compiled based on customers’
          shopping behavior. Our ability to make individually tailored recommendations is dependent on our business
          intelligence system, which tracks, collects and analyzes our users’ browsing and purchasing behavior, to provide
          accurate and reliable information. Our customers choose to purchase products on our mobile apps and websites
          due in part to the attractive prices that we offer, and they may choose to shop elsewhere if we cannot match
          the prices offered by other websites or by physical stores, or if we cannot maintain a steady supply of products
          they desire. If our customers cannot find their desired products on our mobile apps and websites at attractive
          prices, they may lose interest in us and visit our mobile apps and websites less frequently or even stop visiting
          our mobile apps and websites altogether, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business,
          financial condition and results of operations.


          If we are unable to manage our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure efficiently and effectively, our
          business prospects and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
          We believe that our own nationwide fulfillment infrastructure, consisting of strategically located warehouses
          and delivery and pickup stations, is essential to our success. As of December 31, 2022, our warehouse network
          covered almost all counties and districts across China, consisting of over 1,500 warehouses operated by us
          and over 2,000 cloud warehouses operated by third-party warehouse owner-operators under JD Logistics Open
          Warehouse Platform. As of December 31, 2022, our warehouse network had an aggregate gross floor area, or
          GFA, of over 30 million square meters, including the GFA of the cloud warehouses under JD Logistics Open
          Warehouse Platform.


          Our comprehensive fulfillment facilities covered almost all the counties and districts across China, and we had
          362,171 warehouse and delivery personnel as of December 31, 2022. We are constructing our warehouses
          to increase our storage capacity and to restructure and reorganize our fulfillment workflow and processes. In
          April 2017, we opened up our fulfillment infrastructure to third-parties and established a new business group,
          JD Logistics, to provide integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services to third-party businesses
          across a wide range of industries. JD Logistics provides these businesses with comprehensive supply chain
          solutions, including warehousing and distribution services, express and freight services and other value-
          added services. In October 2018, JD Logistics opened up its leading logistics network to consumers, offering
          parcel delivery service to users in certain regions. Leveraging our extensive delivery network, users in these
          areas can conveniently send items intra-city and throughout most of the Chinese mainland with our same fast
          and reliable delivery service. In April 2019, JD Logistics introduced its new cold chain service which utilizes
          idle capacity in the industry to offer cold chain transport services. Combined with JD Logistics’s previously
          launched cold chain services, it has formed a one-stop shop from Factory to Business to Customer (F2B2C) cold
          chain delivery system to meet the service demands of manufacturers, third-party merchants, and consumers.
          JD Logistics has experienced rapid growth since its inception. However, the increase in demand for our logistics
          services may result in additional challenges in operating our fulfillment infrastructure. For example, increasing
          volume of parcels may cause delay for our delivery services, or we may be required to make significant capital
          expenditure to further expand our existing fulfillment facilities to handle the increasing orders both from our
          online marketplace and from third-party businesses. In addition, the development of logistics business is




36   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




capital intensive. To address such capital requirement, in February 2018, we entered into definitive agreements
with third-party investors for the financing of JD Logistics. JD Logistics raised a total amount of US$2.5 billion
by issuing series A preference shares to third-party investors, who owned an aggregate of approximately 19%
stake in JD Logistics on a fully diluted basis. On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on
the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” Net proceeds of this global
offering, including proceeds from exercise of the over-allotment options by the underwriters, amounted to
RMB22.9 billion (after deducting underwriting commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses).
However, JD Logistics may require additional capital resources due to further developments or changed
business conditions. JD Logistics may seek to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity or debt securities.
The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution of our equity stake in JD Logistics, and the
investors may have a strategy or objective different from ours with respect to JD Logistics or impose conditions
that could restrict the operations of JD Logistics. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt
service obligations and could result in operating and financial covenants that would restrict its operations. It is
uncertain whether financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable, if at all. In addition, JD Logistics
may from time to time need to adjust certain elements of its operations in response to evolving economic
conditions and business needs. These adjustments, however, may not be sufficient to allow JD Logistics
to address the various challenges it faces or improve its results of operations and financial performance as
expected. Furthermore, if the compensation package offered is not competitive in the market, JD Logistics may
not be able to provide sufficient incentives to maintain stable and dedicated warehousing, delivery personnel
and other labor support, which may result in disruption to or delay in its delivery services. Any failure to address
these risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect JD Logistics’s results of operations and
financial performance and its prospects of achieving profitability, which could have a material adverse impact on
our business development, financial conditions and results of operations.


We also plan to continue the establishment of fulfillment facilities at additional locations, including those smaller
and less developed areas, to further enhance our ability to deliver products to customers directly ourselves. As
we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capability and expand our reach to those smaller, less-developed
areas, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and challenging to operate. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to acquire land use rights and set up warehouses, or lease suitable facilities for the
delivery stations, on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Moreover, the order density in those smaller,
less developed areas may not be sufficient to allow us to operate our own delivery network in a cost-efficient
manner. We may not be able to recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in connection with the
expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure. In addition, the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure may strain
our managerial, financial, operational and other resources. If we fail to manage such expansion successfully,
our growth potential, business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Even if
we manage the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure successfully, it may not give us the competitive
advantage that we expect if improved third-party fulfillment services become widely available at reasonable
prices to retailers in China.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         37
     Part I (Continued)




          We face intense competition. We may not be able to maintain or may lose market share and customers if
          we fail to compete effectively.
          The retail industry in China, in particular the online retail industry, is intensely competitive. We compete for
          customers, orders, products and third-party merchants. Our current or potential competitors include major
          e-commerce companies in China that offer a wide range of general merchandise product categories, major
          traditional retailers in China that are moving into online retailing, online retail companies in China focused on
          specific product categories, and physical retail stores including big-box stores that also aim to offer a one-stop
          shopping experience. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Competition.” In addition,
          new and enhanced technologies may increase the competition in the retail industry. New competitive business
          models may appear, for example based on new forms of social media or social commerce.


          Increased competition may reduce our margins and market share and impact brand recognition, or result in
          significant losses. When we set prices, we have to consider how competitors have set prices for the same or
          similar products. When they cut prices or offer additional benefits to compete with us, we may have to lower
          our own prices or offer additional benefits or risk losing market share, either of which could harm our financial
          condition and results of operations.


          Some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better
          supplier relationships, larger customer bases, higher penetration in certain regions or greater financial, technical
          or marketing resources than we do. Those smaller companies or new entrants may be acquired by, receive
          investment from or enter into strategic relationships with well-established and well-financed companies or
          investors which would help enhance their competitive positions. Some of our competitors may be able to secure
          more favorable terms from suppliers, devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt
          more aggressive pricing or inventory policies and devote substantially more resources to their websites, mobile
          apps and systems development than us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
          against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may have a material and adverse effect on our
          business, financial condition and results of operations.


          Our expansion into new product categories and substantial increase in the number of products may
          expose us to new challenges and more risks.
          In recent years, we have expanded our product offerings to include a wide range of products including apparel
          and footwear, bags, watches, jewelry, household goods, cosmetics, personal care products, baby and maternity
          products, food and beverages, fresh produce, fitness equipment, autoparts, pharmaceutical products, nutritional
          supplements, healthcare equipment, industrial products, and books and virtual goods. Expansion into diverse
          new product categories and substantially increased number of products and stock keeping units involves new
          risks and challenges. Our lack of familiarity with these products and lack of relevant customer data relating to
          these products may make it more difficult for us to anticipate customer demand and preferences. We may
          misjudge customer demand, resulting in inventory buildup and possible inventory write-down. It may also make
          it more difficult for us to inspect and control quality and ensure proper handling, storage and delivery. We may
          experience higher return rates on new products, receive more customer complaints about them and face costly
          product liability claims as a result of selling them, which would harm our brand and reputation as well as our




38   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




financial performance. Furthermore, we may not have much purchasing power in new categories of products
and we may not be able to negotiate favorable terms with suppliers. We may need to price aggressively to gain
market share or remain competitive in new categories. It may be difficult for us to achieve profitability in the
new product categories and our profit margin, if any, may be lower than we anticipate, which would adversely
affect our overall profitability and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to recoup our
investments in introducing these new product categories.


If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity
may be materially and adversely affected.
Our scale and business model require us to manage a large volume of inventory effectively. We depend on
our demand forecasts for various kinds of products to make purchase decisions and to manage our inventory.
Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered and the date by
which we target to sell it. Demand may be affected by seasonality, new product launches, changes in product
cycles and pricing, product defects, changes in consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with
respect to our products and other factors, and our customers may not order products in the quantities that we
expect. In addition, when we begin selling a new product, it may be difficult to establish supplier relationships,
determine appropriate product selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of
inventory may require significant lead time and prepayment, and they may not be returnable.


Our net inventories have increased significantly in recent periods, from RMB58,933 million as of December 31,
2020 to RMB75,601 million as of December 31, 2021 and further to RMB77,949 million (US$11,302 million)
as of December 31, 2022. Our annual inventory turnover days were 33.3 days in 2020, 30.3 days in 2021, and
33.2 days in 2022. Annual inventory turnover days are the quotient of average inventory over the immediately
preceding five quarters, up to and including the last quarter of the annual period, to cost of revenues of retail
business for that annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days. As we plan to continue expanding our product
offerings, we expect to include more products in our inventory, which will make it more challenging for us to
manage our inventory effectively and will put more pressure on our warehousing system.


If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, we may be subject to a heightened risk of inventory
obsolescence, a decline in inventory values, and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition, we
may be required to lower sale prices in order to reduce inventory level, which may lead to lower gross margins.
High inventory levels may also require us to commit substantial capital resources, preventing us from using
that capital for other important purposes. Any of the above may materially and adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition.


On the other hand, if we underestimate demand for our products, or if our suppliers fail to supply quality
products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which might result in missed sales,
diminished brand loyalty and lost revenues, any of which could harm our business and reputation.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        39
     Part I (Continued)




          We may not be able to sustain our historical growth rates.
          We have experienced rapid growth since we commenced our online retail business in 2004. However, there is
          no assurance that we will be able to maintain our historical growth rates in future periods. Our revenue growth
          may slow or our revenues may decline for any number of possible reasons, such as decreased consumer
          spending, increased competition, slowdown in the growth or contraction of the retail or online retail industry
          in China, fulfillment bottlenecks, emergence of alternative business models, changes in government policies
          or general economic conditions, and natural disasters or virus outbreaks. If our growth rate declines, investors’
          perceptions of our business and business prospects may be adversely affected and the market price of our
          Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline.


          If we are unable to conduct our marketing activities cost-effectively, our results of operations and
          financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
          We have incurred significant expenses on a variety of different marketing and brand promotion efforts designed
          to enhance our brand recognition and increase sales of our products. Our brand promotion and marketing
          activities may not be well received by customers and may not result in the levels of product sales that we
          anticipate. We incurred RMB27,156 million, RMB38,743 million and RMB37,772 million (US$5,476 million) of
          marketing expenses in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Marketing approaches and tools in the consumer
          products market in China are evolving. This further requires us to enhance our marketing approaches and
          experiment with new marketing methods to keep pace with industry developments and customer preferences.
          Failure to refine our existing marketing approaches or to introduce new marketing approaches in a cost-effective
          manner could reduce our market share, cause our net revenues to decline and negatively impact our profitability.


          If we fail to manage and expand our relationships with suppliers, or otherwise fail to procure products
          on favorable terms, our business and growth prospects may suffer.
          We source products from third-party suppliers for our retail business. We had over 45,000 suppliers as of
          December 31, 2022. Our suppliers include domestic and cross-border manufacturers, distributors and resellers.
          Maintaining strong relationships with these suppliers is important to the growth of our business. In particular,
          we depend significantly on our ability to procure products from suppliers on favorable pricing terms. We typically
          enter into one-year framework agreements with suppliers on an annual basis, and these framework agreements
          do not ensure the availability of products or the continuation of particular pricing practices or payment terms
          beyond the end of the contractual term. In addition, our agreements with suppliers typically do not restrict the
          suppliers from selling products to other buyers. We cannot assure you that our current suppliers will continue to
          sell products to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, after the term of the current agreement expires.
          Even if we maintain good relationships with our suppliers, their ability to supply products to us in sufficient
          quantity and at competitive prices may be adversely affected by economic conditions, labor actions, regulatory
          or legal decisions, customs and import restrictions, natural disasters or other causes. In the event that we are
          not able to purchase merchandise at favorable prices, our revenues and cost of revenues may be materially
          and adversely affected. In the event any distributor or reseller does not have authority from the relevant
          manufacturer to sell certain products to us, such distributor or reseller may cease selling such products to us
          at any time. In addition, our annual accounts payable turnover days for retail business were 47.1 days in 2020,
          45.3 days in 2021, and 52.5 days in 2022, respectively. Annual accounts payable turnover days are the quotient




40   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




of average accounts payable for retail business over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including
the last quarter of the annual period, to cost of revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then
multiplied by 360 days. If our suppliers cease to provide us with favorable payment terms, our requirements for
working capital may increase and our operations may be materially and adversely affected. We will also need to
establish new supplier relationships to ensure that we have access to a steady supply of products on favorable
commercial terms. If we are unable to develop and maintain good relationships with suppliers that would allow
us to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of authentic and quality merchandise on acceptable commercial
terms, it may inhibit our ability to offer sufficient products sought by our customers, or to offer these products at
competitive prices. Any adverse developments in our relationships with suppliers could materially and adversely
affect our business and growth prospects. Any disputes with suppliers could adversely affect our reputation
and subject us to damages and negative publicity. In addition, as part of our growth strategy, we plan to further
expand our product offerings. If we fail to attract new suppliers to sell their products to us due to any reason,
our business and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


Any interruption in the operation of our regional fulfillment centers, front distribution centers, other
additional warehouses, delivery stations or pickup stations for an extended period may have an adverse
impact on our business.
Our ability to process and fulfill orders accurately and provide high-quality customer service depends on
the smooth and safe operation of our regional fulfillment centers, front distribution centers, other additional
warehouses, and our delivery and pickup stations. Our fulfillment infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage
caused by fire, flood, power outage, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquake, human error and other
events. If any of our regional fulfillment centers were to operate at a lower capacity or rendered incapable of
operations, then we may be unable to fulfill any orders in a timely manner or at all in any of the provinces that
rely on that center. In addition, those events that could damage our fulfillment infrastructure, such as fire and
flood, may also result in damages to our inventory stored in or delivered through our fulfillment infrastructure,
and in such event, we would incur losses as a result. We do not carry business interruption insurance other
than in connection with the fixed business premises of our 7FRESH business, and the occurrence of any of the
foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations.


Safe operations are critical to us. Our operations of warehouses and delivery services are also subject to various
laws and regulations on safety, such as the Work Safety Law which requires, among other things, that the
production and operation entities in emerging industries and fields such as platform economy shall, based on
the characteristics of their respective industries and fields, establish, improve and implement a responsibility
system for the work safety of employees, as well as strengthen the education and training on work safety for
employees. See “Business Overview — Regulations — Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer
Protection and Operation Safety” for more details. If we fail to ensure safety in the operations of our fulfillment
infrastructure or road transportation, we may suffer from the adverse impact of accidents happened in our
workspace or in transit, which could result in personal injury and loss of property and subject us to fines,
penalties or mandatory corrective measures imposed by government authorities for violation of laws and
regulations on safety. The occurrence of such accidents could materially and adversely affect our business,
reputation, financial condition and results of operations.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         41
     Part I (Continued)




          We may not be able to recoup the investments we make to expand and upgrade our fulfillment and
          technology capabilities.
          We have invested significant resources in expanding and will continue to expand our fulfillment infrastructure
          and upgrade our technology platform. We also paid significant amounts for upgrading our technology platform
          during the same periods. We expect to continue to invest in our fulfillment and technology capabilities for a
          number of years. We also intend to continue to add resources to our fulfillment infrastructure and upgrade our
          technology platform as we focus on expanding our product selection and offering new services. We are likely
          to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the
          return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. We may not be able
          to recover our capital expenditures or investments, in part or in full, or the recovery of these capital expenditures
          or investments may take longer than expected. As a result, the carrying value of the related assets may be
          subject to an impairment charge, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation.


          Moreover, our heavy investment in building our own fulfillment infrastructure may put us at a competitive
          disadvantage against those competitors who primarily rely on third-party fulfillment services and focus their
          investment on improving other aspects of their businesses. We have designed our own fulfillment infrastructure
          to satisfy our business and operation requirements and to accommodate our fast growth, but there is no
          guarantee that we will be successful in meeting our objectives or that our own fulfillment structure will function
          more effectively and efficiently than third-party solutions.


          We use third-party couriers to deliver some orders, and our third-party merchants use couriers to deliver
          a significant number of orders. If these couriers fail to provide reliable delivery services, our business and
          reputation may be materially and adversely affected.
          We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of third-party couriers to deliver our products to our
          customers in those areas not covered by our own fulfillment infrastructure, particularly in smaller and less
          developed areas. We may also use third-party service providers to ship products from our regional fulfillment
          centers or front distribution centers to delivery stations or to deliver bulky item products. Third-party merchants
          also use third-party couriers if they do not make use of our delivery services. Interruptions to or failures in these
          third parties’ delivery services could prevent the timely or proper delivery of our products to customers. These
          interruptions may be due to events that are beyond our control or the control of these delivery companies, such
          as inclement weather, natural disasters, virus outbreaks, transportation disruptions or labor unrest. In addition, if
          our third-party couriers fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations in China, our delivery services may be
          materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to find alternative delivery companies to provide delivery
          services in a timely and reliable manner, or at all. Delivery of our products could also be affected or interrupted
          by the merger, acquisition, insolvency or government shut-down of the delivery companies we engage to make
          deliveries, especially those local companies with relatively small business scales. If our products are not delivered
          in proper condition or on a timely basis, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely affected.




42   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Our online marketplace is subject to risks associated with third-party merchants.
We do not have as much control over the storage and delivery of products sold on our online marketplace
as we do over the products that we sell directly ourselves. Many of our third-party merchants use their own
facilities to store their products, and many of them use their own or third-party delivery systems to deliver their
products to our customers, which makes it more difficult for us to ensure that our customers get the same
high quality service for all products sold on our mobile apps and websites. If any third-party merchant does
not control the quality of the products that it sells on our mobile apps and websites, fails to timely deliver the
products to customers, delivers products that are faulty or materially different from description, sells counterfeit
or unlicensed products, or sells products without licenses or permits as required by the relevant laws and
regulations even though we have requested such licenses or permits in our standard form contract with the
third-party merchant, the reputation of our online marketplace and our JD brand may be materially and adversely
affected and we could face claims to hold us liable for the losses. Moreover, despite our efforts to prevent it,
some products sold on our online marketplace may compete with the products we sell directly, which may
cannibalize our online retail. In addition, the supplier relationships, customer acquisition dynamics and other
requirements for our online marketplace may not be the same as those for our online retail operations, which
may complicate the management of our business. In order for our online marketplace to be successful, we must
continue to identify and attract third-party merchants, and we may not be successful in this regard.


Failure to deal effectively with any fictitious transactions or other fraudulent conduct would materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may face risks with respect to fraudulent activities on our online marketplace. Although we have
implemented various measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities on our marketplace,
there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or
improving overall satisfaction among third-party merchants and customers. In addition to fraudulent transactions
with legitimate customers, sellers may also engage in fictitious or “phantom” transactions with themselves
or collaborators in order to artificially inflate their own ratings on our online marketplace, reputation and search
results rankings. This activity may harm other sellers by enabling the perpetrating seller to be favored over
legitimate sellers, and may harm our customers by deceiving them into believing that a seller is more reliable
or trusted than the seller actually is. This activity may also result in inflated transaction volume from our online
marketplace. Moreover, illegal, fraudulent or collusive activities by our employees, such as fraud, bribery or
corruption, could also subject us to liability or negative publicity or cause losses. Although we have internal
controls and policies with regard to the review and approval of sales activities and other relevant matters, we
cannot assure you that such controls and policies will prevent fraud or illegal activity by our employees. Negative
publicity and user sentiment generated as a result of actual or alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct on our
platform or by our employees would severely diminish consumer confidence in us, reduce our ability to attract
new or retain current third-party merchants and customers, damage our reputation and diminish the value of our
brand names, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        43
     Part I (Continued)




          Strategic alliances, investments or acquisitions may have a material and adverse effect on our business,
          reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
          We may enter into strategic alliances with various third parties to facilitate the achievement of our business
          purposes from time to time. Strategic alliances with third parties could subject us to a number of risks, including
          risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the counterparty, and an increase
          in expenses incurred in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect
          our business. We may have little ability to control or monitor their actions. To the extent the third parties
          suffer negative publicity or harm to their reputations from events relating to their business, we may also suffer
          negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with such third parties.


          In addition, we have in the past invested in or acquired additional assets, technologies or businesses that are
          complementary to our existing business, such as:


          a.	our investments in and acquisition of Dada Nexus Limited, or Dada, a Nasdaq-listed company and a leading
                local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China;


          b.    our acquisition of


                •    Yihaodian marketplace platform assets from Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or Walmart, a NYSE-listed
                     company, including the Yihaodian brand, mobile apps and websites,


                •    Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co., Ltd., or Jiangsu Five Star, one of the leading offline retailers of home
                     appliances and consumer electronics in China,


                •    Kuayue-Express Group Co., LTD., or Kuayue Express, a renowned modern integrated express
                     transportation enterprise specializing in “limited-time express service” in China,


                •    China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Ltd., or CNLP, a company formerly listed on the Hong Kong
                     Stock Exchange primarily engaged in the leasing of storage facilities and the related management
                     services in the PRC, and


                •    Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd, or Deppon, an integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing
                     a wide range of solutions including Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL)
                     transportation, delivery services, and warehousing management listed on the Shanghai Stock
                     Exchange; and

          c.    our investments in


                •    Yonghui Superstores Co., Ltd., or Yonghui, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and a
                     leading hypermarket and supermarket operator in China,


                •    China United Network Communications Limited, or China Unicom, a company listed on the Shanghai
                     Stock Exchange and a Chinese telecommunications operator,

44   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




     •     Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties Co., Ltd., or Wanda Commercial Properties, a leading
           developer, owner and operator of commercial properties in China,


     •     ATRenew Inc. (formerly known as AiHuiShou International Co. Ltd.), or ATRenew, a NYSE-listed
           company which operates an online second-hand consumer electronics trading platform, and


     •     Xingsheng Preference Electronic Business Limited, or Xingsheng, a leading community group buying
           e-commerce platform that serves community families with fresh foods and daily necessities.

See “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company — Our Major Investments.” We
expect to continue to evaluate and consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions as part of our overall
business strategy, including business combinations, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, technologies,
services, products and other assets, as well as strategic investments, joint ventures and alliances.


If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may continue to do so in the future. Investments
or acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own would require
significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing
business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations. The costs of identifying
and consummating investments and acquisitions may be significant. We may also incur significant expenses
in obtaining necessary approvals from relevant government authorities in China and elsewhere in the world.
In addition, investments and acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially
dilutive issuances of equity securities and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business.
The cost and duration of integrating newly acquired businesses could also materially exceed our expectations.
Any such negative developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.


Our financial results could be adversely affected by our investments or acquisitions. The investments and
acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. They could result in occurrence
of significant investments and goodwill impairment charges, and amortization expenses for other intangible
assets. As of December 31, 2022, we had net intangible assets of RMB9.1 billion (US$1.3 billion) and goodwill
of RMB23.1 billion (US$3.4 billion). In the event that a decline in fair value below the carrying value of our equity
method investments is other-than-temporary, or the carrying amount of a reporting unit to which goodwill is
allocated exceeds its fair value, we may have to record actual or potential impairment charges of investments in
equity investees or intangible assets and goodwill recorded in connection with invested businesses. Moreover,
we share the results of the investments which we account for as equity method investments, although we have
no control on the factors and risks that affect their business, results of operations and financial condition. In
2022, our share of results of equity investees was a loss of RMB2.2 billion (US$0.3 billion), primarily consisting
of non-cash impairments in equity investees. We may not always be able to obtain gains from the equity
method investments. If the investments that we account for using the equity method were in a loss position,
we would pick up their loss in our consolidated statement of operations. When our share of losses in the equity
investees equals or exceeds our interest in the equity investees, we do not recognize further losses, unless
we have incurred obligations or made payments or guarantees on behalf of the equity investees or unless we


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         45
     Part I (Continued)




          have other investments in the equity investees. We may continue to incur impairment charges in connection
          with our investments or acquisitions and pick up the losses by our equity investments, which could depress
          our profitability and have a material adverse impact on our financial results. We measure long-term investments
          other than equity method investments at fair value through earnings, which could vary significantly year to year.
          We recorded a gain of RMB29.5 billion, a loss of RMB7.3 billion and a loss of RMB4.1 billion (US$0.6 billion)
          resulting from the fair value change in long-term investments in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.

          These and other risks could also lead to negative publicity, litigation, government inquiries, investigations or
          actions against the companies we invest in or acquire, or even against our other businesses, and may force us
          to incur significant additional expenses and allocate significant management and human resources to rectify or
          improve these companies’ corporate governance standards or internal controls and systems.

          We may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings.
          We may be subject to litigation and regulatory proceedings inside and outside China relating to third-party
          and principal intellectual property infringement claims, contract disputes involving third-party merchants and
          consumers on our platforms, consumer protection claims, claims relating to data and privacy protection,
          employment related cases, cross-border payment and settlement disputes and other matters in the ordinary
          course of our business. As we routinely enter into business contracts with our suppliers, third-party merchants
          and consumers on our platform, we have been and may continue to be involved in legal proceedings arising
          from contract disputes or other civil disputes, including being named as a co-defendant in lawsuits filed against
          our suppliers by third parties. For example, in July and August 2019, two lawsuits were filed against us. The
          plaintiffs in these two lawsuits are seeking damages in an aggregate amount of approximately RMB3.5 billion.
          We believe these lawsuits are without merit and we are defending ourselves vigorously. However, there is
          uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of these two lawsuits and the other legal proceedings in
          which we are involved.

          We anticipate that we will continue to be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings in the
          future incidental to our ordinary course of business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in
          our defense or reverse any unfavorable judgment, ruling or decision against us. In addition, we may decide to
          enter into settlements that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

          As our digital economy expands, including across jurisdictions and through the addition of new businesses,
          we may encounter a variety of these claims, including those brought against us pursuant to anti-monopoly or
          unfair competitions laws or involving higher amounts of alleged damages. Laws, rules and regulations may vary
          in their scope and overseas laws and regulations may impose requirements that are more stringent than, or
          which conflict with, those in China. We have acquired and may acquire companies that may become subject to
          litigation, as well as regulatory proceedings. In addition, in connection with litigation or regulatory proceedings
          we may be subject to in various jurisdictions, we may be prohibited by laws, regulations or government
          authorities in one jurisdiction from complying with subpoenas, orders or other requests from courts or regulators
          of other jurisdictions, including those relating to data held in or with respect to persons in these jurisdictions.
          Our failure or inability to comply with the subpoenas, orders or requests could subject us to fines, penalties or
          other legal liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations
          and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.



46   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




As a publicly-listed company, we may face additional exposure to claims and lawsuits inside and outside
China, including securities law class actions. We will need to defend against these lawsuits, including any
appeals should our initial defense be successful. The litigation process may utilize a material portion of our
cash resources and divert management’s attention away from the day-to-day operations of our company, all of
which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that we will prevail in any of these cases, and any
adverse outcome of these cases could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results
of operations. In addition, although we have obtained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, the insurance
coverage may not be adequate to cover our obligations to indemnify our directors and officers, fund a settlement
of litigation in excess of insurance coverage or pay an adverse judgment in litigation. Certain of our directors
may be subject to alleged class actions due to their current or previous directorships in other listed companies.
Our directors and executive officers may also face litigation or proceedings (including alleged or future securities
class action) unrelated to their respective capacity as a director or executive officer of our company, and such
litigation or proceedings may adversely affect our public image and reputation.


The existence of litigation, claims, investigations and proceedings may harm our reputation, limit our ability to
conduct our business in the affected areas and adversely affect the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares
and/or ADSs. The outcome of any claims, investigations and proceedings is inherently uncertain, and in any
event defending against these claims could be both costly and time-consuming, and could significantly divert
the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. An adverse determination in any litigation,
investigation or proceeding could cause us to pay damages, incur legal and other costs, limit our ability to
conduct business or require us to change the manner in which we operate.


Our success depends on the continuing and collaborative efforts of our management team, and our
business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
Our success heavily depends upon the continued services of our management. In particular, we rely on the
expertise and experience of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our chairman, and our executive officers. If one or
more of our senior management were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we might not
be able to replace them easily or at all, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected. If any of our senior management joins a competitor or forms a competing
business, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key professionals and staff members. Our senior
management has entered into employment agreements and confidentiality and non-competition agreements
with us. However, if any dispute arises between our officers and us, we may have to incur substantial costs and
expenses in order to enforce such agreements in China or we may be unable to enforce them at all. In addition,
we do not have key-man insurance for any of our executive officers or other key personnel. Events or activities
attributed to our executive officers or other key personnel, and related publicity, whether or not justified, may
affect their ability or willingness to continue to serve our company or dedicate their full time and efforts to
our company and negatively affect our brand and reputation, resulting in an adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        47
     Part I (Continued)




          If we are unable to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel or sufficient workforce while controlling
          our labor costs, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
          Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel,
          particularly technical, fulfillment, marketing and other operational personnel with experience. Our experienced
          mid-level managers are instrumental in implementing our business strategies, executing our business plans
          and supporting our business operations and growth. The effective operation of our managerial and operating
          systems, fulfillment infrastructure, customer service center and other back office functions also depends on
          the hard work and quality performance of our management and employees. Since our industry is characterized
          by high demand and intense competition for talent and labor, we can provide no assurance that we will be
          able to attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees that we will need to achieve our
          strategic objectives. Our fulfillment infrastructure is labor intensive and requires a substantial number of blue-
          collar workers, and these positions tend to have higher than average turnover. As of December 31, 2022, we
          employed a total of 362,171 warehouse and delivery personnel. We have observed an overall tightening of
          the labor market and an emerging trend of shortage of labor supply. Failure to obtain stable and dedicated
          warehousing, delivery personnel and other labor support may lead to underperformance of these functions and
          cause disruption to our business. Labor costs in China have increased with China’s economic development,
          particularly in the large cities where we operate our regional fulfillment centers and more generally in the
          urban areas where we maintain our delivery and pickup stations. Because we operate our own fulfillment
          infrastructure, which requires a large and rapidly growing work force, our cost structure is more vulnerable to
          labor costs than that of many of our competitors, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. Therefore,
          to maintain and enhance our competitiveness, we may from time to time need to adjust certain elements of
          our operations in response to evolving economic conditions and business needs. These adjustments, however,
          may not be sufficient to allow JD Logistics to address the various challenges it faces or improve its results of
          operations and financial performance as expected. Furthermore, if the compensation package offered is not
          competitive in the market, JD Logistics may not be able to provide sufficient incentives to or maintain stable
          and dedicated warehousing, delivery personnel and other labor support. Any failure to address these risks and
          uncertainties could materially and adversely affect JD Logistics’s results of operations and financial performance
          and its prospects of achieving profitability, which could have a material adverse impact on our business
          development, financial conditions and results of operations. In addition, our ability to train and integrate new
          employees into our operations may also be limited and may not meet the demand for our business growth on a
          timely fashion, or at all, and rapid expansion may impair our ability to maintain our corporate culture.


          We may have conflicts of interest with our subsidiaries that are stand-alone public companies.
          Certain of our subsidiaries have become stand-alone public companies. On December 8, 2020, shares of
          JD Health, our consolidated subsidiary, commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange under the stock code “6618.” On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics, our consolidated subsidiary,
          commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” On
          March 30, 2023, each of JD Property and JD Industrials, through their respective joint sponsors, submitted a
          listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission to
          deal in, their respective shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as
          to whether or when any of the proposed listings may take place.




48   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




We currently offer different types of support to JD Health, JD Logistics, JD Property and JD Industrials to
facilitate the marketing and implementation of their services. We have entered into and may, in the future,
enter into various transactions and agreements with these subsidiaries. JD Health and JD Logistics have, and
JD Property and JD Industrials are expected to have after any of them becomes a stand-alone public company
in Hong Kong, their respective audit committee, each consisting of independent non-executive directors, to
review and approve all proposed connected transactions as defined in the listing rules of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, including any transactions between us and any of these subsidiaries, as applicable. We have an audit
committee, consisting of independent directors, to review and approve all material related party transactions,
including any material transactions between us and any of these subsidiaries, as applicable. We believe that the
transactions and agreements that we have entered into with these subsidiaries are on terms that are negotiated
on an arm’s length basis.


In addition, we may acquire or invest in publicly traded companies from time to time. For example, following the
closing of our share subscription with Dada, a Nasdaq-listed company and a leading local on-demand delivery
and retail platform in China, on February 28, 2022, we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding
shares and began to consolidate the financial results of Dada into ours. On July 26, 2022, JD Logistics completed
the acquisition of more than 50% equity interest in Deppon, a Shanghai Stock Exchange-listed company
and an integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing a wide range of solutions including Less-
Than-Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL) transportation, delivery services, and warehousing
management. As a result, Deppon has become a subsidiary of JD Logistics, and its financial results, except for
that of certain excluded business, have been consolidated into JD Logistics’s consolidated financial statements.


However, as we remain a controlling shareholder of these stand-alone public companies, we may from time to
time make strategic decisions that we believe are in the best interests of our business and shareholders as a
whole, which may create conflicts of interest with these companies, such as resolution of any dispute arising
from the agreements, allocation of business opportunities, and employee recruiting and retention between us
and these companies. We may not be able to resolve all potential misalignments in interests with these public
companies and the existence of such misalignments in interests may affect the results of operation of these
companies, which may, in turn, affect our results of operations as a whole. The conflicts of interest described
above may also arise when we acquire or invest in other publicly traded companies from time to time.


We may incur liability or become subject to administrative penalties for counterfeit or unauthorized
products sold on our mobile apps and websites, or for products sold on our mobile apps and websites or
content posted on our mobile apps and websites that infringe on third-party intellectual property rights,
or for other misconduct.
We sourced our products from over 45,000 suppliers as of December 31, 2022. Third-party merchants on
our online marketplace are separately responsible for sourcing the products they sell on our mobile apps and
websites. Although we have adopted measures to verify the authenticity and authorization of products sold
on our mobile apps and websites and avoid potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights in
the course of sourcing and selling products, we may not always be successful. As part of our cross-border
e-commerce business, we source products outside of China and allow overseas brands or partners to sell their
products through our online marketplace, which could make it more difficult for us to verify the authenticity and
authorization of products sold.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        49
     Part I (Continued)




          In the event that counterfeit, unauthorized or infringing products are sold on our mobile apps and websites or
          infringing content is posted on our mobile apps and websites, we could face claims that we should be held
          liable. We have in the past received claims alleging our infringement of third parties’ rights. Irrespective of the
          validity of such claims, we could incur significant costs and efforts in either defending against or settling such
          claims. If there is a successful claim against us, we might be required to pay substantial damages or refrain from
          further sale of the relevant products. Potential liability under PRC law if we negligently participated or assisted
          in infringement activities associated with counterfeit goods includes injunctions to cease infringing activities,
          rectification, compensation, administrative penalties and even criminal liability. Moreover, such third-party claims
          or administrative penalties could result in negative publicity and our reputation could be severely damaged. Any
          of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
          condition.


          Under our standard form agreements, we require suppliers or third-party merchants to indemnify us for
          any losses we suffer or any costs that we incur due to any products we source from these suppliers or
          any products sold by these third-party merchants. However, not all of our agreements with suppliers and
          third-party merchants have such terms, and for those agreements that have such terms, we may not be able to
          successfully enforce our contractual rights and may need to initiate costly and lengthy legal proceedings in China
          to protect our rights. See “— Risks Related to Doing Business in China — We may be adversely affected by the
          complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related business and companies.”


          We may be subject to product liability claims.
          The products sold by us through our online retail business may be defective. As a result, sales of such products
          could expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury or property damage and may require product
          recalls or other actions. Third parties subject to such injury or damage may bring claims or legal proceedings
          against us as the retailer of the product. Although we would have legal recourse against the manufacturer of
          such products under PRC law, attempting to enforce our rights against the manufacturer may be expensive,
          time-consuming and ultimately futile. In addition, we do not currently maintain any third-party liability insurance
          or product liability insurance in relation to products we sell. As a result, any material product liability claim or
          litigation could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
          Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of funds and managerial efforts in defending them and
          could have a negative impact on our reputation.


          The proper functioning of our technology platform is essential to our business. Any failure to maintain
          the satisfactory performance of our websites, mobile apps and systems could materially and adversely
          affect our business and reputation.
          The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our technology platform are critical to our success
          and our ability to attract and retain customers and provide quality customer service. Almost all of our sales of
          products are made online through our mobile apps and websites, and the fulfillment services we provide to
          third-party merchants are related to sales of their products through our mobile apps and websites. Any system
          interruptions caused by telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hacking or other attempts to harm
          our systems that result in the unavailability or slowdown of our mobile apps and websites or reduced order




50   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




fulfillment performance could reduce the volume of products sold and the attractiveness of product offerings on
our mobile apps and websites. Our servers may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to system interruptions, website slowdown or unavailability,
delays or errors in transaction processing, loss of data or the inability to accept and fulfill customer orders.
Security breaches, computer viruses and hacking attacks have become more prevalent in our industry. Because
of our brand recognition in the online retail industry in China, we believe we are a particularly attractive target for
such attacks. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, such attacks and unexpected
interruptions. We can provide no assurance that our current security mechanisms will be sufficient to protect
our IT systems from any third-party intrusions, viruses or hacker attacks, information or data theft or other
similar activities. Any such future occurrences could reduce customer satisfaction, damage our reputation and
result in a material decrease in our revenue.


Additionally, we must continue to upgrade and improve our technology platform to support our business growth,
and failure to do so could impede our growth. However, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in
executing these system upgrades and improvement strategies or when the execution of these system upgrades
and improvement strategies will be effective. In particular, our systems may experience interruptions during
upgrades, and the new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated with the existing systems on
a timely basis, or at all. In addition, we experience surges in online traffic and orders associated with promotional
activities and holiday seasons, such as June 18 and November 11, which can put additional demands on our
technology platform at specific times. If our existing or future technology platform does not function properly,
it could cause system disruptions and slow response times, affecting data transmission, which in turn could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Any deficiencies in China’s internet infrastructure could impair our ability to sell products over our
mobile apps and websites, which could cause us to lose customers and harm our operating results.
Almost all of our sales of products are made online through our mobile apps and websites, and the fulfillment
services we provide to third-party merchants are related to sales of their products through our mobile apps
and websites. Our business depends on the performance and reliability of the internet infrastructure in China.
The availability of our mobile apps and websites depends on telecommunications carriers and other third-party
providers for communications and storage capacity, including bandwidth and server storage, among other
things. If we are unable to enter into and renew agreements with these providers on acceptable terms, or if
any of our existing agreements with such providers are terminated as a result of our breach or otherwise, our
ability to provide our services to our customers could be adversely affected. Almost all access to the internet
in China is maintained through state-owned telecommunication carriers under administrative control, and we
obtain access to end-user networks operated by such telecommunications carriers and internet service providers
to give customers access to our mobile apps and websites. We have experienced service interruptions in the
past, which were typically caused by service interruptions at the underlying external telecommunications service
providers, such as the internet data centers and broadband carriers from which we receive services. Service
interruptions prevent consumers from accessing our mobile apps and websites and placing orders, and frequent
interruptions could frustrate customers and discourage them from attempting to place orders, which could
cause us to lose customers and harm our operating results.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022         51
     Part I (Continued)




          If we fail to adopt new technologies or adapt our websites, mobile apps and systems to changing
          customer requirements or emerging industry standards, or if our efforts to invest in the development of
          new technologies are unsuccessful or ineffective, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
          To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and
          features of our mobile apps and websites. The industries we operate in are characterized by rapid technological
          evolution, changes in customer requirements and preferences, frequent introductions of new products and
          services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices, any of
          which could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on
          our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond
          to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices, such as mobile internet, in a
          cost-effective and timely way. In recent years, we invested in the development of many new technologies
          and business initiatives, such as AI, big data and cloud. The development of websites, mobile apps and other
          proprietary technologies entails significant technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will
          be able to successfully develop or effectively use new technologies, recoup the costs of developing new
          technologies or adapt our websites, mobile apps, proprietary technologies and systems to meet customer
          requirements or emerging industry standards. If we are unable to develop technologies successfully or adapt
          in a cost-effective and timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements,
          whether for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
          operations may be materially and adversely affected.


          Customer growth and activity on mobile devices depends upon effective use of mobile operating
          systems, networks and standards that we do not control.
          Purchases using mobile devices by consumers generally, and by our customers specifically, have increased
          significantly, and we expect this trend to continue. To optimize the mobile shopping experience, we are
          somewhat dependent on our customers downloading our specific mobile apps for their particular devices as
          opposed to accessing our sites from an internet browser on their mobile device. As new mobile devices and
          platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing applications for
          these alternative devices and platforms, and we may need to devote significant resources to the development,
          support and maintenance of such applications. In addition, our future growth and our results of operations
          could suffer if we experience difficulties in the future in integrating our mobile apps into mobile devices or
          if problems arise with our relationships with providers of mobile operating systems or mobile app download
          stores, if our apps receive unfavorable treatment compared to competing apps on the download stores, or if
          we face increased costs to distribute or have customers use our mobile apps. We are further dependent on
          the interoperability of our sites with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as iOS
          and Android, and any changes in such systems that degrade the functionality of our sites or give preferential
          treatment to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our sites on mobile devices. In the event
          that it is more difficult for our customers to access and use our sites on their mobile devices, or if our customers
          choose not to access or to use our sites on their mobile devices or to use mobile products that do not offer
          access to our sites, our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition and operating
          results may be adversely affected.




52   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Our business is subject to complex and evolving Chinese and international laws and regulations
regarding data privacy and cybersecurity. Failure to protect confidential information of our customers
and network against security breaches could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm
our business and results of operations.
A significant challenge to the online retail industry is the secure storage of confidential information and its
secure transmission over public networks. Almost all of the orders and some of the payments for products we
offer are made through our websites and our mobile apps. In addition, some online payments for our products
are settled through third-party online payment services. We also share certain personal information about our
customers with third-party couriers, such as their names, addresses, phone numbers and transaction records.
In addition, with the rapid development of our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services, we have
accumulated a large volume of data, which covers customer’s browsing and consumption behavior information,
product manufacturing and sales information, warehousing and distribution information, customer service
information, among others. We also formed strategic partnerships with some leading mobile internet companies
to leverage their powerful big data resources, massive user bases and AI-driven technologies. Maintaining
complete security for the storage and transmission of confidential information on our technology platform
is essential to maintaining our operating efficiency and customer confidence as well as complying with the
applicable laws and standards.


We have adopted security policies and measures, including encryption technology, to protect our proprietary
data and customer information. However, advances in technology, the expertise of hackers, improper use or
sharing of data, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or developments could result in
a compromise or breach of the technology that we use to protect confidential information. We may not be
able to prevent third parties, especially hackers or other individuals or entities engaging in similar activities,
from illegally obtaining such confidential or private information we hold as a result of our customers’ visits to
our websites and use of our mobile apps. Such individuals or entities obtaining our customers’ confidential or
private information may further engage in various other illegal activities using such information. In addition, we
have limited control or influence over the security policies or measures adopted by business partners including
strategic partners or third-party providers of online payment services through which some of our customers may
choose to make payment for purchases. The third-party couriers we use may also violate their confidentiality
obligations and disclose or use information about our customers illegally. Any negative publicity on our websites’
or mobile apps’ safety or privacy protection mechanisms and policies, and any claims asserted against us or
fines imposed upon us as a result of actual or perceived failures, could have a material and adverse effect on
our public image, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. We have experienced breaches of
our information security measures in the past due to external causes beyond our control, such as a leak of user
account information from the China Software Developer Network (CSDN) in 2011, although none of the past
breaches individually or in the aggregate was material to our business or operations. We cannot assure you that
similar events will not occur in the future. If we give third parties greater access to our technology platform in
the future as part of providing more technology services to third-party merchants and others, it may become
more challenging for us to ensure the security of our systems. Any compromise of our information security or
the information security measures of our third-party couriers or third-party online payment service providers




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        53
     Part I (Continued)




          or other business partners could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects,
          financial condition and results of operations. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and
          security of personal information by companies operating over the internet and mobile platforms are under
          increased public scrutiny.


          As the regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity are quickly evolving in China and globally, we
          may become subject to new laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of
          personal or consumer information that could affect how we store, process and share data with our customers,
          suppliers and third-party merchants.


          On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the PRC
          Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law, among others, provides
          for a security review procedure for the data activities that may affect national security. Furthermore, the
          Cybersecurity Review Measures (2020), which became effective on June 1, 2020, set forth the cybersecurity
          review mechanism for critical information infrastructure operators, and provided that critical information
          infrastructure operators who intend to purchase internet products and services that affect or may affect
          national security shall be subject to a cybersecurity review. On July 30, 2021, the state council promulgated the
          Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, which became effective on September 1, 2021.
          Pursuant to the Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, critical information infrastructure
          shall mean an important network facility and information system in important industries such as, among others,
          public communications and information services, as well as other important network facilities and information
          systems that may seriously endanger national security, the national economy, the people’s livelihood, or the
          public interests in the event of damage, loss of function, or data leakage. In addition, relevant administration
          departments of each critical industry and sector, shall be responsible to formulate eligibility criteria and
          determine the critical information infrastructure operator in the respective industry or sector. Furthermore,
          the exact scope of “critical information infrastructure operators” under the current regulatory regime remains
          unclear, and the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement
          of these laws. Therefore, it is uncertain whether we would be deemed as a critical information infrastructure
          operator under PRC law.


          On December 28, 2021, the CAC, the National Development and Reform Commission, or NDRC, the Ministry
          of Industry and Information Technology, or MIIT, and several other PRC government authorities jointly issued
          the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February
          15, 2022 and replaced the Cybersecurity Review Measures (2020). Such Measures further restate and expand
          the applicable scope of the cybersecurity review. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, critical
          information infrastructure operators that procure internet products and services and network platform operators
          engaging in data processing activities must be subject to the cybersecurity review if their activities affect or
          may affect national security. Since the Cybersecurity Review Measures are relatively new and provide no further
          explanation or interpretation on the determination of “affecting national security,” there remain uncertainties as
          to whether our data processing activities may be deemed to affect national security.




54   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




If we are deemed as a critical information infrastructure operator under the PRC cybersecurity laws and
regulations, we must fulfill certain obligations as required under the PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations,
including, among others, storing personal information and important data collected and produced within the
PRC territory during our operations in China, which we have fulfilled in our business, and we may be subject to
review when purchasing internet products and services.


Further, the Cybersecurity Review Measures stipulate that network platform operators holding personal
information of over one million users must apply to the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review
before public offering on a foreign stock exchange. Although our securities have been listed on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, given the Cybersecurity Review Measures are
relatively new, there are substantial uncertainties as to the interpretation, application, and enforcement of the
Cybersecurity Review Measures and how it will affect our business.


On July 7, 2022, the CAC promulgated the Security Assessment Measures for Outbound Data Transfer, or the
Security Assessment Measures, which became effective on September 1, 2022. The Security Assessment
Measures provide for the circumstances under which a data processor shall be subject to security assessment,
including (i) where a data processor provides important data abroad; (ii) where a critical information infrastructure
operator or a data processor that processes personal information of more than one million individuals provides
personal information abroad; (iii) where a data processor that has exported personal information of over
100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information of over 10,000 individuals in total since January 1 of the
previous year provides personal information abroad; and (iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC. We
have applied to CAC for security assessment of outbound data transfer according to the Security Assessment
Measures.


On November 14, 2021, the CAC published a discussion draft of the Administrative Measures for Internet
Data Security, or the Draft Measures for Internet Data Security. The Draft Measures for Internet Data Security
provides that data processors refer to individuals or organizations that autonomously determine the purpose
and the manner of processing data. In accordance with the Draft Measures for Internet Data Security, data
processors shall apply for a cybersecurity review for certain activities. See “Information on the Company —
Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Information Security” for details. The Draft
Measures for Internet Data Security remains unclear on whether the relevant requirements will be applicable
to companies that have been listed in the United States and Hong Kong, such as us. There is no timetable as
to when the Draft Measures for Internet Data Security will be enacted. We cannot predict the impact of the
Draft Measures for Internet Data Security, if any, at this stage, and we will closely monitor and assess any
development in the rule-making process. As of the date of this annual report, we have not been involved in any
formal investigations on cybersecurity review made by the CAC or relevant regulatory authorities based on the
Draft Measures for Internet Data Security. However, if we are not able to comply with the cybersecurity and
network data security requirements in a timely manner, or at all, we may be subject to government enforcement
actions and investigations, fines, penalties, suspension of our non-compliant operations, or removal of our app
from the relevant application stores, among other sanctions, which could materially and adversely affect our
business and results of operations. In addition to the cybersecurity review, the Draft Measures for Internet




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         55
     Part I (Continued)




          Data Security requires that data processors processing “important data” or listed overseas shall conduct an
          annual data security assessment by itself or commission a data security service provider to do so, and submit
          the assessment report of the preceding year to the municipal cybersecurity department by the end of January
          each year. As advised by our PRC legal counsel, if a final version of the Draft Measures for Internet Data
          Security is adopted, we may be subject to review when conducting data processing activities and annual data
          security assessment and may face challenges in addressing its requirements and make necessary changes to
          our internal policies and practices in data processing. As advised by our PRC legal counsel, we are not required
          to file an application for the cybersecurity review by CAC for our previous issuance of securities to foreign
          investors as of the date of this annual report because (i) the relevant regulations do not require data processors
          which process personal information of over one million users to file a supplementary application of cybersecurity
          review for their previous issuance of securities to foreign investors that occurred before the effective date of
          such regulations; and (ii) our securities have already been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the
          Hong Kong Stock Exchange before such regulations became effective. Thus, our PRC legal counsel does not
          expect that, as of the date of this annual report, we are required to file an application for the cybersecurity
          review by CAC for our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors.

          On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the
          Personal Information Protection Law, which integrates the scattered rules with respect to personal information
          rights and privacy protection and took effect on November 1, 2021. Our mobile apps and websites only collect
          basic user personal information that is necessary to provide the corresponding services. We do not collect any
          sensitive personal information or other excessive personal information that is not related to the corresponding
          services. We update our privacy policies from time to time to meet the latest regulatory requirements of
          the CAC and other authorities and adopt technical measures to protect data and ensure cybersecurity in a
          systematic way. Nonetheless, the Personal Information Protection Law raises the protection requirements for
          processing personal information, and many specific requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law
          remain to be clarified by the CAC, other regulatory authorities, and courts in practice. We may be required to
          make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with the personal information protection laws and
          regulations. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulations.”

          These laws and regulations and the PRC Civil Code (which took effect on January 1, 2021 and also includes
          certain data-related rules) are relatively new and subject to interpretation by the regulators. Although we only
          gain access to user information that is necessary for, and relevant to, the services provided, the data we obtain
          and use may include information that is deemed as “personal information”, “network data” or “important data”
          under the PRC Cyber Security Law, the Civil Code and related data privacy and protection laws and regulations.
          As such, we have adopted a series of measures to ensure that we comply with relevant laws and regulations
          in the collection, use, disclosure, sharing, storage, and security of user information and other data. The Data
          Security Law also stipulates that the relevant authorities will formulate the catalogues for important data and
          strengthen the protection of important data, and state core data, i.e. data having a bearing on national security,
          the lifelines of national economy, people’s key livelihood and major public interests, shall be subject to stricter
          management system. “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulations.” The exact scopes
          of important data and state core data remain unclear and may be subject to further interpretation. If any data
          that we are in possession of constitutes important data or state core data, we may be required to adopt stricter
          measures for protection and management of such data.

56   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




In addition, we may need to comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to
protect business and personal data in the U.S., Europe, Hong Kong and elsewhere. For example, the European
Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, which became effective on May 25,
2018. The GDPR imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and
provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Compliance with existing, proposed
and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements called for under
GDPR) and regulations can be costly; any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us
to legal and reputational risks. In addition, to the extent we have accessed personal data in Hong Kong in
our operations, such as retail business, we have been in compliance with relevant laws and regulations in
Hong Kong regarding data security, such as the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and the Unsolicited Electronic
Messages Ordinance which impose protocols and obligations regarding the handling of personal data including
that, among other things, (i) personal data shall be collected for a lawful purpose, necessary and not excessive,
(ii) personal data shall be collected by means that are lawful and fair in the circumstances of the case, and
(iii) the person from whom personal data is collected is informed of the purpose of collecting the data. We
believe that the laws and regulations in Hong Kong regarding data security do not have a material impact on
our business as of the date of this annual report. However, to the extent that certain laws and regulations in
Hong Kong were to result in additional oversight over data security that impacts our business in Hong Kong, we
may be required to incur additional cost to ensure our compliance to such laws and regulations, and any violation
could result in a material adverse impact on our business, reputation and results of operations.


We generally comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our own privacy policies.
Compliance with any additional laws could be expensive, and may place restrictions on the conduct of our
business and the manner in which we interact with our customers. Any failure to comply with applicable
regulations could also result in regulatory enforcement actions against us, and misuse of or failure to secure
personal information could also result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations, proceedings against us by
governmental authorities or other authorities, damage to our reputation and credibility and could have a negative
impact on revenues and profits.


Significant capital and other resources may be required to protect against information security breaches or
to alleviate problems caused by such breaches or to comply with our privacy policies or privacy-related legal
obligations. The resources required may increase over time as the methods used by hackers and others
engaged in online criminal activities are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. Any failure or
perceived failure by us to prevent information security breaches or to comply with privacy policies or privacy-
related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of
personally identifiable information or other customer data, could cause our customers to lose trust in us and
could expose us to legal claims. Any perception by the public that online transactions or the privacy of user
information are becoming increasingly unsafe or vulnerable to attacks could inhibit the growth of online retail and
other online services generally, which may reduce the number of orders we receive.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        57
     Part I (Continued)




          The wide variety of payment methods that we accept subjects us to third-party payment processing-
          related risks.
          We accept payments using a variety of methods, including payment on delivery, bank transfers, online payments
          through various third-party online payment platforms such as Weixin Pay, UnionPay and JD Pay. For certain
          payment methods, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating
          costs and lower our profit margins. We may also be subject to fraud and other illegal activities in connection
          with the various payment methods we offer, including online payment and cash on delivery options. Although
          we deliver a majority of the orders directly to customers ourselves, we use third-party couriers during peak
          seasons to supplement our delivery force. Given some customers choose the cash-on-delivery option when they
          place their orders online, the delivery personnel of our third-party couriers collect payments on our behalf, and
          we require the third-party couriers to remit the payment collected to us on the following day. If these companies
          fail to remit the payment collected to us in a timely fashion or at all, if they become unwilling or unable to
          provide these services to us, or if their service quality deteriorates, our business could be disrupted. We are also
          subject to various rules, regulations and requirements governing electronic funds transfers, both in China and
          globally, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply with. If we
          fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose
          our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers or
          facilitate other types of online payments, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
          materially and adversely affected.


          Our delivery, return and exchange policies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
          We have adopted shipping policies that do not necessarily pass the full cost of shipping on to our customers.
          We also have adopted customer-friendly return and exchange policies that make it convenient and easy for
          customers to change their minds after completing purchases. We may also be required by law to adopt new
          or amend existing return and exchange policies from time to time. For example, pursuant to the amended
          Consumer Protection Law, which became effective in March 2014, except for certain types of products, such
          as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable goods, consumers are generally entitled to return the products
          purchased within seven days upon receipt without giving any reasons when they purchase the products from
          business operators on the internet. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation —
          Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer Protection and Operation Safety.” These policies improve
          customers’ shopping experience and promote customer loyalty, which in turn help us acquire and retain
          customers. However, these policies also subject us to additional costs and expenses which we may not
          recoup through increased revenue. Our ability to handle a large volume of returns is unproven. If our return and
          exchange policy is misused by a significant number of customers, our costs may increase significantly and our
          results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If we revise these policies to reduce our costs
          and expenses, our customers may be dissatisfied, which may result in loss of existing customers or failure to
          acquire new customers at a desirable pace, which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.




58   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




The offline fresh food markets operated under our 7FRESH brand rely heavily on sales of perishable
products, and ordering errors or product supply disruptions may have an adverse impact on its
profitability and operating results.
Our offline fresh food markets rely on various suppliers and vendors to provide and deliver our perishable
product inventory promptly on an ongoing basis. We could suffer significant product inventory losses in the
event of the loss of a major supplier or vendor, disruption of our distribution network, extended power outages,
natural disasters or other catastrophic occurrences. We have implemented certain systems to ensure our
ordering is in line with demand. We cannot assure you, however, that our ordering system will always work
efficiently, in particular in connection with the opening of new stores, which have no, or a limited, ordering
history. If we were to over-order, we could suffer inventory losses, which would negatively impact our operating
results.


We may experience negative impact on our reputation due to real or perceived quality or health issues
with the food products sold at our offline fresh food markets, which could have an adverse impact on
our operating results.
Customers of our offline fresh food markets expect us to provide them with fresh, high-quality food products.
Concerns regarding the safety of our food products or the safety and quality of our food supply chain could
cause shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of food, even if
the basis for the concern is outside of our control. Negative publicity about these concerns, whether or not
ultimately based on facts, and whether or not involving products sold at our stores, could discourage consumers
from buying our products and have an adverse impact on our operating results. Furthermore, sales of food
products entails inherent risks of product liability claims, product recall and the resulting negative publicity. Food
products containing contaminants could be inadvertently distributed by us and, if processing by the consumers
level does not eliminate them, these contaminants could result in illness or death. We cannot assure you that
product liability claims will not be asserted against us or that we will not be obligated to perform product recalls
or held liable in the future.


Any loss in confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. Any such
adverse impact could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of fresh, high-quality food
products and could significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any food items sold by
us, regardless of the cause, could have a material and adverse impact on our sales and operating results.


Our 7FRESH brand may be unable to keep existing store locations, open new stores in desirable places
on favorable terms or compete successfully with other retailers, which could materially and adversely
affect its results of operations.
Our 7FRESH brand’s growth strategy includes opening and operating offline fresh food stores at suitable
locations. The implementation of this strategy depends on finding suitable locations. In addition, we compete
with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and zoning regulations, environmental
regulations and other regulatory requirements may affect our ability to find suitable locations and have an impact
on the cost of constructing, renovating and operating our stores. Real estate, zoning, construction and other
delays may adversely affect store openings and renovations and increase our costs. Moreover, changing local




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         59
     Part I (Continued)




          demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.
          The termination or expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of
          those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. If we determine to close or
          relocate a store subject to a lease, we may remain obligated under the lease for the remainder of the lease term.


          Furthermore, our offline fresh food stores face increasing competition from other retailers in various aspects,
          including, among others, pricing, selection, quality and availability of product offering, store hours, in-store
          amenities, shopping convenience and overall shopping experience. If we operate our stores at locations not
          suitable for our growth strategy, or if we are unable to maintain our existing store locations, open new stores in
          desirable places and on favorable terms or compete successfully with other retailers, the results of operations of
          our 7FRESH brand could be materially and adversely affected.


          If JD Technology is unable to successfully manage its business or conflicts that could arise between us
          and JD Technology are not resolved in our favor, our business, financial condition, results of operations
          and prospects could be materially and adversely affected as a result.
          In June 2020, we entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which we have, through a
          consolidated PRC domestic company, acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by
          converting our profit sharing right pursuant to the framework between us and JD Technology and investing
          additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in JD Technology. The framework agreement, including the profit-sharing
          arrangement between JD Technology and us, was terminated, and JD Technology has become our equity
          method investee. In connection with the acquisition of equity interests in JD Technology, we have entered into
          a series of agreements with JD Technology which set forth the rights of JD as a shareholder. On March 31,
          2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization of our cloud
          computing and artificial intelligence business. Upon completion of this transaction on March 31, 2021, our equity
          interest in JD Technology has increased to 41.7%.


          JD Technology currently provides us with certain payment services on a non-exclusive basis and other services
          to us. If JD Technology will not be able to successfully manage its risks such as credit risks, its ability to
          continue to deliver payment and other services to us may be undermined. In such event, JD Technology might
          seek to amend the terms of its agreements and arrangements with us, which could potentially result in a
          conflict of interest. Other conflicts of interest between us and JD Technology may arise relating to commercial
          or strategic opportunities or initiatives. Although we and JD Technology have each agreed to certain non-
          competition undertakings, we cannot assure you that JD Technology would not pursue opportunities to provide
          services to our competitors or other opportunities that would conflict with our interests. If JD Technology
          is unable to successfully manage its business or conflicts of interest that could arise between us and JD
          Technology are not resolved in our favor, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
          could be materially and adversely affected.


          In addition, we continue to license certain of our intellectual properties, including our “JD” brand and related
          trademarks and domain names to JD Technology. Because of JD Technology’s ability to continue to use our
          brand, our close association with JD Technology and overlapping user base, events that negatively affect




60   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




JD Technology, for example, alleged engagement in inappropriate activities, involvement in any legal or
administrative proceedings, or negative publicity, could also negatively affect customers’, regulators’ and other
third parties’ perception of us and our JD brand, harm our credibility and reputation and adversely affect our
business.


JD Logistics, our subsidiary that is a technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services
provider, is subject to risks associated with provision of integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
services and operations.
JD Logistics, our subsidiary that is a technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services provider,
is subject to risks associated with provision of integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services and
operations, including, but not limited to, the following:


•   potential disruptions to the operation of the warehousing and logistics facilities operated by us or other
    third-party transportation companies and couriers that facilitate our logistics services, or to the development
    of new warehousing and logistics facilities;


•   risk that our customers may reduce their expenditure on third-party supply chain solutions and logistics
    services or increase utilization of their internal solutions;


•   tightening of the labor market, increases in labor costs or any labor unrest, as we operate in a labor-
    intensive industry;


•   failure to maintain positive relationships with our third-party logistics service providers;


•   risks associated with the items we deliver and the contents of shipments and inventories handled through
    our logistics networks, including real or perceived quality or health issues with the products that are handled
    through our logistics networks; and


•   risks inherent in the logistics industry, including personal injury, product damage, and transportation-related
    incidents.

The occurrence of any such risks may damage the business and reputation of JD Logistics, and may have a
material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.


JD Health, our healthcare subsidiary, is subject to risks associated with the marketing, distributing,
selling and regulation of pharmaceutical and healthcare products.
JD Health, our healthcare subsidiary, is subject to certain risks associated with the marketing, distributing and
selling of pharmaceutical and other health and wellness products, as well as provision of medical and related
services, including, but not limited to, the following:


•   inability to successfully execute effective advertising, marketing and promotional activities necessary to
    maintain and increase the awareness of JD Health and the products and services it offers;



                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022      61
     Part I (Continued)




          •    failure to implement effective pricing and other strategies in response to intense market competition in the
               pharmaceutical industry in China;


          •    inability to upgrade intelligent healthcare solutions in response to changing consumer demand and
               preference;


          •    inability to stock adequate supply of pharmaceutical and healthcare products that customers desire;


          •    potential medical liability claims in connection with our online healthcare services;


          •    potential penalties or disputes against us for failure to manage our in-house medical team and external
               doctors;


          •    failure of in-house medical team or external doctors to provide adequate and proper medical services on our
               platform;


          •    inability to obtain and maintain regulatory or governmental permits, approvals and clearances, or to pass
               PRC government inspections; and


          •    the risk of, and resulting liability from, any contamination, injury or other harm caused by any use, misuse,
               misdiagnosis or side-effects involving products distributed or services provided by JD Health.

          The occurrence of any such risks may damage the business and reputation of JD Health, and may have an
          adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.


          Furthermore, laws and regulations regarding pharmaceutical and healthcare industry in China are strict
          and extensive. Violation of relevant laws and regulations may result in harsh penalties and, under certain
          circumstances, lead to criminal prosecution. Meanwhile, regulations of both internet industry and its internet
          healthcare sector are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant
          uncertainty. As a result, it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions would be deemed in violation
          of applicable laws and regulations. Due to the uncertainty and complexity of the regulatory environment, we
          cannot assure you that JD Health would always be in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the
          violation of which may have adverse effect on its brand reputation and business. Compliance with future laws
          and regulations may require JD Health to change its business models and practices at an undeterminable and
          possibly significant financial cost. These additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which
          may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




62   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




JD Property faces challenges relating to the macroeconomic environment, the market condition and its
own business development.
JD Property, our subsidiary which is a leading and the fastest-growing platform for developing and managing
modern infrastructure, consisting primarily of logistics parks, as well as business parks and others, in China
and Asia, faces challenges relating to the macroeconomic environment, the market condition and certain
characteristics of its current operations. These challenges include, but are not limited to:


•   fluctuations in the macroeconomic environment. The market demand for logistics facilities generally reflects
    conditions in the Chinese economy. If the general economy slows, the demand for logistics properties
    will decrease and the vacancy rate will increase, resulting in a more competitive market environment for
    JD Property;


•   concentration risk of business operations. External clients currently account for a relatively small portion of
    JD Property’s client base. Its business growth largely depends on the demand of JD Logistics and other
    affiliated companies. Moreover, because the primary business focus of JD Property is on industrial park
    and logistics properties, slowdown in such business area may have a greater impact on its business than if
    JD Property had more diversified operation in the development of different types of properties; and


•   uncertainties in the overseas market. JD Property’s venture into the overseas market, such as the
    Southeast Asian market, faces challenges inherent in conducting cross-board business, including cultural
    differences, complexity of local regulatory environment, political stability and communication with local
    clients and business partners, among other things.

If JD Property’s business cannot continue to grow despite these challenges, our financial condition and results
of operations may be adversely affected.


JD Industrials faces challenges relating to the provision of industrial supply chain technology and
service.
JD Industrials faces challenges as a leading industrial supply chain technology and service provider in China.
These challenges include, but are not limited to:


•   abilities to expand customer base and maintain satisfactory customer experience. The success of
    JD Industrials depends on its ability to provide superior industrial supply chain technology and service
    to expand its customer base, which in turn depends on factors such as its ability to offer high-quality
    industrial products and services, optimize the product and service offerings in response to the diverse and
    evolving demand of its customers, expand and maintain relationships with its customers and suppliers,
    offer timely and reliable fulfillment service, develop industrial technology solutions and intelligent
    services, and recommend suitable products and services to its customers. As many of JD Industrials’
    customers are corporate customers who make bulk purchases, failure to expand its customer base and
    maintain satisfactory customer experience will adversely affect the business and results of operations of
    JD Industrials;




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022     63
     Part I (Continued)




          •    Uncertainties relating to the market where it operates. The industrial supply chain technology and service
               market is still in its early stage of development in China, which may not develop into the stage and scale
               as expected. The long-term viability and prospects of digitalizing the industrial supply chain in China remain
               untested and subject to significant uncertainties. If JD Industrials are not able to successfully implement its
               business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics, its future operation performance
               and financial results will deteriorate; and


          •    risks relating to the fulfillment of industrial products. JD Industrials contract with third-party warehousing
               and logistics service providers to store and deliver a large portion of the industrial products it sells. It may
               not be able to enforce effective control over the logistic service provided directly by its suppliers or other
               third-party logistics providers, and JD Industrials’ ability to conduct business and the quality of its services
               may be negatively affected. Its fulfillment of industrial products may also be vulnerable to damages caused
               by fire, flood, power outage, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquake, human error and other
               events, which may cause more serious disruptions to JD Industrials’ business given the nature of certain
               industrial products.


          If JD Industrials’ business were negatively impacted by these challenges to a material extent, our financial
          condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.


          Our use of some leased properties could be challenged by third parties or government authorities, which
          may cause interruptions to our business operations.
          A small portion of the lessors of our leased warehouses, leased offices, and leased delivery stations and pickup
          stations have not provided us with their property ownership certificates or any other documentation proving
          their right to lease those properties to us. If our lessors (including the lessors of our 7FRESH offline fresh food
          stores) are not the owners of the properties and they have not obtained consents from the owners or their
          lessors or permits from the relevant government authorities, our leases could be invalidated. If this occurs, we
          may have to renegotiate the leases with the owners or the parties who have the right to lease the properties,
          and the terms of the new leases may be less favorable to us. Some of the leased properties were also subject
          to mortgage at the time the leases were entered into. Such lease may not be binding on the transferee of the
          property in the event that the mortgage holder forecloses on the mortgage and transfers the property to another
          party. In addition, a substantial portion of our leasehold interests in leased properties have not been registered
          with the relevant PRC government authorities as required by PRC law, which may expose us to potential fines
          if we fail to remediate after receiving any notice from the relevant PRC government authorities. Also, in the
          event that the actual use of our leased properties is inconsistent with the use registered on the land use right
          certificate or our leased properties are on allocated land, the competent authorities may require the lessors to
          return the land and impose fines on the lessors, or confiscate the proceeds from the leasing of the properties
          and impose fines on the lessor if such properties are leased without their consent or handing in such income, as
          applicable. Therefore, the relevant lease agreements may be deemed to be in breach of the law and therefore
          be void.




64   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




As of the date of this annual report, we are not aware of any material claims or actions being contemplated or
initiated by government authorities, property owners or any other third parties with respect to our leasehold
interests in or use of such properties.


However, we cannot assure you that our use of such leased properties will not be challenged. In the event that
our use of properties is successfully challenged, we may be subject to fines and forced to relocate the affected
operations. In addition, we may become involved in disputes with the property owners or third parties who
otherwise have rights to or interests in our leased properties. We can provide no assurance that we will be able
to find suitable replacement sites on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis, or at all, or that we will not be
subject to material liability resulting from third parties’ challenges on our use of such properties. As a result, our
business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


Failure to renew our current leases or locate desirable alternatives for our facilities could materially and
adversely affect our business.
We lease properties for our offices, customer service center, warehouses, sorting centers, and delivery and
pickup stations. We may not be able to successfully extend or renew such leases upon expiration of the
current term on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and may therefore be forced to relocate our affected
operations. This could disrupt our operations and result in significant relocation expenses, which could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we compete with
other businesses for premises at certain locations or of desirable sizes. As a result, even though we could
extend or renew our leases, rental payments may significantly increase as a result of the high demand for the
leased properties. In addition, we may not be able to locate desirable alternative sites for our facilities as our
business continues to grow and failure in relocating our affected operations could materially and adversely affect
our business and operations.


We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations. Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or
permits applicable to our business or any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations may have
a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business is subject to governmental supervision and regulation by the relevant PRC governmental
authorities, including the State Administration for Market Regulation (formerly known as the State Administration
for Industry and Commerce), or SAMR, the NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the MIIT, the CAC, the Ministry
of Transport, the State Post Bureau and the People’s Bank of China, or the PBOC, among others. Together,
these government authorities promulgate and enforce regulations that cover many aspects of the operation
of the online retail, courier and road freight transportation industries, including entry into these industries,
the scope of permissible business activities, licenses and permits for various business activities, and foreign
investment. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to
Foreign Investment” and “— Licenses and Permits.”




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         65
     Part I (Continued)




          Under PRC law, an entity operating courier services across multiple provinces must obtain a cross-provincial
          Courier Service Operation Permit and conduct its courier services within the permitted scope as indicated in
          the permit. Furthermore, any entity engaging in road freight transportation services in China must obtain a Road
          Transportation Operation Permit from the relevant road transportation administrative authorities. We operate a
          nationwide road freight transportation and delivery network. As of December 31, 2022, we had Courier Service
          Operation Permits that allow Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd. (Jingbangda), a subsidiary of Xi’an Jingdong
          Xincheng, one of the consolidated variable interest entities providing logistics services, and the subsidiaries of
          Jingbangda, to operate an express delivery business in 31 provinces and 448 cities in China. As of December
          31, 2022, Jingbangda and its relevant subsidiaries had obtained Courier Service Operation Permits. As of the
          same date, among other entities, Xi’an Jingdong Xuncheng and its relevant branches and subsidiaries, and
          Jingbangda and its relevant branches and subsidiaries had obtained Road Transportation Operation Permits that
          allow these entities to provide road freight transportation services. We are in the process of making filings with
          local postal administrations for express delivery terminal outlets of the subsidiaries of Jingbangda. However, we
          cannot assure you that we can obtain such permits and licenses in a timely manner, or at all, due to complex
          procedural requirements and policies.


          In addition, we issue one type of prepaid cards which may be used to buy the products and services sold on
          our mobile apps and websites. Due to licensing requirements, currently such prepaid cards can only be used to
          purchase products and services directly sold by us.


          There may be some defects with respect to the process of establishing certain of our indirect subsidiaries
          in China. Certain subsidiaries of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China were established without
          obtaining the prior approval from the relevant government authorities that supervise the relevant industries, and
          some obtain the relevant permits from the government authority at a level lower than as required. We have
          not received any notice of warning or been subject to penalties or other disciplinary action from the relevant
          governmental authorities with respect to these defects. However, we cannot assure you that the relevant
          governmental authorities would not require us to obtain the approvals, or the permits from proper level of
          government authorities to cure the defects, or take any other actions retrospectively in the future. If the relevant
          government authorities require us to cure such defects, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the
          approvals, or the permits from proper level of government authorities, in a timely manner or at all.


          We provide payment by installments to certain qualified customers for purchasing relevant products sold on
          our websites. These payment services may be deemed to be providing consumer loans. If so, an approval for
          consumer finance company from the relevant authority is required, and we cannot assure you that we can obtain
          such approval in a timely manner, or at all.


          If the PRC government considers that we were operating without the proper approvals, licenses or permits,
          it has the power, among other things, to levy fines, confiscate our income, revoke our business licenses, and
          require us to discontinue our relevant business or impose restrictions on the affected portion of our business.
          Any of these actions by the PRC government may have a material and adverse effect on our results of
          operations.




66   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




The e-commerce industry, and online retail in particular, is highly regulated by the PRC government. For
example, the Price Law of the People’s Republic of China prohibits a business operator from committing the
specified unlawful pricing activities, such as dumping products at price below cost for the purpose of driving out
rivals or monopolizing the market, using false or misleading prices to deceive consumers to transact, colluding
with others to manipulate the market price, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators.
We are required to obtain various licenses and permits from different regulatory authorities in order to distribute
certain categories of products on our mobile apps and websites. See “Information on the Company — Business
Overview — Regulation — Licenses and Permits.” We have made great efforts to obtain all the applicable
licenses and permits, but due to the large number of products sold on our mobile apps and websites, we may
not always be able to do so and we were penalized by governmental authorities for selling products without
proper licenses. As we increase our product selection, we may also become subject to new or existing laws and
regulations that did not affect us before.


As online retail is evolving rapidly in China, new laws and regulations may be adopted from time to time to
require additional licenses and permits other than those we currently have, and to address new issues that
arise from time to time. For example, in August 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s
Congress promulgated the E-Commerce Law, which became effective on January 1, 2019. The E-Commerce
Law imposes a number of new requirements and obligations on e-commerce platform operators. In addition, on
March 15, 2021, the SAMR promulgated the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online Trading,
which took effect from May 1, 2021 and became an important departmental regulation for the implementation
of the E-commerce Law. We have adopted a series of measures to comply with such requires under the
E-Commerce Law. We cannot assure you, however, that our current business operations meet the requirements
under the E-Commerce Law in all respects. If the PRC governmental authorities determine that we are not in
compliance with all the requirements under the E-Commerce Law and other applicable laws and rules, we may
be subject to fines and/or other sanctions. As a result, substantial uncertainties exist regarding the interpretation
and implementation of PRC laws and regulations applicable to online retail businesses. If we are unable to
maintain and renew one or more of our licenses and certificates when their current term expires, or obtain
such renewals on commercially reasonable terms, our operations could be disrupted. If the PRC government
requires additional licenses or permits or provides stricter supervision requirements in the future in order for us
to conduct our businesses, there is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain such licenses or permits or
meet all the supervision requirements in a timely manner, or at all.


We have granted, and may continue to grant, restricted share units and other types of awards under
our Share Incentive Plan and our consolidated subsidiaries’ share incentive plans, which may result in
increased share-based compensation expenses.
We have adopted a share incentive plan, or our Share Incentive Plan, to provide additional incentives to
employees, directors and consultants. In May 2015, with approval of our board of directors, Mr. Liu was granted
an option to acquire a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of our company, at an exercise price of
US$16.70 per share or US$33.40 per ADS, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the award vested
on each anniversary of the grant date. We incurred share-based compensation expenses of RMB104 million,
RMB73 million and RMB54 million (US$8 million) in connection with this grant of option to Mr. Liu in 2020,




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         67
     Part I (Continued)




          2021 and 2022, respectively. In addition, with the approvals of our board of directors and the board of directors
          of JD Logistics, JD Health, JD Property and JD Industrials, respectively, each of these companies approved
          and adopted their own share incentive plans, under which certain share-based awards were granted to Mr. Liu.
          See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation — Share Incentive Plan” for a detailed
          discussion.


          For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, we recorded an aggregate of RMB4,156 million,
          RMB9,134 million and RMB7,548 million (US$1,095 million), respectively, in share-based compensation
          expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the awards in our Share Incentive Plan that had been granted to our
          directors, officers, employees and consultants and remained outstanding included (i) restricted share units
          to receive an aggregate of 71,641,054 ordinary shares, excluding restricted share units that were forfeited,
          cancelled, or vested after the relevant grant date, and (ii) options to purchase an aggregate of 19,314,136
          ordinary shares, excluding options that were forfeited, cancelled, or exercised after the relevant grant date. We
          believe the granting of share-based awards is of significant importance to our ability to attract and retain key
          personnel and employees, and we will continue to grant share-based awards to employees in the future. As
          a result, our expenses associated with share-based compensation may increase, which may have an adverse
          effect on our results of operations.


          Our results of operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations.
          We experience seasonality in our business, reflecting a combination of traditional retail seasonality patterns and
          new patterns associated with online retail in particular. For example, we generally experience less user traffic
          and purchase orders during national holidays in China, particularly during the Chinese New Year holiday season
          in the first quarter of each year. Furthermore, sales in the traditional retail industry are significantly higher in the
          fourth quarter of each calendar year than in the preceding three quarters.


          E-commerce companies in China hold special promotional campaigns on November 11 each year, and we hold
          a special promotional campaign in the second quarter of each year, on June 18, to celebrate the anniversary
          of the founding of our business, both of which can affect our results for those quarters. Overall, the historical
          seasonality of our business has been relatively mild due to the rapid growth we have experienced and may
          increase further in the future. Our financial condition and results of operations for future periods may continue
          to fluctuate. As a result, the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fluctuate from time to
          time due to seasonality.


          We may need additional capital, and financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
          Although we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents and anticipated cash flow from operations will
          be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next 12 months, we may also require additional cash
          resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any changes in our
          account payable policy, marketing initiatives or investments we may decide to pursue. If these resources are
          insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to obtain a credit facility or sell additional equity or
          debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution of our existing shareholders. The
          incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and
          financing covenants that would restrict our operations. For example, the unsecured senior notes we issued in


68   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




April 2016 and January 2020 both contain covenants including limitation on liens and restriction on consolidation,
merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and our term and revolving credit facilities we entered
into in 2021 and 2022 contain covenants that impose certain minimum financial performance requirements on
us and that might restrict our ability to raise additional debt. It is uncertain whether financing will be available
in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In addition, any difficulty or failure to meet our liquidity needs
as and when needed can have a material adverse effect on our prospects. A large balance of indebtedness may
require that we devote our financial resources to servicing such debt rather than funding our operating activities,
which constrains our capital flexibility and may in turn adversely affect our results of operation. It may also be a
challenge for us to service our interest and principal repayments in a timely manner or at all, which could trigger
cross-defaults with other debt, as applicable, as well as limit our ability to obtain further debt financing.


Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness or enforcement of our obligations under any
guarantee or other similar arrangement could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.
As of December 31, 2022, we had long-term debt obligations of RMB31.1 billion (US$4.5 billion). Under the
terms of our indebtedness and under any debt financing arrangement that we may enter into in the future,
we are, and may be in the future, subject to covenants that could, among other things, restrict our business
and operations. If we breach any of these covenants, our lenders under our credit facilities and holders of our
unsecured senior notes will be entitled to accelerate our debt obligations. Any default under our credit facilities
or unsecured senior notes could require that we repay these debts prior to maturity as well as limit our ability
to obtain additional financing, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity. In
addition, enforcement against us under any guarantee and other similar arrangements we may enter into in the
future could materially and adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.


Changes affecting the availability of the London Inter-bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) may have consequences
for us that cannot yet be reasonably predicted.
We have outstanding debt with variable interest rates based on LIBOR. In December 2017, we entered into a
five-year US$1.0 billion term and revolving credit facility with a group of 24 arrangers. This credit facility was
priced at 115 basis points over LIBOR. The outstanding amounts drawn under the facility were repaid in April
2022. In December 2021, we entered into a five-year US$2.0 billion unsecured term and revolving loan facility
with five lead arrangers. The term and revolving loans under this loan facility were initially priced at 85 basis
points over LIBOR and then amended to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) in September 2022. As
of the date of this annual report, US$1.0 billion of this loan facility had been drawn down and outstanding, which
is due in 2027.


The LIBOR benchmark has been the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and
proposals to reform. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates
LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, the Financial
Conduct Authority, and administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration, Limited, announced that the publication
of the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR maturities and non-USD LIBOR maturities will cease immediately
after December 31, 2021, with the remaining USD LIBOR maturities ceasing immediately after June 30,
2023. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022        69
     Part I (Continued)




          committee comprised of, among other entities, large U.S. financial institutions, is considering replacing
          U.S. dollar LIBOR with a new index that measures the cost of borrowing cash overnight, backed by U.S.
          Treasury securities (“SOFR”). SOFR is observed and backward-looking, which stands in contrast with LIBOR
          under the current methodology, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on
          the expert judgment of submitting panel members. Whether or not SOFR attains market traction as a LIBOR
          replacement rate remains in question. Since LIBOR will no longer exist, we may need to renegotiate the
          applicable interest rates under our existing credit facilities going forward. In addition, any changes to benchmark
          rates may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds and our access to the capital markets, which could
          impact our results of operations and cash flows. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes may also
          adversely affect the trading market for our securities.


          Fluctuation of items that are non-recurring in nature and fluctuation of fair value change of the wealth
          management products we invested in have affected our results of operations in the past and may
          continue to affect our results of operations in the future.
          The fluctuation of items that are non-recurring in nature, primarily gains on sale of development properties
          and others, net, significantly affected our results of operations during 2020, 2021 and 2022. We recorded a
          gain of RMB1,649 million, RMB767 million and RMB1,379 million (US$200 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022,
          respectively, for selling certain of our development properties. Others, net are other non-operating income/(loss),
          primarily consist of gains/(losses) from fair value change of long-term investments, gains/(losses) from business
          and investment disposals, impairment of investments, government incentives, interest income and foreign
          exchange gains/(losses). For others, net, we recorded an income of RMB35.3 billion, a loss of RMB0.6 billion
          and a loss of RMB1.6 billion (US$0.2 billion) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We identify these items as
          non-recurring in nature as they are not indicative of our core operating results and business outlook. We cannot
          assure you that we will be able to continue to generate net profits and maintain profitability in the future after
          excluding the impact of such non-recurring items. The significant fluctuation of these non-recurring items may
          continue to affect our results of operations and result in fluctuation of net income/(loss) in the future.


          During 2020, 2021 and 2022, we made investments in wealth management products and recorded a fair value
          of wealth management products of RMB24.3 billion, RMB77.0 billion and RMB74.1 billion (US$10.7 billion) as
          of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022,
          gross unrealized gains of RMB0.01 million, RMB474.0 million and RMB373.2 million (US$54.1 million) were
          recorded on wealth management products, respectively. No impairment charges were recorded for the years
          ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Those wealth management products were certain
          deposits with variable interest rates or principal not- guaranteed with certain financial institutions, and usually
          have maturities of less than one year. We are exposed to credit risk in relation to our investments in wealth
          management products, which may adversely affect our net changes in their fair value. We cannot assure you
          that market conditions and regulatory environment will create fair value gains and we will not incur any fair value
          losses on our investments in wealth management products at fair value through profit or loss in the future. If we
          incur such fair value losses, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected.




70   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




Our revenues and financial results may be adversely affected by any economic slowdown in China as
well as globally.
The success of our business ultimately depends on consumer spending. We derive substantially all of our
revenues from China. As a result, our revenues and financial results are impacted to a significant extent by
economic conditions in China and globally, as well as economic conditions specific to online retail. The global
macroeconomic environment is facing numerous challenges. The growth rate of the Chinese economy has
gradually slowed since 2010 and the trend may continue in the foreseeable future, especially in light of the
COVID-19 global pandemic. See “— We face risks related to natural disasters, health epidemics and other
outbreaks, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, which could significantly disrupt our operations.” Any slowdown
could significantly reduce domestic commerce in China, including through the internet generally and through
us. In addition, there is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and
fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world’s leading economies,
including the United States and China. The conflict in Ukraine and the imposition of broad economic sanctions
on Russia could raise energy prices and disrupt global markets. Unrest, terrorist threats and the potential
for war in the Middle East and elsewhere may increase market volatility across the globe. There have also
been concerns about the relationship between China and other countries, including the surrounding Asian
countries, which may potentially have economic effects. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the
future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies, treaties, government
regulations and tariffs. Economic conditions in China are sensitive to global economic conditions, as well as
changes in domestic economic and political policies and the expected or perceived overall economic growth rate
in China. Any severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or Chinese economy may materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.


We may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could
harm our business and competitive position.
We regard our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, know-how, proprietary technologies, and similar
intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on a combination of intellectual property laws and
contractual arrangements, including confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements with
our employees and others, to protect our proprietary rights. Although we are not aware of any copycat websites
that attempt to cause confusion or diversion of traffic from us at the moment, we may become an attractive
target to such attacks in the future because of our brand recognition in the online retail industry in China.
Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or
misappropriated, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages.
In addition, there can be no assurance that our patent applications will be approved, that any issued patents
will adequately protect our intellectual property, or that such patents will not be challenged by third parties or
found by a judicial authority to be invalid or unenforceable. Further, because of the rapid pace of technological
change in our industry, parts of our business rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we
may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on
reasonable terms.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        71
     Part I (Continued)




          It is often difficult to register, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights in China. Statutory laws and
          regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and enforcement and may not be applied consistently due to
          the lack of clear guidance on statutory interpretation. Confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete
          agreements may be breached by counterparties, and there may not be adequate remedies available to us for any
          such breach. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights or to enforce
          our contractual rights in China. Policing any unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly
          and the steps we take may be inadequate to prevent the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual
          property. In the event that we resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, such litigation could
          result in substantial costs and a diversion of our managerial and financial resources, and could put our intellectual
          property at risk of being invalidated or narrowed in scope. We can provide no assurance that we will prevail in
          such litigation, and even if we do prevail, we may not obtain a meaningful recovery. In addition, our trade secrets
          may be leaked or otherwise become available to, or be independently discovered by, our competitors. Any
          failure in maintaining, protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect
          on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


          We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and
          may disrupt our business and operations.
          We cannot be certain that our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or
          otherwise violate patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We have been,
          and from time to time in the future may be, subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual
          property rights of others. In addition, there may be other third-party intellectual property that is infringed by our
          products or services, the products or services provided by third-party merchants on our marketplace, or other
          aspects of our business. There could also be existing patents of which we are not aware that our products may
          inadvertently infringe. We cannot assure you that holders of patents purportedly relating to some aspect of our
          technology platform or business, if any such holders exist, would not seek to enforce such patents against us in
          China, the United States or any other jurisdictions. Further, the application and interpretation of China’s patent
          laws and the procedures and standards for granting patents in China are still evolving and are uncertain, and
          we cannot assure you that PRC courts or regulatory authorities would agree with our analysis. If we are found
          to have violated the intellectual property rights of others, we may be subject to liability for our infringement
          activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be
          forced to develop alternatives of our own. In addition, we may incur significant expenses, and may be forced
          to divert management’s time and other resources from our business and operations to defend against these
          third-party infringement claims, regardless of their merits. Successful infringement or licensing claims made
          against us may result in significant monetary liabilities and may materially disrupt our business and operations
          by restricting or prohibiting our use of the intellectual property in question. Finally, we use open source software
          in connection with our products and services. Companies that incorporate open source software into their
          products and services have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software
          and compliance with open source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming
          ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms.
          Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software




72   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and make available any derivative works of
the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Any requirement to disclose our source code or pay
damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations and financial condition.


We have limited insurance coverage, which could expose us to significant costs and business disruption.
We maintain various insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased
all risk property insurance covering our inventory and fixed assets such as equipment, furniture and office
facilities. We maintain public liability insurance for our business activities at 95 locations. We also provide
social security insurance including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance,
maternity insurance and medical insurance for our employees. Additionally, we provide group accident
insurance for all employees and supplementary medical insurance for all management and technology and
other professional personnel. However, insurance companies in China currently offer limited business-related
insurance products. We do not maintain business interruption insurance or product liability insurance other than
in connection with the fixed business premises of our 7FRESH business, nor do we maintain key-man insurance.
We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage is sufficient to prevent us from any loss or that we will be
able to successfully claim our losses under our current insurance policy on a timely basis, or at all. If we incur
any loss that is not covered by our insurance policies, or the compensated amount is significantly less than our
actual loss, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, has considerable influence over important corporate matters.
Our dual-class voting structure will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could discourage
others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class A ordinary shares
and/or our ADSs may view as beneficial.
Our company is controlled through a dual class voting structure. Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, has
considerable influence over important corporate matters. Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary
shares and Class B ordinary shares. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share in
respect of matters requiring the votes of shareholders, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled
to twenty votes per share, subject to certain exceptions. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one
Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder thereof, while Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into
Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any direct or indirect transfer of Class B ordinary shares
or associated voting power by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder,
such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A
ordinary shares. Due to the disparate voting powers associated with our two classes of ordinary shares, as of
February 28, 2023, Mr. Liu beneficially owned 73.9% of the aggregate voting power of our company, including
3.5% of the aggregate voting power of our company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings
Limited. Mr. Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. Fortune Rising
Holdings Limited holds 18,367,300 Class B ordinary shares, representing 3.5% of the aggregate voting power
of our company, for the purpose of transferring such shares to the plan participants according to our awards
under our Share Incentive Plan, and administers the awards and acts according to our instruction. Fortune Rising
Holdings Limited can exercise the 3.5% of the aggregate voting power of our company following our instruction.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        73
     Part I (Continued)




          Mr. Liu, as the representative of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, can exercise this 3.5% of the aggregate
          voting power of our company on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. See “Directors, Senior Management
          and Employees — Share Ownership.” As a result, Mr. Liu has considerable influence over matters such as
          electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business combination transactions. This
          concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could also discourage others from
          pursuing any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transactions, which could have the effect
          of depriving the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs of the opportunity to sell their shares at a
          premium over the prevailing market price.


          The current tensions in international trade policies and rising political tensions, particularly between the
          United States and China, may adversely impact our business and operating results.
          The U.S. government has made statements and taken certain actions that may lead to changes in U.S. and
          international trade policies towards China. In January 2020, the “Phase One” agreement was signed between
          the United States and China on trade matters, which expired in December 2021. It remains unclear what
          additional actions, if any, will be taken by the U.S. or other governments with respect to international trade
          agreements, the imposition of tariffs on goods imported into the United States, tax policy related to international
          commerce, or other trade matters. While cross-border business may not be an area of focus for us, any
          unfavorable government policies on international trade, such as capital controls or tariffs, may affect the demand
          for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from selling
          products in certain countries. If any new tariffs, legislation and/or regulations are implemented, or if existing
          trade agreements are renegotiated or, in particular, if the U.S. government takes retaliatory trade actions due to
          recent U.S.-China trade tensions, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
          and results of operations.


          In addition, we have been closely monitoring domestic policies in the United States designed to restrict certain
          Chinese companies from supplying or operating in the U.S. market. These policies include the Clean Network
          project initiated by the U.S. Department of State in August 2020, new authorities granted to the Department of
          Commerce to prohibit or restrict the use of information and communications technology and services, or ICTS,
          and Executive Order on Protecting America’s Sensitive Data from Foreign Adversaries published in June 2021.
          While a substantial majority of our business is conducted in China, policies like these may deter U.S. users from
          accessing and/or using our apps, products and services, which could adversely impact our user experience and
          reputation.


          Likewise, we are monitoring policies in the United States that are aimed at restricting U.S. persons from
          investing in or supplying certain Chinese companies and/or imposing sanctions on Chinese entities. The United
          States and various foreign governments have imposed controls, license requirements and restrictions on the
          import or export of technologies and products (or voiced the intention to do so). For instance, in October 2022,
          the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security issued rules aimed at restricting China’s
          ability to obtain advanced computing chips, develop and maintain supercomputers, and manufacture advanced
          semiconductors. In addition, the U.S. government may potentially impose a ban prohibiting U.S. persons




74   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




from making investments in or engaging in transactions with companies in certain countries, including China.
Measures such as these could deter suppliers in the United States and/or other countries that impose sanctions,
export controls and other restrictions from providing technologies and products to, making investments in, or
otherwise engaging in transactions with Chinese companies. As a result, Chinese companies would have to
identify and secure alternative supplies or sources of financing, while they may not be able to do so in a timely
manner and at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, Chinese companies may have to limit and
reduce their research and development and other business activities, or cease conducting transactions with
parties, in the United States and other countries that impose export controls or other restrictions. Like other
Chinese companies, we may be affected by such sanctions, export controls or other restrictions, and we may
also be exposed to risks in dealing with business partners that are subject to sanctions, export controls or
other restrictions. As a result, we could be required to incur additional costs to comply with these complicated
regulations and measures and could face penalties for any violation, even inadvertent, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Disruptions in the financial markets and economic conditions could affect our ability to raise capital.
Global economies could suffer dramatic downturns as the result of a deterioration in the credit markets and
related financial crisis as well as a variety of other factors including, extreme volatility in security prices, severely
diminished liquidity and credit availability, ratings downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of
others. For example, the current COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant volatility in financial markets across
the world. In the past, governments have taken unprecedented actions in an attempt to address and rectify
these extreme market and economic conditions by providing liquidity and stability to the financial markets. If
these actions are not successful, the return of adverse economic conditions may cause a significant impact on
our ability to raise capital, if needed, on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or at all.


We may be the subject of anti-competitive, harassing, or other detrimental conduct by third parties
including complaints to regulatory agencies, negative blog postings, and the public dissemination of
malicious assessments of our business that could harm our reputation and cause us to lose market share,
customers and revenues and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
We may be the target of anti-competitive, harassing, or other detrimental conduct by third parties. Such conduct
includes complaints, anonymous or otherwise, to regulatory agencies. Our brand name and our business may
be harmed by aggressive marketing and communications strategies of our competitors. We may be subject to
government or regulatory investigation as a result of such third-party conduct and may be required to expend
significant time and incur substantial costs to address such third-party conduct, and there is no assurance
that we will be able to conclusively refute each of the allegations within a reasonable period of time, or at all.
Additionally, allegations, directly or indirectly against us, may be posted in internet chat-rooms or on blogs or
websites by anyone, whether or not related to us, on an anonymous basis. Consumers value readily available
information concerning retailers, manufacturers, and their goods and services and often act on such information
without further investigation or authentication and without regard to its accuracy. The availability of information
on social media platforms and devices is virtually immediate, as is its impact. Social media platforms and devices
immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on the




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         75
     Part I (Continued)




          accuracy of the content posted. Information posted may be inaccurate and adverse to us, and it may harm our
          financial performance, prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity
          for redress or correction. Our reputation may be negatively affected as a result of the public dissemination of
          anonymous allegations or malicious statements about our business, which in turn may cause us to lose market
          share, customers and revenues and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


          We face risks related to natural disasters, health epidemics and other outbreaks, such as the outbreak of
          COVID-19, which could significantly disrupt our operations.
          Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of epidemics, including COVID-19, avian influenza,
          severe acute respiratory syndrome, (SARS), influenza A (H1N1), Ebola or another epidemic. Any such
          occurrences could cause severe disruption to our daily operations, including our fulfillment infrastructure and
          our customer service centers, and may even require a temporary closure of our facilities. In recent years, there
          have been outbreaks of epidemics in China and globally. The COVID-19 has also resulted in temporary closure
          of many corporate offices, retail stores, manufacturing facilities and factories across China. We have taken a
          series of measures in response to the outbreak, including, among others, remote working arrangements for
          some of our employees and temporarily allowing the government to utilize our fulfillment infrastructure and
          logistics services for crisis relief. These measures could reduce the capacity and efficiency of our operations and
          negatively impact the procurement of products, which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations.
          Since the second half of 2020, many of the quarantine measures within China have been relaxed, and we have
          resumed normal operations. After the initial outbreak of the COVID-19, some instances of COVID-19 infections
          have emerged in various regions of China from time to time, including the infections caused by the Omicron
          variants since early 2022. As China began to adjusted its COVID-19 prevention and control measures at the end
          of 2022, most of the travel restrictions and quarantine requirements were lifted in December 2022. There were
          surges of cases in many cities during this time and early 2023 which caused disruption to our and our suppliers’
          operations.


          The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our results of operations will depend on the future developments of the
          outbreak, including new information concerning the global severity of and actions taken to contain the outbreak,
          which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. In addition, our results of operations could be adversely affected
          to the extent that the outbreak harms the Chinese economy in general. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic
          adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other
          risks described in this annual report, such as those relating to our level of indebtedness, our need to generate
          sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the
          agreements that govern our indebtedness.




76   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We are also vulnerable to natural disasters and other calamities. If any such disaster were to occur in the future
affecting the regions where we have major operations in China, our operations could be materially and adversely
affected due to loss of personnel and damages to property, including our inventory and our technology systems.
Our operation could also be severely disrupted if our suppliers, customers or business partners were affected by
such natural disasters or health epidemics.


If we do not appropriately maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we may be unable to accurately report our financial
results and the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be adversely affected.
We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring every public company to include a management
report on such company’s internal control over financial reporting in its annual report, which contains
management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. In
addition, an independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness of the
company’s internal control over financial reporting. Our management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. See “Controls and Procedures.”


However, if we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our management
and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude that we have effective
internal control over financial reporting at a reasonable assurance level. This could in turn result in the loss of
investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and negatively impact the trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares and ADSs. Furthermore, we have incurred and may need to incur additional costs and
use additional management and other resources in an effort to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and other requirements going forward.


The approval of and/or filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in
connection with our offshore offerings under PRC law, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for
how long we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.
PRC laws and regulations in relation to overseas issuance and listing of shares have been evolving. On July 6,
2021, the relevant PRC government authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities
Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration
over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed
to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with
the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. As a follow-up, on February 17, 2023,
the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies and five supporting guidelines, or, collectively, the Trial Measures, which came into effect on
March 31, 2023.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        77
     Part I (Continued)




          The Trial Measures establish a new filing-based regime to regulate overseas offerings of stocks, depository
          receipts, convertible corporate bond, or other equity securities, and overseas listing of these securities
          for trading, by domestic companies. According to the Trial Measures, an overseas offering and listing by
          a domestic company, whether directly or indirectly, shall be filed with the CSRC. According to the Trial
          Measures, an issuer like us is required to submit the filing with respect to its follow-on offering and other
          equivalent offering activities, within a specific time frame. The Trial Measures also sets forth certain regulatory
          red lines for overseas offerings and listings by domestic enterprises and additional reporting obligations for
          listed companies in the case of material changes. Any failure to perform such filing or reporting procedure
          would subject us to administrative penalties by the CSRC which could harm our reputation and may adversely
          affect our results of financial condition. For more details of the Trial Measures, please refer to “Information
          on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Overseas Listing and M&A.”


          Furthermore, on February 24, 2023, the CSRC released the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality
          and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
          Enterprises, or, the Confidentiality Provisions, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the
          Confidentiality Provisions, any future inspection or investigation conducted by overseas securities regulator
          or the relevant competent authorities on our PRC domestic companies with respect to our overseas
          issuance and listing shall be carried out in the manner in compliance with PRC laws and regulations.


          In addition, we cannot assure you that any new rules or regulations promulgated in the future will not impose
          additional requirements on us. If it is determined in the future that approval and filing from the CSRC or other
          regulatory authorities or other procedures, including the cybersecurity review under the Draft Measures for
          Internet Data Security, are required for our offshore offerings, it is uncertain whether we can, or how long it
          will take us to, obtain such approval or complete such filing procedures and any such approval or filing could
          be rescinded or rejected. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining such approval or completing such filing
          procedures for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval or filing if obtained by us, would
          subject us to sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to seek CSRC approval
          or filing or other government authorization for our offshore offerings. Any uncertainties or negative publicity
          regarding such approval requirement could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
          condition, reputation, and the trading price of our listed securities.




78   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our Form 20-F auditor in relation to their audit work
performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our
Form 20-F auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections.
Our Form 20-F auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included
in Form 20-F, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with
the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections
to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our Form 20-F auditor is located in China,
a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was historically unable to conduct inspections and investigations completely
before 2022. As a result, we and investors in our ADSs were deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB
inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China in the past has made it more
difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our independent registered public accounting firm’s audit procedures or
quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections.
On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and
removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or
investigate completely registered public accounting firms. However, if the PCAOB determines in the future that
it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland or
Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report
on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we and investors in our ADSs would be deprived of the benefits
of such PCAOB inspections again, which could cause investors and potential investors in our ADSs to lose
confidence in the audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements.


Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the
PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of the ADSs,
or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.
Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public
accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection for the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC
will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
trading market in the United States.


On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB
was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in the
Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, and our Form 20-F auditor was subject to that determination. In May 2022,
the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of
annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB
removed the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or
investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we do not expect to be identified as
a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we file annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        79
     Part I (Continued)




          Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in the
          Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that it
          no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in the Chinese mainland and
          Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report
          on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer
          following the filing of the annual report on Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year. In accordance with the HFCAA,
          our securities would be prohibited from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
          trading market in the United States if we are identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive
          years in the future. Although our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
          and our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares are fully fungible, we cannot assure your that an active trading market
          for our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained or that the ADSs can be
          converted and traded with sufficient market recognition and liquidity, if our shares and ADSs are prohibited
          from trading in the United States. A prohibition of being able to trade in the United States would substantially
          impair your ability to sell or purchase our ADSs when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated
          with delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. Also, such a
          prohibition would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would
          have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects.


          We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and
          public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.
          We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is
          charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded,
          and the various regulatory authorities in China and the Cayman Islands, and to new and evolving regulatory
          measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have
          resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
          of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.


          Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their
          application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
          continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
          to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any
          subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.


          Our international expansion strategy and ability to conduct business in international markets may be
          adversely affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks.
          International expansion is a significant component of our growth strategy and may require significant capital
          investment, which could strain our resources and adversely impact current performance, while adding
          complexity to our current operations. We are subject to PRC law in addition to the laws of the foreign countries
          in which we operate. If any of our overseas operations, or our associates or agents, violate such laws, we could
          become subject to sanctions or other penalties, which could negatively affect our reputation, business and
          operating results.




80   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




In addition, we may face operational issues that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business
and results of operations, if we fail to address certain factors including, but not limited to, the following:


•   difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing a foreign operation as a result of distance,
    language and cultural differences;

•   challenges in formulating effective local sales and marketing strategies targeting users from various
    jurisdictions and cultures, who have a diverse range of preferences and demands;

•   challenges in identifying appropriate local business partners and establishing and maintaining good working
    relationships with them;

•   dependence on local platforms in marketing our international products and services overseas;

•   challenges in selecting suitable geographical regions for international business;

•   longer customer payment cycles;

•   currency exchange rate fluctuations;

•   political or social unrest or economic instability;

•   protectionist or national security policies that restrict our ability to invest in or acquire companies; develop,
    import or export certain technologies, such as the national AI initiative proposed by the U.S. government; or
    utilize technologies that are deemed by local governmental regulators to pose a threat to their national security;

•   compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations and unexpected changes in laws or regulations,
    including compliance with privacy laws and data security laws, including the European Union General Data
    Protection Regulation, or GDPR, and compliance costs across different legal systems;

•   differing, complex and potentially adverse customs, import/export laws, tax rules and regulations or other
    trade barriers or restrictions which may be applicable to transactions conducted through our international
    and cross-border platforms, related compliance obligations and consequences of non-compliance, and any
    new developments in these areas; and

•   increased costs associated with doing business in foreign jurisdictions.

One or more of these factors could harm our overseas operations and consequently, could harm our overall
results of operations.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022        81
     Part I (Continued)




          Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
          If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the
          consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these
          laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe
          penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.
          Foreign ownership of certain of our businesses including value-added telecommunication services is subject to
          restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations. For example, foreign investors are not allowed to own more
          than 50% of the equity interests in a value-added telecommunication service provider (excluding e-commerce,
          domestic multi-party communications, data collection and transmission services and call centers).


          We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our PRC subsidiaries Jingdong Century, Shanghai
          Shengdayuan and Xi’an Jingxundi are considered foreign-invested enterprises. Accordingly, none of these PRC
          subsidiaries is eligible to provide value-added telecommunication services or provide certain other restricted
          services related to our businesses, such as domestic document delivery services. As a result, we conduct or
          will conduct such business activities through the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in
          PRC, including Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jingbangda. Jingdong 360 holds
          our ICP license as an internet information provider. Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng primarily provides courier services
          through Jingbangda and its subsidiaries.


          We entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
          Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China and their respective shareholders, which enable us to:


          •    receive substantially all of the economic benefits of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
               Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China; and


          •    have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
               Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China when and to the extent permitted by
               PRC law.

          Because of these contractual arrangements, we are the primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
          Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and other variable interest entities in China and hence consolidate their financial results
          as the consolidated variable interest entities. For a detailed discussion of these contractual arrangements,
          see “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.”


          In the opinion of Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel, (i) the ownership structures of the consolidated variable
          interest entities in China and the PRC subsidiaries that have entered into contractual arrangements with the
          variable interest entities, including Jingdong Century, comply with all existing PRC laws and regulations; and
          (ii) the contractual arrangements between the PRC subsidiaries, including Jingdong Century, the variable interest
          entities and their respective shareholders governed by PRC law are valid, binding and enforceable, and will not
          result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect.




82   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




However, we are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the consolidated variable
interest entities and we conduct certain of our operations in China through the consolidated variable interest
entities with which we have maintained contractual arrangements. Investors in our ADSs or Class A ordinary
shares thus are not purchasing equity interest in the consolidated variable interest entities in China but instead
are purchasing equity interest in a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government determines that
the contractual arrangements with constituting part of the consolidated variable interest entities structure do not
comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws and regulations change or are interpreted differently in
the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.
We may not be able to repay the notes and other indebtedness, and the securities we are registering may
decline in value or become worthless, if the determinations, changes, or interpretations result in our inability to
assert contractual control over the assets of the consolidated variable interest entities. Our holding company in
the Cayman Islands, the consolidated variable interest entities, and investors of our company face uncertainty
about potential future actions by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual
arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and, consequently, significantly affect the financial
performance of the consolidated variable interest entities and our company as a group.


Our PRC legal counsel has also advised us that there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation
and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules; accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities
may take a view that is contrary to the opinion of our PRC legal counsel. It is uncertain whether any other new
PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted, what they
would provide. If we or any of the consolidated variable interest entities are found to be in violation of any
existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals,
the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations
or failures, including:


•   revoking the business licenses of such entities;


•   discontinuing or restricting the conduct of any transactions between certain of our PRC subsidiaries and
    variable interest entities;


•   imposing fines, confiscating the income from the consolidated variable interest entities, or imposing other
    requirements with which we or the consolidated variable interest entities may not be able to comply;


•   requiring us to restructure our ownership structure or operations, including terminating the contractual
    arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and deregistering the equity pledges of
    the consolidated variable interest entities, which in turn would affect our ability to consolidate or derive
    economic interests from the consolidated variable interest entities; or


•   restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of any of our financing outside China to finance our
    business and operations in China.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        83
     Part I (Continued)




          The imposition of any of these penalties would result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct
          our business. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on us and on our
          ability to consolidate the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities in our consolidated financial
          statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find our legal structure and contractual arrangements
          to be in violation of PRC laws and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government actions causes
          us to lose our right to direct the activities of the consolidated variable interest entities or our right to receive
          substantially all the economic benefits and residual returns from the consolidated variable interest entities and
          we are not able to restructure our ownership structure and operations in a satisfactory manner, we would no
          longer be able to consolidate the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities in our consolidated
          financial statements. Either of these results, or any other significant penalties that might be imposed on us in
          this event, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


          Although we believe we, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities comply with current
          PRC laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that the PRC government would agree that our contractual
          arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or
          with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. The PRC government has broad discretion in
          determining rectifiable or punitive measures for non-compliance with or violations of PRC laws and regulations.
          If the PRC government determines that we or the consolidated variable interest entities do not comply with
          applicable law, it could revoke the consolidated variable interest entities’ business and operating licenses,
          require the consolidated variable interest entities to discontinue or restrict the consolidated variable interest
          entities’ operations, restrict the consolidated variable interest entities’ right to collect revenues, block the
          consolidated variable interest entities’ websites, require the consolidated variable interest entities to restructure
          our operations, impose additional conditions or requirements with which the consolidated variable interest
          entities may not be able to comply, impose restrictions on the consolidated variable interest entities’ business
          operations or on their customers, or take other regulatory or enforcement actions against the consolidated
          variable interest entities that could be harmful to their business. Any of these or similar occurrences could
          significantly disrupt our or the consolidated variable interest entities’ business operations or restrict the
          consolidated variable interest entities from conducting a substantial portion of their business operations, which
          could materially and adversely affect the consolidated variable interest entities’ business, financial condition
          and results of operations. If any of these occurrences results in our inability to direct the activities of any of the
          consolidated variable interest entities that most significantly impact its economic performance, and/or our failure
          to receive the economic benefits from any of the consolidated variable interest entities, we may not be able to
          consolidate these entities in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.




84   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We rely on contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities and their owners
for a portion of our business operations, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
operational control.
We have relied and expect to continue to rely on contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360 and its
shareholders to hold our ICP license as an internet information provider, contractual arrangements with Jiangsu
Yuanzhou and its shareholders to conduct the distribution of books and audio and video products and contractual
arrangements with other variable interest entities for the relevant restricted businesses. For a description
of these contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.” These
contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the
consolidated variable interest entities.


If we had direct ownership of the consolidated variable interest entities, we would be able to exercise our
rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of those entities, which in turn could effect
changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management level. However, under the current
contractual arrangements, we rely on the performance by the consolidated variable interest entities and their
respective shareholders of their obligations under the contracts to exercise control over the consolidated
variable interest entities. However, the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may not act in
the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations under these contracts. Such risks exist
throughout the period in which we intend to operate our business through the contractual arrangements with
the consolidated variable interest entities. We may replace the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest
entities at any time pursuant to our contractual arrangements with them and their shareholders. However, if any
dispute relating to these contracts remains unresolved, we will have to enforce our rights under these contracts
through the operations of PRC law and courts and therefore will be subject to uncertainties in the PRC legal
system. See “— Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their
obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our
business.” Therefore, our contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities may not be
as effective in ensuring our control over the relevant portion of our business operations as direct ownership
would be.


Any failure by the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders to perform their
obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on
our business.
If the consolidated variable interest entities or their shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations
under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources
to enforce such arrangements. We may also have to rely on legal remedies under PRC law, including seeking
specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be effective.
For example, if the shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities were to refuse to transfer their
equity interest in the variable interest entities to us or our designee when we exercise the purchase option
pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if they were otherwise to act in bad faith toward us, we may
have to take legal actions to compel them to perform their contractual obligations.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        85
     Part I (Continued)




          All the agreements under our contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution
          of disputes through arbitration in China. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with
          PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. See “— Risks Related
          to Doing Business in China — Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could
          adversely affect us.” Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how contractual
          arrangements in the context of a variable interest entity should be interpreted or enforced under PRC law, and
          as a result it may be difficult to predict how an arbitration panel would view such contractual arrangements. As
          a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements.
          Additionally, under PRC law, rulings by arbitrators are final, parties cannot appeal the arbitration results in courts,
          and if the losing parties fail to carry out the arbitration awards within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing
          parties may only enforce the arbitration awards in PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings,
          which would require additional expenses and delay.


          The consolidated variable interest entities, including their subsidiaries, hold our necessary licenses and permits,
          including ICP licenses, Courier Service Operation Permits and Practicing License for Medical Institutions, and
          conduct our sales of books and audio and video products (including publication of e-books and online audio and
          video products). In the event we are unable to enforce our contractual arrangements, our ability to conduct
          these businesses may be negatively affected. We generate the majority of our revenues from products and
          services that are offered to customers through our mobile apps and websites and any interruption in our ability
          to use our mobile apps and websites may have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and
          results of operations.


          The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest
          with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
          Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, Ms. Yayun Li and Ms. Pang Zhang are the shareholders of Suqian Juhe.
          Mr. Qin Miao, Ms. Yayun Li and Ms. Pang Zhang are the shareholders of the other significant consolidated
          variable interest entities. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is our chairman of board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice
          president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief executive officer of JD Technology, a significant investee of our
          company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.


          The shareholders of the consolidated variable interest entities may have potential conflicts of interest with us.
          These shareholders may breach, or cause the consolidated variable interest entities to breach, or refuse to
          renew, the existing contractual arrangements we have with them and the consolidated variable interest entities,
          which would have a material and adverse effect on our ability to effectively control the consolidated variable
          interest entities and receive substantially all the economic benefits from them. For example, the shareholders
          may be able to cause our agreements with the consolidated variable interest entities to be performed in a
          manner adverse to us by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under the contractual arrangements
          to us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of interest arise, any or all of these
          shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or such conflicts will be resolved in our favor.




86   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Currently, we do not have any arrangements to address potential conflicts of interest between these
shareholders and our company. We rely on Mr. Liu to abide by the laws of the Cayman Islands and China, which
provide that directors owe a fiduciary duty to the company that requires them to act in good faith and in what
they believe to be the best interests of the company and not to use their position for personal gains. If we
cannot resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between us and the shareholders of the consolidated variable
interest entities, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in disruption of our business
and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings.


We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any
cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries
to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.
We are a holding company, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC
subsidiaries like Jingdong Century for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to
pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we may incur. If these
subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may require
Jingdong Century or any other relevant PRC subsidiary to adjust its taxable income under the contractual
arrangements it currently has in place with the consolidated variable interest entities in a manner that would
materially and adversely affect its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to us. See “— Contractual
arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entities may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax
authorities and they may determine that we or the variable interest entities owe additional taxes, which could
negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment.”


Under PRC laws and regulations, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may pay
dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, a PRC enterprise is required to set aside at least 10% of its accumulated
after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund
reaches 50% of its registered capital.


Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could
materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to
our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. The funds in our PRC subsidiaries
or the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations
or for other use outside of the Chinese mainland due to interventions in, or the imposition of restrictions and
limitations on, the ability of our holding company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable interest entities
by the PRC government on cash transfers. Although currently there are not equivalent or similar restrictions
or limitations in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong entities, if certain restrictions or
limitations in the Chinese mainland were to become applicable to cash transfers in and out of Hong Kong
entities in the future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may not be available to fund operations
or for other use outside of Hong Kong. See also “— Risks Related to Doing Business in China — If we
are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could result in
unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.”


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        87
     Part I (Continued)




          PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and
          governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC
          subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities or making additional capital contributions to
          our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which could materially and adversely
          affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.
          We are an offshore holding company conducting our operations in the Chinese mainland through our PRC
          subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities. We may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the
          consolidated variable interest entities subject to the approval from governmental authorities and limitation of
          amount, or we may make additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese
          mainland.


          Any loans to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland, which are treated as
          foreign-invested enterprises under PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations and foreign exchange loan
          registrations. For example, loans by us to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland to
          finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits, i.e., the difference between its total amount of investment
          and its registered capital, or certain amount calculated based on elements including capital or net assets, the
          cross-border financing leverage ratio and the macro prudential coefficient (“Macro-prudential Management
          Mode”) under relevant PRC laws and the loans must be registered with the local counterpart of the State
          Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, or filed with SAFE in its information system. We may also provide
          loans to the consolidated variable interest entities or other domestic PRC entities under the Macro-prudential
          Management Mode. According to the Circular of the People’s Bank of China and the State Administration of
          Foreign Exchange on Adjusting the Macro-prudent Adjustment Parameter for Cross-border Financing issued on
          January 7, 2021, the limit for the total amount of foreign debt under the Macro-prudential Management Mode is
          adjusted to two point five times of their respective net assets.


          Moreover, any medium or long-term loan to be provided by us to the consolidated variable interest entities or
          other domestic PRC entities must also be registered with the NDRC.


          We may also decide to finance our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland by means of
          capital contributions. These capital contributions shall go through record-filing procedures from competent
          administration for market regulation. SAFE issued the Circular on the Management Concerning the Reform
          of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular
          19, which took effect on June 1, 2015. SAFE Circular 19 allows for the use of RMB converted from the
          foreign currency-denominated capital for equity investments in the PRC provided that such usage shall fall
          into the scope of business of the foreign-invested enterprise, which will be regarded as the reinvestment of
          foreign-invested enterprise. In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular Regarding Further Promotion of the
          Facilitation of Cross-Border Trade and Investment on October 23, 2019, or SAFE Circular 28, pursuant to which
          all foreign-invested enterprises can make equity investments in the PRC with their capital funds in accordance
          with the law. The Circular Regarding Further Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the Stabilization




88   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




of Foreign Trade and Foreign Investment jointly promulgated by the PBOC, NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce,
the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the China Banking
and Insurance Regulatory Commission and SAFE on December 31, 2020 and effective on February 4, 2021
allows the non-investment foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic reinvestment with RMB capital in
accordance with the law on the premise that they comply with prevailing regulations and the invested projects
in China are authentic and compliant. In addition, if a foreign-invested enterprise uses RMB income under capital
accounts to conduct domestic reinvestment, the invested enterprise is not required to open a special deposit
account for RMB capital.


Due to the restrictions imposed on loans in foreign currencies extended to any PRC domestic companies, we
may not be able to make such loans to the subsidiaries of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese
mainland and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland. Meanwhile, we may not be
able to finance the activities of the consolidated variable interest entities by means of capital contributions
given the restrictions on foreign investment in the businesses that are currently conducted by the consolidated
variable interest entities.


In light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC
entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary
government registrations or record-filings on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to our PRC
subsidiaries or any consolidated variable interest entity or future capital contributions by us to our wholly
foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland. As a result, uncertainties exist as to our ability to provide
prompt financial support to our PRC subsidiaries or consolidated variable interest entities when needed. If we
fail to complete such registrations or record-filings, our ability to use foreign currency, including the proceeds
we received from our initial public offering, and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be
negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
our business.


Contractual arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entities may be subject to
scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they may determine that we or the variable interest entities owe
additional taxes, which could negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment.
Under applicable PRC laws and regulations, transactions among related parties may be subject to audit or
challenge by the PRC tax authorities. If the PRC tax authorities deem the transactions between the PRC
subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in China, and their respective shareholders were not
entered into on an arm’s-length basis and resulted in deferral or underpayment in taxes, they are entitled to
make special tax adjustments which might result in the increase of the variable interest entities’ tax liabilities. If
the tax authorities conduct special tax adjustments, they might impose interest charges for the underpaid taxes.
Our financial position could be adversely affected if the consolidated variable interest entities’ tax liabilities
increase or if they are required to pay interest charge.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         89
     Part I (Continued)




          Our current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the PRC Foreign Investment
          Law.
          On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress promulgated the PRC Foreign Investment Law or the FIL,
          which has become effective on January 1, 2020 and replaced the outgoing laws regulating foreign investment
          in China, namely, the PRC Equity Joint Venture Law, the PRC Cooperative Joint Venture Law and the Wholly
          Foreign-owned Enterprise Law, as well their implementation rules and ancillary regulations, or the Outgoing
          FIE Laws. See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation on Foreign
          Investment.”


          Meanwhile, the Implementation Rules to the FIL came into effect as of January 1, 2020, which clarified and
          elaborated the relevant provisions of the FIL. However, uncertainties still exist in relation to interpretation and
          implementation of the FIL, especially in regard to, including, among other things, the nature of variable interest
          entities contractual arrangements and specific rules regulating the organization form of foreign-invested enterprises
          within the five-year transition period. While FIL does not define contractual arrangements as a form of foreign
          investment explicitly, it has a catch-all provision under definition of “foreign investment” that includes investments
          made by foreign investors in the PRC through other means as provided by laws, administrative regulations or the
          State Council, we cannot assure you that future laws and regulations will not provide for contractual arrangements
          as a form of foreign investment. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our control over the consolidated
          variable interest entities through contractual arrangements will not be deemed as foreign investment in the future.
          In the event that any possible implementing regulations of the FIL, any other future laws, administrative regulations
          or provisions deem contractual arrangements as a way of foreign investment, or if any of our operations through
          contractual arrangements is classified in the “restricted” or “prohibited” industry in the future “negative list”
          under the FIL, our contractual arrangements may be deemed as invalid and illegal, and we may be required to
          unwind the variable interest entity contractual arrangements and/or dispose of any affected business. Also, if
          future laws, administrative regulations or provisions mandate further actions to be taken with respect to existing
          contractual arrangements, we may face substantial uncertainties as to whether we can complete such actions in a
          timely manner, or at all. Furthermore, under the FIL, foreign investors or the foreign investment enterprise should
          be imposed legal liabilities for failing to report investment information in accordance with the requirements. In
          addition, the FIL provides that foreign invested enterprises established according to the existing laws regulating
          foreign investment may maintain their structure and corporate governance within a five-year transition period,
          which means that we may be required to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our PRC
          subsidiaries in such transition period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of these
          or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure,
          corporate governance, financial condition and business operations.




90   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Risks Related to Doing Business in China
Changes in China’s or global economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a
material and adverse effect on our business and operations.
Substantially all of our operations are located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions
in China generally and by continued economic growth in China as a whole.


While the Chinese economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades, there can be no
assurance that the growth would be maintained or equitable across sectors. The Chinese government has
implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of
these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may not have the same effect on us.


In addition, the global macroeconomic environment is facing challenges. For example, health epidemics have
caused significant downward pressure for the global economy. Furthermore, geopolitical tension and conflicts,
energy crisis, inflation risk, interest rate increases, instability in the financial system, and the tightening of
monetary policy by the U.S. Federal Reserve impose new challenges and uncertainties on the global economy. It
is unclear whether these challenges and uncertainties will be contained or resolved, and what effects they may
have on the global political and economic conditions in the long term.


Uncertainties with respect to the legal system in the Chinese mainland could adversely affect us.
We conduct our business primarily through our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
the Chinese mainland. Our operations in the Chinese mainland are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our
PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investment in the Chinese mainland.
The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior
court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. The PRC legal system is evolving
rapidly, and the interpretation and enforcement of many laws, regulations and rules may involves uncertainties.


From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights.
Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant
discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the
outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties
may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into and could materially and adversely affect
our business and results of operations. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based, in part, on government
policies and internal rules, some of which may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not always be aware
of any potential violation of these policies and rules. Such unpredictability towards our contractual, property and
procedural rights could adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our
operations.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        91
     Part I (Continued)




          PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business and it has recently indicated an
          intent to exert more oversight over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-
          based issuers. Any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to
          offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless.



          We are subject to consumer protection laws that could require us to modify our current business
          practices and incur increased costs.
          We are subject to numerous PRC laws and regulations that regulate retailers generally or govern online retailers
          specifically, such as the Consumer Protection Law. If these regulations were to change or if we, suppliers or
          third-party merchants on our marketplace were to violate them, the costs of certain products or services could
          increase, or we could be subject to fines or penalties or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand
          for the products or services offered on our mobile apps and websites and hurt our business and results of
          operations. For example, the amended Consumer Protection Law, which became effective in March 2014,
          further strengthens the protection of consumers and imposes more stringent requirements and obligations
          on business operators, especially on businesses that operate on the internet. Pursuant to the Consumer
          Protection Law, except for certain types of products, such as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable goods,
          consumers are generally entitled to return goods purchased within seven days upon receipt without giving any
          reasons if they purchased the goods over the internet. Consumers whose interests have been damaged due to
          their purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online marketplace platforms may claim damages from
          merchants or service providers. Where the operators of an online marketplace platform are unable to provide
          the real names, addresses and valid contact details of the merchants or service providers, the consumers may
          also claim damages from the operators of the online marketplace platforms. Operators of online marketplace
          platforms that know or should have known that merchants or service providers use their platforms to infringe
          upon the legitimate rights and interests of consumers but fail to take necessary measures must bear joint and
          several liability with the merchants or service providers. Moreover, if business operators deceive consumers or
          knowingly sell substandard or defective products, they should not only compensate consumers for their losses,
          but also pay additional damages equal to three times the price of the goods or services. Legal requirements are
          frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance
          with these requirements or their effect on our operations. We may be required to make significant expenditures
          or modify our business practices to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, which may increase our
          costs and materially limit our ability to operate our business.


          We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of
          internet-related business and companies such as e-commerce business and internet platforms.
          The PRC government extensively regulates the internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the
          licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in the internet industry. These internet-related laws
          and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant
          uncertainties. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions
          may be deemed to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations. Issues, risks and uncertainties relating to
          PRC government regulation of the internet industry include, but are not limited to, the following:




92   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We only have control over our websites through contractual arrangements. We do not own the websites
in the Chinese mainland due to the restriction of foreign investment in businesses providing value-added
telecommunication services in the Chinese mainland, including internet information provision services. This
may significantly disrupt our business, subject us to sanctions, compromise enforceability of related contractual
arrangements, or have other harmful effects on us.


The evolving PRC regulatory system for the internet industry may lead to the establishment of new regulatory
agencies. For example, in May 2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the
Cyberspace Administration of China (with the involvement of the State Council Information Office, the MIIT, and
the Ministry of Public Security). The primary role of this agency is to facilitate the policy-making and legislative
development in this field to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with online
content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the internet industry.


New laws and regulations may be promulgated that will regulate internet activities, including online retail and
internet information service. If these new laws and regulations are promulgated, additional licenses may be
required for our operations. If our operations do not comply with these new regulations at the time they become
effective, or if we fail to obtain any licenses required under these new laws and regulations, we could be
subject to penalties. For example, pursuant to the Internet Information Service Algorithmic Recommendation
Management Provisions, or the Algorithm Recommendation Provisions, which came into effect on March 1,
2022, algorithm recommendation service providers shall clearly inform users of their provision of algorithm
recommendation services, and make public the basic principles, intentions and main operating mechanisms of
the algorithm recommendation services. The algorithmic recommendation service providers shall not (i) carry
out any illegal activity which may endanger national security and social public interest, disturb economic order
and social order, or infringe third parties’ legal interest, or (ii) spread any information prohibited by laws or
regulations. Algorithm recommendation service providers selling goods or providing services to consumers
shall also protect consumers’ rights of fair trade, and are prohibited from carrying out illegal conduct such as
unreasonable, differentiated treatment based on consumers’ preferences, purchase behavior or such other
characteristics. In the course of our business operations, we collect information of our customers and users, and
algorithmic recommendation service is used in our business. We may have to spend much more personnel cost
and time evaluating and managing the risks and challenges in connection with the algorithmic recommendation
service used in our ordinary business course to avoid any failure to comply with these regulations. Any failure to
comply with Algorithm Recommendation Provisions may result in administrative liabilities, including warnings,
public denouncement, fines, enforcement orders requiring us to correct, or suspending us from posting new
information, suspension of business or even criminal liabilities, all of which may materially and adversely affect
our business and results of operations.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        93
     Part I (Continued)




          The Circular on Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in and Operation of Value-added
          Telecommunications Business, issued by the MIIT in July 2006, prohibits domestic telecommunication
          service providers from leasing, transferring or selling telecommunications business operating licenses to any
          foreign investor in any form, or providing any resources, sites or facilities to any foreign investor for their
          illegal operation of a telecommunications business in China. According to this circular, either the holder of a
          value-added telecommunication services operation permit or its shareholders must directly own the domain
          names and trademarks used by such license holders in their provision of value-added telecommunication
          services. The circular also requires each license holder to have the necessary facilities, including servers, for
          its approved business operations and to maintain such facilities in the regions covered by its license. If an ICP
          license holder fails to comply with the requirements and also fails to remedy such non-compliance within a
          specified period of time, the MIIT or its local counterparts have the discretion to take administrative measures
          against such license holder, including revoking its ICP license. Currently, Jingdong 360, one of the consolidated
          variable interest entities, holds an ICP license and operates our www.jd.com website. Jingdong 360 owns the
          relevant domain names and registered trademarks and has the necessary personnel to operate such website.


          On February 7, 2021, the Anti-monopoly Commission of the State Council officially promulgated the
          Guidelines to Anti-Monopoly in the Field of Internet Platforms, or the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet
          Platforms. Pursuant to an official interpretation from the Anti-monopoly Commission of the State Council,
          the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet Platforms mainly covers five aspects, including general provisions,
          monopoly agreements, abuse of market dominance, concentration of undertakings, and abuse of administrative
          powers that eliminate or restrict competition. The Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet Platforms prohibit
          certain monopolistic acts of internet platforms to protect market competition and safeguard interests of users
          and undertakings participating in internet platform economy, including without limitation, prohibiting platforms
          with dominant position from abusing their market dominance. Notably, the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet
          Platforms provides that any concentration of undertakings involving variable interest entities fall within the scope
          of anti-monopoly review. If a concentration of undertakings meets the criteria for declaration as stipulated by
          the State Council, an operator must report such concentration of undertakings to the Anti-Monopoly Law of PRC
          (the “Anti-Monopoly Law”) enforcement agency under the State Council in advance. Therefore, acquisitions of
          other entities that we have made before or may make in the future (whether by ourselves, our subsidiaries or
          through the consolidated variable interest entities) and that meet the criteria for declaration, may be required to
          be reported to and approved by the Anti-Monopoly Law enforcement agency, and we may be subject to penalty
          including, but not limited to, a fine of no more than RMB500,000 if we fail to comply with such requirement,
          and in extreme case may be ordered to terminate the contemplated concentration, to dispose of our equity or
          asset within a prescribed period, to transfer the business within a prescribed time or to take any other necessary
          measures to return to the pre-concentration status. In March 2021, SAMR imposed on us a fine of RMB500,000
          for failing to file a prior notification of concentrations of undertaking for a prior acquisition we did. In addition,
          SAMR has conducted a survey of prior acquisitions by internet platforms that may involve failure to file prior
          notifications of concentrations of undertaking. We were subsequently imposed for a fine of RMB500,000 for
          each of the five additional instances on such basis since 2021. We cooperated with SAMR on this front and
          kept written and oral correspondence with SAMR. In April 2021, the SAMR, together with certain other PRC




94   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




government authorities convened an administrative guidance meeting, focusing on certain unfair competition
acts, self-inspection and rectification by major internet companies of possible violations of anti-monopoly, anti-
unfair competition, tax and other related laws and regulations, and requesting such companies to comply with
relevant laws and regulations strictly and be subject to public supervision. In addition, many internet companies,
including the over 30 companies which attended such administrative guidance meeting, are required to conduct
a comprehensive self-inspection and make necessary rectification accordingly. The SAMR has stated it will
organize and conduct inspections on the companies’ rectification results. If the companies are found to conduct
illegal activities, more severe penalties are expected to be imposed on them in accordance with the laws. As
of the date of this annual report, we have completed such self-inspection and have not received any further
inquiry from the relevant governmental authorities. As the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet Platforms was
newly promulgated, it would be difficult to estimate its specific impact on our business, financial condition,
result of operations and prospects. We may receive more similar inquires going forward and cannot assure
you that our business operations comply with the regulations and authorities’ requirements in all respects. If
any non-compliance is raised by relevant authorities and determined against us, we may be subject to fines
and other penalties. On June 24, 2022, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress issued the
amended Anti-Monopoly Law, which increases the fines on business operators for illegal concentration to “no
more than ten percent of the preceding year’s sales revenue of the business operators if the concentration
of business operators has or may have an effect of excluding or limiting competition; or a fine of up to RMB5
million if the concentration of business operators does not have an effect of excluding or limiting competition.”
The newly amended Anti-Monopoly Law also specifies that the relevant authority may require the operators to
make a declaration where there is evidence that the concentration has or may have the effect of eliminating
or restricting competition, even if such concentration does not reach the filing threshold. Due to the enhanced
enforcement of the Anti-Monopoly Law, we may receive greater scrutiny and attention from regulators and
more frequent and rigid investigation or review by regulators, which will increase our compliance costs and
subject us to heightened risks and challenges. In addition, there are significant uncertainties on the evolving
legislative activities and varied local implementation practices of anti-monopoly and competition laws and
regulations in China, especially with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the newly amended
Anti-Monopoly Law. We may have to spend much more personnel cost and time evaluating and managing these
risks and challenges in connection with our products and services as well as our investments in our ordinary
business course to avoid any failure to comply with these regulations. Any failure or perceived failure by us to
comply with the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet Platforms and other Anti-Monopoly Laws and regulations
may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigations or claims against us and could have
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


The interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws,
regulations or policies relating to the internet industry have created substantial uncertainties regarding the
legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities of, internet businesses in
China, including our business. We cannot assure you that we have obtained all the permits or licenses required
for conducting our business in China or will be able to maintain our existing licenses or obtain new ones.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        95
     Part I (Continued)




          The PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material
          adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.
          We conduct our business primarily in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations.
          The PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business, and may intervene or influence
          our operations, which could result in a material adverse change in our operation and/or the value of our
          ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. Also, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more
          oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based
          issuers. For example, on July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities made public the Opinions on
          Strictly Scrutinizing Illegal Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the
          need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings
          by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction
          of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed
          companies. On December 28, 2021, the NDRC, the MIIT, and several other administrations jointly published
          the Cybersecurity Review Measures, effective on February 15, 2022, which required that, among others,
          operators of “critical information infrastructure” purchasing network products and services or network platform
          operators carrying out data processing activities, that affect or may affect national security, shall apply with the
          Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review. In addition, a network platform operator holding over
          one million users’ personal information shall apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity
          review before any public offering at a foreign stock exchange. On November 14, 2021, the CAC released the
          Draft Measures for Internet Data Security for public comments, which stipulates, among others, that a prior
          cybersecurity review is required for listing abroad of data processors which process over one million users’
          personal information, and the listing of data processors in Hong Kong which affects or may affect national
          security. It remains uncertain how PRC governmental authorities will regulate overseas listing in general
          and whether we are required to obtain any specific regulatory approvals from the CSRC, CAC or any other
          PRC governmental authorities for our offshore offerings. If the CSRC, CAC or other regulatory agencies later
          promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals for our future offshore offerings,
          we may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded
          even if obtained. Any such circumstance could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to
          offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In
          addition, implementation of industry-wide regulations directly targeting our operations could cause the value
          of our securities to significantly decline. Therefore, investors of our company and our business face potential
          uncertainty from actions taken by the PRC government affecting our business.


          Failure to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit plans as required by PRC
          regulations may subject us to penalties.
          Companies operating in the Chinese mainland are required to participate in various government sponsored
          employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance, housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment
          obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses
          and allowances, of our employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time




96   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




to time at locations where we operate our businesses. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not
been implemented consistently by the local governments in the Chinese mainland given the different levels of
economic development in different locations. The relevant government authorities may examine whether an
employer has made adequate payments of the requisite employee benefit payments, and employers who fail to
make adequate payments may be subject to late payment fees, fines and/or other penalties. Although almost all
of our PRC operating entities incorporated in various locations in the Chinese mainland have made the required
employee benefit payments, we cannot assure you that we are able to make adequate contribution in a timely
manner at all time. If we are subject to late fees or fines in relation to the underpaid employee benefits, our
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.


We may be required to register some operating offices as branch offices under PRC law.
Under PRC law, a company setting up premises for business operations outside its residence address must
register them as branch offices with the relevant local market regulation bureau at the place where the
premises are located and obtain business licenses for them as branch offices. As of December 31, 2022, our
comprehensive fulfillment facilities cover almost all the counties and districts across China. We may be required
to register those operating offices outside of the residence addresses of our relevant PRC entities as branch
offices under PRC law. As of the date of this annual report, we were able to register branch offices in all of the
important locations where we had meaningful presence. Furthermore, we may expand our fulfillment network in
the future to additional locations in China, and we may not be able to register branch offices in a timely manner
due to complex procedural requirements and relocation of branch offices from time to time. If the PRC regulatory
authorities determine that we are in violation of the relevant laws and regulations, we may be subject to penalties,
including fines, confiscation of income and suspension of operation. If we become subject to these penalties, our
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.


Regulation and censorship of information disseminated over the internet in China may adversely affect
our business, and we may be liable for content that is displayed on our websites.
China has enacted laws and regulations governing internet access and the distribution of products, services,
news, information, audio-video programs and other content through the internet. In the past, the PRC
government has prohibited the distribution of information through the internet that it deems to be in violation
of PRC laws and regulations. In November 2016, China promulgated the Cyber Security Law, which came
into effect on June 1, 2017, to protect cyberspace security and order. Cyber Security Law tightens control of
cyber security and sets forth various security protection obligations for network operators. If any of our internet
information were deemed by the PRC government to violate any content restrictions, we would not be able
to continue to display such content and could become subject to penalties, including confiscation of income,
fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to potential liability for
any unlawful actions of our customers or users of our websites or for content we distribute that is deemed
inappropriate. It may be difficult to determine the type of content that may result in liability to us, and if we are
found to be liable, we may be prevented from operating our websites in China.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         97
     Part I (Continued)




          Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and
          the value of your investment.
          The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the PBOC. The
          RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. The value of RMB against
          the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes in China’s political and economic conditions and by
          China’s foreign exchange policies, among other things. We cannot assure you that RMB will not appreciate or
          depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or
          PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.


          Any significant appreciation or depreciation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our revenues, earnings
          and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
          For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive into RMB to pay our operating
          expenses, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
          would receive from the conversion. Conversely, a significant depreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar may
          significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings, which in turn could adversely affect the price of
          our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


          We adopt a risk-neutral strategy to manage foreign exchange risks. For each entity with foreign exchange
          exposure, relevant currency position or accounts balance are reallocated to achieve natural hedging. While we
          may enter into hedging transactions, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited and we
          may not be able to adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be
          magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currency. As
          a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment.


          It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigation or collect evidence within China.
          Shareholder claims or regulatory investigation that are common in the United States generally are difficult to
          pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other
          obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigation initiated outside China.
          Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities
          regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration,
          such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in the
          absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC
          Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is
          allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While
          detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for
          an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China
          may further increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests.




98   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and
affect the value of your investment.
The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain
cases, the remittance of currency out of the Chinese mainland. We receive substantially all of our revenues in
RMB. Under our current corporate structure, our company in the Cayman Islands may rely on dividend payments
from our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have. Under existing PRC
foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and
service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from
SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. Therefore, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries
in the Chinese mainland are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior approval from
SAFE, subject to the condition that the remittance of such dividends outside of the PRC complies with certain
procedures under PRC foreign exchange regulation, such as the overseas investment registrations by our
shareholders or the ultimate shareholders of our corporate shareholders who are PRC residents. But approval
from or registration with appropriate government authorities or delegated banks is required where RMB is to
be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of the Chinese mainland to pay capital expenses such as
the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion
restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. Although currently there are
not equivalent or similar restrictions or limitations in Hong Kong on cash transfers in, or out of, our Hong Kong
entities (including currency conversion), if certain restrictions or limitations in the Chinese mainland were to
become applicable to cash transfers in and out of Hong Kong entities (including currency conversion) in the
future, the funds in our Hong Kong entities, likewise, may not be available to meet our currency demand. If
the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our
foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders,
including holders of our ADSs. As a result, the funds in our PRC subsidiaries or the consolidated variable interest
entities in the Chinese mainland may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the Chinese
mainland due to interventions in, or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on, the ability of our holding
company, our subsidiaries, or the consolidated variable interest entities by the PRC government on currency
conversion.


PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign
investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.
PRC regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions including the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M&A Rules, established additional procedures
and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming
and complex. For example, the M&A Rules require that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of
any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if
(i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have impact on
the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise
which holds famous trademarks or PRC time-honored brands.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        99
      Part I (Continued)




           In addition, the security review rules issued by the Ministry of Commerce that became effective in September
           2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security”
           concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over
           domestic enterprises that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of
           Commerce, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring
           the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. These laws and regulations are continually
           evolving as newly enacted Foreign Investment Law took effect. On December 19, 2020, the Measures for
           the Security Review for Foreign Investment was jointly issued by the NDRC and Ministry of Commerce and
           took effect from January 18, 2021. The Measures for the Security Review for Foreign Investment specified
           provisions concerning the security review mechanism on foreign investment, including the types of investments
           subject to review, review scopes and procedures, among others. As these measures are recently promulgated,
           official guidance has not been issued by the designated office in charge of such security review yet. At this
           stage, the interpretation of those measures remains unclear in many aspects such as what would constitute
           “important information technology and internet services and products” and whether these measures may apply
           to foreign investment that is implemented or completed before the enactment of these new measures. In the
           future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements
           of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time
           consuming, and any required approval processes may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions.
           It is unclear whether our business would be deemed to be in an industry that raises “national defense and
           security” or “national security” concerns. However, the Ministry of Commerce, NDRC or other government
           agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that our business is in an industry subject to
           the security review, in which case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including those by way of entering into
           contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to
           expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be
           materially and adversely affected.


           PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents
           may subject our PRC resident beneficial owners or our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China to
           liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into these subsidiaries, limit these subsidiaries’
           ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits to us, or may otherwise adversely affect us.
           The Notice on Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund-Raising and Round-Trip
           Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies, or SAFE
           Circular 75, requires PRC residents to register with the relevant local branch of SAFE before establishing or
           controlling any company outside of China, referred to as an offshore special purpose company, for the purpose
           of raising funds from overseas to acquire or exchange the assets of, or acquiring equity interests in, PRC entities
           held by such PRC residents and to update such registration in the event of any significant changes with respect
           to that offshore company. SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange
           Control on Domestic Residents’ Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special
           Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, in July 2014, which replaced SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires




100   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




PRC residents to register with local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect
control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents’
legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in
SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose vehicle.” The term “control” under SAFE Circular 37 is broadly defined
as the operation rights, beneficiary rights or decision-making rights acquired by the PRC residents in the offshore
special purpose vehicles or PRC companies by such means as acquisition, trust, proxy, voting rights, repurchase,
convertible bonds or other arrangements. SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment to the registration in the
event of any changes with respect to the basic information of the special purpose vehicle, such as changes in
a PRC resident individual shareholder, name or operation period; or any significant changes with respect to the
special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer
or exchange, merger, division or other material event. If the shareholders of the offshore holding company who
are PRC residents do not complete their registration with the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries may be
prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation
to the offshore company, and the offshore company may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional
capital to its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with SAFE registration and amendment requirements
described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. In
February 2015, SAFE issued the Circular on Further Simplifying and Improving the Policies Concerning Foreign
Exchange Control on Direct Investment, or SAFE Circular 13, which took effect on June 1, 2015. SAFE Circular
13 has delegated to the qualified banks the authority to register all PRC residents’ investment in “special
purpose vehicle” pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, except that those PRC residents who have failed to comply
with SAFE Circular 37 will remain to fall into the jurisdiction of the local SAFE branch and must make their
supplementary registration application with the local SAFE branch.


We have requested PRC residents who we know hold direct or indirect interest in our company to make the
necessary applications, filings and amendments as required under SAFE Circular 37 and other related rules.
Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our founder and beneficial owner, has completed required registrations with SAFE in
relation to our financing and restructuring and will make amendments when needed and required in accordance
with SAFE Circular 37. However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents holding
direct or indirect interest in our company, and we cannot provide any assurance that these PRC residents will
comply with our request to make or obtain any applicable registrations or comply with other requirements under
SAFE Circular 37 or other related rules. The failure or inability of our PRC resident shareholders to comply with
the registration procedures set forth in these regulations may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict
our cross-border investment activities, limit the ability of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China to
distribute dividends and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we
may also be prohibited from injecting additional capital into these subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with
the various foreign exchange registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law
for circumventing applicable foreign exchange restrictions. As a result, our business operations and our ability to
distribute profits to you could be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        101
      Part I (Continued)




           Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee stock
           incentive plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative
           sanctions.
           Pursuant to the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals
           Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed Company, issued by SAFE in February 2012,
           employees, directors, supervisors and other senior management participating in any stock incentive plan of
           an overseas publicly listed company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in China for a
           continuous period of not less than one year, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE
           through a domestic qualified agent, which could be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and
           complete certain other procedures. We and our directors, executive officers and other employees who are PRC
           citizens or who reside in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted
           restricted shares, restricted share units or options are subject to these regulations. Failure to complete the SAFE
           registrations may subject them to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional
           capital into our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China and limit these subsidiaries’ ability to distribute
           dividends to us. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive
           plans for our directors and employees under PRC law.


           Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by local
           governments. Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an adverse effect on
           our results of operations.
           In the past, local governments in China granted certain financial incentives from time to time to our PRC
           subsidiaries or consolidated variable interest entities as part of their efforts to encourage the development
           of local businesses. We received approximately RMB2,545 million, RMB2,482 million and RMB2,773 million
           (US$402 million) financial incentives from local governments relating to our business operations in 2020, 2021
           and 2022, respectively. The timing, amount and criteria of government financial incentives are determined within
           the sole discretion of the local government authorities and cannot be predicted with certainty before we actually
           receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have the ability to influence local governments in making
           these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or eliminate incentives at any time. We cannot assure
           you of the continued availability of the government incentives currently enjoyed by our PRC subsidiaries or
           consolidated variable interest entities. Any reduction or elimination of incentives would have an adverse effect
           on our results of operations.


           If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could
           result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.
           Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside
           of the PRC with “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will be
           subject to the enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25%. The implementation rules define
           the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises full and substantial control and overall
           management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In April 2009,
           the State Taxation Administration, or the STA, issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain
           specific criteria for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that
           is incorporated offshore is located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled


102   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria
set forth in the circular may reflect the STA’s general position on how the “de facto management body” text
should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises. According to Circular 82,
an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be regarded
as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having its “de facto management body” in China and will be subject to PRC
enterprise income tax on its global income only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary location
of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial
and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC;
(iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholder
resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board members or senior
executives habitually reside in the PRC.


We believe that none of JD.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC
tax purposes. See “Additional Information — Taxation — People’s Republic of China Taxation.” However, the
tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties
remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” If the PRC tax authorities
determine that JD.com, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise
income tax purposes, they would be subject to a 25% enterprise income tax on their global income. If these
entities derive income other than dividends from their wholly-owned subsidiaries in the PRC, a 25% enterprise
income tax on their global income may increase our tax burden. If JD.com, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries outside
of China is classified as a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to it from its wholly-owned subsidiaries
in China may be regarded as tax-exempted income if such dividends are deemed to be “dividends between
qualified PRC resident enterprises” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules.
However, we cannot assure you that such dividends will not be subject to PRC withholding tax, as the PRC tax
authorities, which enforce the withholding tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of
outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC income tax purposes.


In addition, if JD.com, Inc. is classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes and unless a tax
treaty or similar arrangement provides otherwise, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax
from dividends we pay to our shareholders that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our
ADSs. In addition, non-resident enterprise shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a 10%
PRC withholding tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares, if such
income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. Furthermore, gains derived by our non-PRC individual
shareholders from the sale of our shares and ADSs may be subject to a 20% PRC withholding tax. It is unclear
whether our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax
on dividends obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in the event we are determined to be a PRC
resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to such dividends, it would generally apply at a rate of 20%
unless a reduced rate is available under an applicable tax treaty. However, it is also unclear whether non-PRC
shareholders of JD.com, Inc. would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax
residence and the PRC in the event that JD.com, Inc. is treated as a PRC resident enterprise.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        103
      Part I (Continued)




           Under the Arrangement Between the PRC and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance
           of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, the dividend
           withholding tax rate may be reduced to 5%, if a Hong Kong resident enterprise is considered a non-PRC
           tax resident enterprise and holds at least 25% of the equity interests in the PRC enterprise distributing the
           dividends. However, if the Hong Kong resident enterprise is not considered to be the beneficial owner of such
           dividends under applicable PRC tax regulations, such dividends may remain subject to withholding tax at a
           rate of 10%. In October 2009, the STA issued a circular, known as Circular 601, which provides guidance on
           determining whether an enterprise is a “beneficial owner” under China’s tax treaties and tax arrangements.
           Circular 601 provides that, in order to be a beneficial owner, an entity generally must be engaged in substantive
           business activities, and that a company that is set up for the purpose of avoiding or reducing taxes or
           transferring or accumulating profits will not be regarded as a beneficial owner and will not qualify for treaty
           benefits such as preferential dividend withholding tax rates. In February 2018, the STA issued a new circular
           (Circular 9) to replace Circular 601, which came into effect on April 1, 2018. Circular 9 provides a more flexible
           framework in determining whether an applicant engages in substantive business activities. In addition, in the
           event that an enterprise does not satisfy the criteria for “beneficial owner,” but the person who holds 100%
           ownership interests in the enterprise directly or indirectly satisfies the criteria for “beneficial owner” and the
           circumstances fall under Circular 9, the enterprise will be deemed as a “beneficial owner.” If our Hong Kong
           subsidiaries are, in the light of Circular 9, considered to be a non-beneficial owner for purposes of the tax
           arrangement mentioned above, any dividends paid to them by our wholly foreign-owned PRC subsidiaries would
           not qualify for the preferential dividend withholding tax rate of 5%, but rather would be subject to a rate of 10%.


           We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by
           their non-PRC holding companies, and heightened scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax
           authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future.
           The STA has issued several rules and notices to tighten the scrutiny over acquisition transactions in recent
           years, including the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers
           by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises issued in December 2009, or STA Circular 698, the Notice on Several
           Issues Regarding the Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises promulgated issued in March 2011, or
           STA Circular 24, and the Notice on Certain Corporate Income Tax Matters on Indirect Transfer of Properties
           by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises issued in February 2015, or STA Circular 7. Pursuant to these rules and
           notices, if a non-PRC resident enterprise indirectly transfers PRC taxable properties, referring to properties of
           an establishment or a place in the PRC, real estate properties in the PRC or equity investments in a PRC tax
           resident enterprise, by disposing of equity interest in an overseas holding company, such indirect transfer should
           be deemed as a direct transfer of PRC taxable properties and gains derived from such indirect transfer may be
           subject to the PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10%. STA Circular 7 sets out several factors to be taken
           into consideration by tax authorities in determining whether an indirect transfer has a reasonable commercial
           purpose. An indirect transfer satisfying all the following criteria will be deemed to lack reasonable commercial
           purpose and be taxable under PRC law: (i) 75% or more of the equity value of the intermediary enterprise
           being transferred is derived directly or indirectly from the PRC taxable properties; (ii) at any time during the
           one-year period before the indirect transfer, 90% or more of the asset value of the intermediary enterprise
           (excluding cash) is comprised directly or indirectly of investments in the PRC, or 90% or more of its income is
           derived directly or indirectly from the PRC; (iii) the functions performed and risks assumed by the intermediary


104   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




enterprise and any of its subsidiaries that directly or indirectly hold the PRC taxable properties are limited and
are insufficient to prove their economic substance; and (iv) the foreign tax payable on the gain derived from the
indirect transfer of the PRC taxable properties is lower than the potential PRC income tax on the direct transfer
of such assets. Nevertheless, the indirect transfer falling into the safe harbor available under STA Circular 7 may
not be subject to PRC tax and the scope of the safe harbor includes qualified group restructuring as specifically
set out in STA Circular 7, public market trading and tax treaty exemptions.


In October 2017, the STA released the Public Notice Regarding Issues Concerning the Withholding of
Non-resident Enterprise Income Tax at Source, or STA Public Notice 37, effective from December 2017.
STA Public Notice 37 replaced a series of important circulars, including but not limited to STA Circular 698,
and revised the rules governing the administration of withholding tax on China-source income derived by a
nonresident enterprise. STA Public Notice 37 provides for certain key changes to the previous withholding
regime. For example, the withholding obligation for a non-resident enterprise deriving dividend arises on the date
on which the payment is actually made rather than on the date of the resolution that declared the dividends.


Under STA Circular 7 and STA Public Notice 37, the entities or individuals obligated to pay the transfer price
to the transferor are the withholding agents and must withhold the PRC income tax from the transfer price if
the indirect transfer is subject to the PRC enterprise income tax. If the withholding agent fails to do so, the
transferor should report to and pay the tax to the PRC tax authorities. In the event that neither the withholding
agent nor the transferor fulfills their obligations under STA Circular 7 and STA Public Notice 37, according to the
applicable law, apart from imposing penalties such as late payment interest on the transferor, the tax authority
may also hold the withholding agent liable and impose a penalty of 50% to 300% of the unpaid tax on the
withholding agent. The penalty imposed on the withholding agent may be reduced or waived if the withholding
agent has submitted the relevant materials in connection with the indirect transfer to the PRC tax authorities in
accordance with STA Circular 7.


However, as there is a lack of clear statutory interpretation, we face uncertainties on the reporting and
consequences on future private equity financing transactions, share exchange or other transactions involving
the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises, or sale or purchase of
shares in other non-PRC resident companies or other taxable assets by us. Our company and other non-resident
enterprises in our group may be subject to filing obligations or being taxed if our company and other non-resident
enterprises in our group are transferors in such transactions, and may be subject to withholding obligations if our
company and other non-resident enterprises in our group are transferees in such transactions. For the transfer
of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises, our PRC subsidiaries may be
requested to assist in the filing under the rules and notices. As a result, we may be required to expend valuable
resources to comply with these rules and notices or to request the relevant transferors from whom we purchase
taxable assets to comply, or to establish that our company and other non-resident enterprises in our group should
not be taxed under these rules and notices, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. There is no assurance that the tax authorities will not apply the rules and notices to
our offshore restructuring transactions where non-PRC residents were involved if any of such transactions were
determined by the tax authorities to lack reasonable commercial purpose. As a result, we and our non-PRC
resident investors may be at risk of being taxed under these rules and notices and may be required to comply


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        105
      Part I (Continued)




           with or to establish that we should not be taxed under such rules and notices, which may have a material adverse
           effect on our financial condition and results of operations or such non-PRC resident investors’ investments in us.
           We have conducted acquisition transactions in the past and may conduct additional acquisition transactions in
           the future. We cannot assure you that the PRC tax authorities will not, at their discretion, adjust any capital gains
           and impose tax return filing obligations on us or require us to provide assistance for the investigation of PRC tax
           authorities with respect thereto. Heightened scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax authorities may
           have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future.


           Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
           The trading price of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be
           volatile, which could result in substantial losses to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
           The trading prices of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares have been and are likely to continue to be
           volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
           For example, the highest and lowest closing prices of our ADSs on Nasdaq in 2022 were US$76.36 and
           US$36.66, respectively. Likewise, the highest and lowest closing prices of our Class A ordinary shares on the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2022 were HK$306.2 and HK$141.8, respectively. In addition, the performance
           and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located mainly in China that
           have listed their securities in Hong Kong and/or the United States may affect the volatility in the prices of
           and trading volumes for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The securities of some of these companies
           have experienced significant volatility since their initial public offerings, including, in some cases, substantial
           price declines in the trading prices of their securities. The trading performances of other Chinese companies’
           securities after their offerings, including internet and e-commerce companies, may affect the attitudes of
           investors toward Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong and/or the United States, which consequently may
           impact the trading performance of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual operating
           performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions about inadequate corporate governance practices
           or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or matters of other Chinese companies may also negatively affect
           the attitudes of investors towards Chinese companies in general, including us, regardless of whether we have
           conducted any inappropriate activities. Furthermore, securities markets may from time to time experience
           significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to our operating performance, such as the large
           decline in share prices in the United States in early 2020, which may have a material and adverse effect on the
           trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


           In addition to the above factors, the price and trading volume of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be
           highly volatile due to multiple factors, including the following:


           •    regulatory developments affecting us or our industry, customers, suppliers or third-party merchants;


           •    announcements of studies and reports relating to the quality of our product and service offerings or those of
                our competitors;


           •    changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other online retail or e-commerce companies;




106   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and changes or revisions of our
    expected results;


•   changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


•   conditions in the online retail market;


•   announcements by us or our competitors of new product and service offerings, acquisitions, strategic
    relationships, joint ventures, capital raisings or capital commitments;


•   additions to or departures of our senior management;


•   political or market instability or disruptions, and actual or perceived social unrest in the United States,
    Hong Kong or other jurisdictions;


•   fluctuations of exchange rates among RMB, the Hong Kong dollar and the U.S. dollar;


•   release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs;


•   sales or perceived potential sales of additional Class A ordinary shares or ADSs;


•   any actual or alleged illegal acts of our senior management or other key employees;


•   any share repurchase program; and


•   proceedings instituted by the SEC against PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent
    registered public accounting firm.

We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
We completed our public offering in Hong Kong in June 2020 and the trading of our Class A ordinary shares on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on June 18, 2020 under the stock code “9618.” As a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are not
subject to certain provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 19C.11, including, among others,
rules on notifiable transactions, connected transactions, share option schemes, content of financial statements
as well as certain other continuing obligations. In addition, in connection with the listing of our Class A ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have applied for a number of waivers and/or exemptions from
strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions)
Ordinance, the Takeovers Codes and the SFO. As a result, we will adopt different practices as to those
matters as compared with other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those
exemptions or waivers.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        107
      Part I (Continued)




           Furthermore, if 55% or more of the total worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our Class A ordinary
           shares and ADSs over our most recent fiscal year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard us as having a dual primary listing in Hong Kong and we will no longer
           enjoy certain exemptions or waivers from strict compliance with the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing
           Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, the Takeovers Codes and the
           SFO, which could result in us having to amend our corporate structure and articles of association and our
           incurring of incremental compliance costs.


           We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share
           repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value, and share repurchases could increase the
           volatility of the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could diminish our cash reserves.
           On March 17, 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program, under which we may
           repurchase up to US$2.0 billion of our ADSs or ordinary shares over the next 24 months through March 17,
           2022. On December 29, 2021, our board of directors approved modifications to the share repurchase program
           adopted in March 2020, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has increased from US$2.0 billion to
           US$3.0 billion and has been extended until March 17, 2024. From March 17, 2020 to the date of this annual
           report, we repurchased approximately 20.3 million ADSs at a weighted average price of US$63.67 per ADS. Our
           share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or
           terminated at any time.


           If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
           about our business, the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume
           could decline.
           The trading market for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will depend in part on the research and reports
           that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and
           maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our Class A
           ordinary shares and/or ADSs or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
           price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease
           coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial
           markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price of or trading volume for our Class A ordinary shares and/or
           ADSs to decline.


           You may need to rely on price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs for return on
           your investment due to our dividend policy.
           Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends subject to our current
           memorandum and articles of association, which were adopted by a special resolution passed at the annual
           general meeting of our company held on June 23, 2021, and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law.
           In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may exceed the
           amount recommended by our board of directors. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay
           dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our
           future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the amount of distributions,




108   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors
deemed relevant by our board of directors. Accordingly, the return on your investment in our Class A ordinary
shares and/or ADSs will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares
and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee that our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will appreciate in value or even
maintain the price at which you purchased the Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. You may not realize a return
on your investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and you may even lose your entire investment in
our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the
public market could cause the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline.
Sales of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the public market, or the perception that these sales could
occur, could cause the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline. As of February
28, 2023, we had 3,147,816,729 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, comprising of (i) 2,761,442,006
Class A ordinary shares (excluding the 31,856,338 Class A ordinary shares issued to our depositary bank for
bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuances upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under
our Share Incentive Plan), and (ii) 386,374,723 Class B ordinary shares. The remaining authorized but unissued
Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares will be available for sale, subject to volume and other
restrictions as applicable under Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act. Certain holders of our ordinary
shares may cause us to register under the Securities Act the sale of their shares. Registration of these shares
under the Securities Act would result in ADSs representing these shares becoming freely tradable without
restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the effectiveness of the registration. Sales of these
registered shares in the form of ADSs in the public market could cause the price of our Class A ordinary shares
and/or ADSs to decline.


Holders of our ADSs may have fewer rights than holders of our ordinary shares and must act through the
depositary to exercise those rights.
Holders of ADSs do not have the same rights of our shareholders and may only exercise the voting rights with
respect to the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs in accordance with the provisions
of the deposit agreement. Pursuant to the second amended and restated memorandum of association and
articles of association of our company, or our current memorandum of association and articles of association,
adopted on June 23, 2021, the minimum notice period required to convene a general meeting is 14 days, for
as long as our Class A shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. When a general meeting is
convened, holders of ADSs may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit withdrawal of
the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by their ADSs to allow them to cast their votes with respect
to any specific matter. In addition, the depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to
holders of ADSs or carry out your voting instructions in a timely manner. We will make all reasonable efforts
to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to holders of ADSs in a timely manner, but we cannot assure
that holders of ADSs will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct the depositary to
vote their ADSs. Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out
any instructions to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result,
holders of ADSs may not be able to exercise their right to vote and may lack recourse if the underlying ordinary
shares represented by their ADSs are not voted as they requested. In addition, holders of ADSs will not be able
to call a shareholders’ meeting.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        109
      Part I (Continued)




           Except in limited circumstances, the depositary for our ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the
           Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders of these ADSs do not vote at shareholders’ meetings,
           which could adversely affect the interests of the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
           Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, if you do not vote, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy
           to vote the Class A ordinary shares underlying your ADSs at shareholders’ meetings unless:


           •    we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


           •    we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the
                meeting;


           •    a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders; or


           •    the voting at the meeting is to be made on a show of hands.

           The effect of this discretionary proxy is that holders of ADSs cannot prevent our underlying Class A ordinary
           shares represented by their ADSs from being voted, except under the circumstances described above. This may
           make it more difficult for shareholders to influence the management of our company. Holders of our ordinary
           shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


           The right of our ADS holders to participate in any future rights offerings may be limited, which may
           cause dilution to holdings of our ADS holders.
           We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities.
           However, we cannot make rights available to holders of our ADSs in the United States unless we register
           both the rights and the securities to which the rights relate under the Securities Act or an exemption from
           the registration requirements is available. Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not make rights
           available to ADS holders unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed to ADS holders
           are either registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act. We are
           under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or securities or to endeavor
           to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective and we may not be able to establish a necessary
           exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Accordingly, our ADS holders may be unable to participate
           in our rights offerings and may experience dilution in their holdings.


           Holders of our ADSs may not receive cash dividends if the depositary decides it is impractical to make
           them available to them.
           The depositary will pay cash dividends on the ADSs only to the extent that we decide to distribute dividends
           on our Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities. To the extent that there is a distribution, the
           depositary of our ADSs has agreed to pay to holders of our ADSs the cash dividends or other distributions it or
           the custodian receives on our Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and
           expenses. ADS holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of Class A ordinary shares
           their ADSs represent. However, the depositary may, at its discretion, decide that it is inequitable or impractical
           to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, the depositary may determine that it is



110   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




not practicable to distribute certain property through the mail, or that the value of certain distributions may be
less than the cost of mailing them. In these cases, the depositary may decide not to distribute such property to
holders of our ADSs.


Holders of our ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books
at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. In
addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books
or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deems it advisable to do so
because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the
deposit agreement, or for any other reason.


Certain judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable.
We are an exempted company with limited liability registered by way of continuation under the laws of the
Cayman Islands. We primarily conduct our operations in the Chinese mainland and substantially all of our
assets are located in the Chinese mainland. In addition, our directors and executive officers, and some of our
experts reside within the Chinese mainland, and most of the assets of these persons are located within the
Chinese mainland. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to effect service of process within the
United States or Hong Kong upon us or these persons, or to bring an action against us or against these persons
in the United States or Hong Kong in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the
U.S. federal securities laws, Hong Kong laws or otherwise. Even if you are successful in bringing an action of
this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands and of the PRC may render you unable to enforce a judgment against
our assets or the assets of our directors and officers.


There is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the Hong Kong courts or
federal or state courts of the United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the
reciprocal enforcement or recognition of such judgments). A judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be
recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination
of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand
Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment (a) is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction,
(b) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given,
(c) is final and conclusive, (d) is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, (e) is not inconsistent with a Cayman
Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, and (f) is not impeachable on the grounds of fraud and was not
obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands. However, the Cayman Islands courts are unlikely to enforce a judgment obtained
from the U.S. or Hong Kong courts under civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities law or Hong Kong
law if such judgment is determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands to give rise to obligations to make
payments that are penal or punitive in nature. Because such a determination has not yet been made by a court
of the Cayman Islands, it is uncertain whether such civil liability judgments from U.S. or Hong Kong courts would
be enforceable in the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
proceedings are being brought elsewhere.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022         111
      Part I (Continued)




           The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law.
           PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil
           Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on
           principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other forms of reciprocity
           with the United States that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In
           addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, the PRC courts will not enforce a foreign judgment against
           us or our director and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC laws or
           national sovereignty, security or public interest. As a result, it is uncertain whether and on what basis a PRC
           court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States.


           Since we are a Cayman Islands exempted company, the rights of our shareholders may be more limited
           than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States or Hong Kong.
           Under the laws of some jurisdictions in the United States, majority and controlling shareholders generally have
           certain fiduciary responsibilities to the minority shareholders. Shareholder action must be taken in good faith, and
           actions by controlling shareholders which are obviously unreasonable may be declared null and void. Cayman
           Islands law protecting the interests of minority shareholders may not be as protective in all circumstances as
           the law protecting minority shareholders in some U.S. jurisdictions. In addition, the circumstances in which a
           shareholder of a Cayman Islands company may sue the company derivatively, and the procedures and defenses
           that may be available to the company, may result in the rights of shareholders of a Cayman Islands company
           being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States.


           Furthermore, our directors have the power to take certain actions without shareholder approval which would
           require shareholder approval under Hong Kong law or the laws of most U.S. jurisdictions. The directors of a
           Cayman Islands company, without shareholder approval, may implement a sale of any assets, property, part
           of the business, or securities of the company. Our ability to create and issue new classes or series of shares
           without shareholders’ approval could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control
           without any further action by our shareholders, including a tender offer to purchase our ordinary shares at a
           premium over then current market prices.


           Furthermore, our articles of association are specific to us and include certain provisions that may be different
           from common practices in Hong Kong, such as the absence of requirements that the appointment, removal and
           remuneration of auditors must be approved by a majority of our shareholders.


           Our current memorandum and articles of association contains anti-takeover provisions that could
           discourage a third party from acquiring us and adversely affect the rights of holders of our Class A
           ordinary shares and/or ADSs.
           Our current memorandum and articles of association contain certain provisions that could limit the ability of
           others to acquire control of our company, including a dual-class voting structure that gives disproportionate
           voting power to the Class B ordinary shares held by Max Smart Limited, a company beneficially owned through
           a trust wholly-owned by our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and of which he is the sole director, and




112   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




those held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited of which Mr. Liu is the sole shareholder and sole director. As of
February 28, 2023, Mr. Liu beneficially owned 73.9% of the aggregate voting power of our company, including
3.5% of the aggregate voting power of our company that he may exercise on behalf of Fortune Rising Holdings
Limited. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited holds the shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the
plan participants according to our awards under our Share Incentive Plan, and administers the awards and acts
according to our instruction. In addition, our current memorandum and articles of association also contains a
provision that grants authority to our board of directors to establish and issue from time to time one or more
series of preferred shares without action by our shareholders and to determine, with respect to any series
of preferred shares, the terms and rights of that series. These provisions could have the effect of depriving
our shareholders of the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price by
discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar transactions.


We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Exchange Act, and as such we
are exempt from certain provisions applicable to U.S. domestic public companies.
Because we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain provisions
of the securities rules and regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S. domestic issuers,
including:


•   the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the SEC of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or
    current reports on Form 8-K;


•   the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents, or authorizations in respect
    of a security registered under the Exchange Act;


•   the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their stock ownership and trading
    activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time; and


•   the selective disclosure rules by issuers of material nonpublic information under Regulation FD.

We are required to file an annual report within four months of the end of each fiscal year. In addition, we intend
to publish our results on a quarterly basis as press releases, distributed pursuant to the rules and regulations of
Nasdaq. Press releases relating to financial results and material events will also be furnished to the SEC on Form
6-K. However, the information we are required to file with or furnish to the SEC will be less extensive and less
timely compared to that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers. As a result, you may not be
afforded the same protections or information that would be made available to you were you investing in a U.S.
domestic issuer.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        113
      Part I (Continued)




           As a Cayman Islands exempted company, we are permitted to adopt certain home country practices in
           relation to corporate governance matters that differ significantly from Nasdaq corporate governance
           listing standards; these practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they would enjoy if we
           complied fully with Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards.
           As a Cayman Islands exempted company listed on Nasdaq, we are subject to Nasdaq corporate governance
           listing standards. However, Nasdaq rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate
           governance practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which
           is our home country, may differ significantly from Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. For example,
           neither the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands nor our current memorandum and articles
           of association requires a majority of our directors to be independent and we could include non-independent
           directors as members of our compensation committee and nominating committee, and our independent
           directors would not necessarily hold regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are
           present. If we choose to follow certain home country practice in the future, our shareholders may be afforded
           less protection than they otherwise would under Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards applicable to
           U.S. domestic issuers.


           We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company for United States federal income tax
           purposes, which could subject United States investors in the ADSs or ordinary shares to significant
           adverse tax consequences.
           A non-United States corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a PFIC for United States federal
           income tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such year consists
           of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (generally determined on the
           basis of a quarterly average) during such year produce or are held for the production of passive income.


           Although the law in this regard is unclear, we treat the consolidated variable interest entities as being owned by
           us for United States federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and we are
           entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits, and, as a result, we consolidate their results of operations
           in our U.S. GAAP financial statements and treat them as being owned by us for United States federal income
           tax purposes. If it were determined, however, that we are not the owner of the consolidated variable interest
           entities for United States federal income tax purposes, we may be treated as a PFIC for our taxable year ended
           December 31, 2022 and in future taxable years.


           Based on our current income and assets and the value of our ADSs and outstanding ordinary shares, we do
           not believe that we were a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and we do not expect to be
           classified as a PFIC in the current taxable year or the foreseeable future. Because PFIC status is a fact-intensive
           determination, no assurance can be given that we will not be classified as a PFIC for that year. While we do not
           anticipate becoming a PFIC, changes in the composition of our income or assets, or fluctuations in the market
           price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, may cause us to become a PFIC for future taxable years. In
           estimating the value of our goodwill and other unbooked intangibles, we have taken into account our market
           capitalization, which may fluctuate over time. Among other factors, if our market capitalization subsequently
           declines, we may be or become classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. Under circumstances




114   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




where revenues from activities that produce passive income significantly increase relative to our revenues from
activities that produce non-passive income or where we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for
working capital or other purposes, our risk of becoming classified as a PFIC may substantially increase.


If we were to be or become a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder (as defined in “Additional
Information — Taxation — United States Federal Income Tax Considerations”) holds our ADSs or ordinary
shares, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could apply to such U.S. Holder. See “Additional
Information — Taxation — United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.”


We incur increased costs as a result of being a public company.
As a public company, we incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a
private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq,
have detailed requirements concerning corporate governance practices of public companies, including Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act relating to internal controls over financial reporting. We expect these rules and
regulations applicable to public companies to increase our accounting, legal and financial compliance costs
and to make certain corporate activities more time-consuming and costly. Our management will be required to
devote substantial time and attention to our public company reporting obligations and other compliance matters.
We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules and regulations, and we
cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. We will also
incur additional costs as a result of the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Our reporting and other compliance obligations as a public company may place a strain on our management,
operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future.


In the past, shareholders of a public company often brought securities class action suits against the company
following periods of instability in the market price of that company’s securities. If we were involved in a class
action suit, it could divert a significant amount of our management’s attention and other resources from our
business and operations, which could harm our results of operations and require us to incur significant expenses
to defend the suit. Any such class action suit, whether or not successful, could harm our reputation and restrict
our ability to raise capital in the future. In addition, if a claim is successfully made against us, we may be
required to pay significant damages, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations.


The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the U.S. may negatively affect the
trading prices of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares.
As a dual-listed company, we are subject to Hong Kong and Nasdaq listing and regulatory requirements
concurrently. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Nasdaq have different trading hours, trading characteristics
(including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels
of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the trading prices of our ADSs and
our Class A ordinary shares may not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the
price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to the U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely
affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares, or vice versa. Certain events having significant negative impact




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        115
      Part I (Continued)




           specifically on the U.S. capital markets may result in a decline in the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares
           notwithstanding that such event may not impact the trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong generally or
           to the same extent, or vice versa.


           Exchange between our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect the liquidity and/or
           trading price of each other.
           Our ADSs are currently traded on Nasdaq. Subject to compliance with U.S. securities law and the terms of
           the deposit agreement, holders of our Class A ordinary shares may deposit Class A ordinary shares with the
           depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may also withdraw the underlying
           Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement for trading on
           the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are deposited
           with the depositary in exchange for ADSs or vice versa, the liquidity and trading price of our Class A ordinary
           shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and our ADSs on Nasdaq may be adversely affected.


           The time required for the exchange between Class A ordinary shares and ADSs might be longer than
           expected and investors might not be able to settle or effect any sale of their securities during this period,
           and the exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs involves costs.
           There is no direct trading or settlement between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on which our
           ADSs and our Class A ordinary shares are respectively traded. In addition, the time differences between
           Hong Kong and New York and unforeseen market circumstances or other factors may delay the deposit of
           Class A ordinary shares in exchange of ADSs or the withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs.
           Investors will be prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their securities during such periods of delay. In
           addition, there is no assurance that any exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be
           completed in accordance with the timelines investors may anticipate.


           Furthermore, the depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for
           the issuance of ADSs upon deposit of Class A ordinary shares, cancelation of ADSs, distributions of cash
           dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share
           distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. As a result, shareholders who
           exchange Class A ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not achieve the level of economic return the
           shareholders may anticipate.


           We are exposed to risks associated with the potential spin-off of one or more of our businesses.
           We are exposed to risks associated with the potential spin-off of one or more of our businesses. On
           December 8, 2020, we completed the spin-off and listing of JD Health, a consolidated subsidiary of our
           company, on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. On May 28, 2021, we completed the spin-off
           and listing of JD Logistics, a consolidated subsidiary of our company, on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange. On March 30, 2023, each of JD Property and JD Industrials, through their respective joint sponsors,
           submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and




116   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




permission to deal in, their respective shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no
assurance as to whether or when any of the proposed listings may take place. We may continue to explore the
ongoing financing requirements for our various other businesses and may consider a spin-off listing for one or
more of those businesses. We cannot assure you that any spin-off will ultimately be consummated, any such
spin-off will be subject to market conditions at the time and approval by the listing committee of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange or other equivalent regulatory agencies. In the event that we proceed with a spin-off, our
interest in the entity to be spun-off (and its corresponding contribution to the financial results of our company)
will be reduced accordingly.


An active trading market for our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange might not
develop or be sustained and trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares might fluctuate significantly.
Since the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have consistently been
an actively-traded company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that an active
trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained. The trading price
or liquidity for our ADSs on Nasdaq might not be indicative of those of our Class A ordinary shares on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange. If an active trading market of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares could be materially and adversely affected.


In 2014, the Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges collaborated to create an inter-exchange
trading mechanism called Stock Connect that allows international and mainland Chinese investors to trade
eligible equity securities listed in each other’s markets through the trading and clearing facilities of their home
exchange. Stock Connect currently covers over 2,000 equity securities trading in the Hong Kong, Shanghai
and Shenzhen markets. Stock Connect allows mainland Chinese investors to trade directly in eligible equity
securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, known as Southbound Trading; without Stock Connect,
mainland Chinese investors would not otherwise have a direct and established means of engaging in Southbound
Trading. In October 2019, the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges separately announced their amended
implementation rules in connection with Southbound Trading to include shares of companies of a dual-class
voting structure to be traded through Stock Connect. However, since these rules are relatively new, there
remains uncertainty as to the implementation details, especially with respect to shares of those companies with a
secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It is unclear whether and when the Class A ordinary shares
of our company, which has a dual-class voting structure with a secondary listing in Hong Kong, will be eligible to
be traded through Stock Connect, if at all. The ineligibility or any delay of our Class A ordinary shares for trading
through Stock Connect will affect mainland Chinese investors’ ability to trade our Class A ordinary shares and
therefore may limit the liquidity of the trading of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         117
      Part I (Continued)




           There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our
           ADSs.
           In connection with our initial public offering of Class A ordinary shares in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong IPO,
           we have established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register. Our
           Class A ordinary shares that are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including those to be issued in
           the Hong Kong IPO and those that may be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share
           register, and the trading of these Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be subject to
           the Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between Nasdaq and the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we also moved a portion of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of
           members maintained in the Cayman Islands to our Hong Kong share register.


           Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects any sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock,
           defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to pay Hong Kong
           stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at 0.13% (rounded up to the nearest dollar) on the value of the
           transaction, on both the buyer and the seller.


           To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
           conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have
           maintained all or a portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong
           share registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of
           ADSs of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong-registered
           ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors
           on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or
           conversion of our ADSs, the trading price and the value of your investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or
           ADSs may be affected.


      Information on the Company
      A.   History and Development of the Company
           Our Corporate History
           Our chairman, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, launched an online retail website in January 2004. He subsequently
           formed a company in Beijing and another company in Shanghai and conducted his online retail business
           through these two companies. In April 2007, we established a wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, Beijing Jingdong
           Century Trade Co., Ltd., or Jingdong Century, and we acquired certain intellectual property rights from the
           two companies Mr. Liu had established earlier, which ceased business operations and were later liquidated and
           dissolved.


           In November 2006, we incorporated Star Wave Investments Holdings Limited under the laws of the British
           Virgin Islands as our offshore holding company in order to facilitate international financing. We later changed
           the name of this entity to 360buy Jingdong Inc. In January 2014, 360buy Jingdong Inc. was redomiciled in the
           Cayman Islands as an exempted company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and was renamed
           JD.com, Inc.




118   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




We have established subsidiaries inside and outside of China and assisted in establishing PRC consolidated
variable interest entities to conduct our business operations.


The significant subsidiaries that conduct business operations in China include, among others, the following:


•   Jingdong Century, established in April 2007, and certain of its subsidiaries in China, which primarily engage
    in retail business;


•   Shanghai Shengdayuan Information Technology Co., Ltd., or Shanghai Shengdayuan, which was established
    in April 2011 and primarily operates our online marketplace business; and


•   Xi’an Jingxundi Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd., or Xi’an Jingxundi, which was established in May 2017
    and primarily provides technology and consulting services relating to logistics services.

The significant consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries that conduct our business operations
in China include, among others, the following:


•   Jingdong 360, which was established in April 2007 and holds our ICP license as an internet information
    provider and operates our www.jd.com website;


•   Jiangsu Yuanzhou, which was established in September 2010 and primarily engages in the business of
    selling books, audio and video products;


•   Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, which was established in June 2017 and primarily provides technology and
    consulting services relating to logistics services;


•   Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, which was established in August 2015 and primarily engages in business of
    investment management; and


•   Suqian Juhe, which was established in June 2020 and primarily provides enterprise management services.

We also conduct certain of our business operations through other consolidated variable interest entities and
their subsidiaries, including Suqian Jingdong Tianning Jiankang Technology Co., Ltd., or Suqian Jingdong
Tianning, which was established in June 2019 and primarily provides pharmacy sales and healthcare services in
connection with JD Health’s operations.


On May 22, 2014, our ADSs commenced trading on Nasdaq under the symbol “JD.” We raised from our initial
public offering approximately US$1.5 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions, share
issuance costs and the offering expenses.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        119
      Part I (Continued)




           On June 18, 2020, our Class A ordinary shares commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange under the stock code “9618.” We raised from our global offering in connection with the listing in
           Hong Kong approximately RMB31.3 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions, share
           issuance costs and the offering expenses.


           Our Strategic Cooperations
           Strategic Cooperation with Tencent. On March 10, 2014, we acquired certain e-commerce businesses and
           assets from, and entered into a strategic cooperation agreement and formed a strategic partnership with
           Tencent, a leading internet company serving the largest online community in China. Tencent offers a wide
           variety of internet services in China, including social communications, online games and digital content and
           payment. Under the strategic partnership, Tencent offers us prominent access points in its mobile apps Weixin
           and Mobile QQ and provide us with traffic and other support from other key platforms, which has helped
           us generate mobile user traffic from Tencent’s large mobile user base and enhance our customers’ mobile
           shopping experience. The two parties agree to cooperate in a number of areas including mobile-related products,
           social networking services, membership systems and payment solutions. The strategic cooperation agreement
           applies within the territory of China. Under the strategic cooperation agreement, we are Tencent’s preferred
           partner for all physical goods e-commerce businesses, and Tencent agrees not to engage in any retail or
           managed marketplace business model in physical goods e-commerce businesses in China and a few selected
           international markets for a period of eight years, other than through its controlled affiliate Shanghai Icson
           E-Commerce Development Company Limited, or Shanghai Icson.


           On May 10, 2019, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for a period of three years
           starting from May 27, 2019. Tencent continued to offer us prominent level 1 and level 2 access points on its
           Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and the two companies continued to cooperate in a number of areas
           including communications, advertising and membership services, among others. Such traffic support, advertising
           spending and other cooperation amounted to over US$800 million, which was paid or spent over the next three
           years. We agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for a total consideration of
           approximately US$250 million at prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates during the subsequent
           three-year period, of which 8,127,302, 2,938,584 and 1,914,998 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in
           May 2019, May 2020 and June 2021, respectively. The issuance of Class A ordinary shares of US$250 million
           formed part of the total amount of US$800 million that was paid or spent for the traffic support, advertising and
           other cooperation from Tencent under the strategic cooperation agreement.




120   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




On March 25, 2022, Tencent completed a distribution of approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares of
our company owned by Tencent to its shareholders. Following the distribution, Tencent’s shareholding in us
was below 5% pursuant to a 13G amendment file by Tencent Holdings Limited and Huang River Investment
Limited with the SEC on March 30, 2022 and the shareholders of Tencent who receive our shares in the
distribution have become our shareholders. We and Tencent continue to maintain our mutually beneficial
business relationship, including our ongoing strategic partnership agreement. On June 29, 2022, we renewed
the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for another period of three years. Tencent continues to offer
us prominent Level I and Level II access points on its Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and we also
continue to cooperate in a number of areas including communications, technology services, marketing and
advertising, and membership services, among others. The value of such cooperation is to be paid or spent in
cash and in the form of our shares combined over the next three years. As a part of the total consideration, we
agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for a consideration of up to US$220
million by reference to prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates during the three-year period, of
which 2,164,326 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in July 2022. The two parties are leveraging this
mutually beneficial partnership to provide better and more convenient shopping experience for users.


Strategic Cooperation with Walmart. In June 2016, we entered into a series of agreements with Walmart Inc.,
or Walmart, in relation to our strategic alliance, pursuant to which Walmart subscribed for 144,952,250 of our
newly issued Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 5% of our total issued and outstanding
shares on a fully diluted basis at the time. As of February 28, 2023, Walmart held Class A ordinary shares
representing approximately 9.2% of our total issued and outstanding shares. As part of our strategic alliance
with Walmart, we acquired ownership of the Yihaodian marketplace platform assets, including the Yihaodian
brand, mobile apps and websites. We have collaborated with Walmart on e-commerce, including launching
Sam’s Club Flagship Store and Walmart Flagship Store on www.jd.com website, as well as Sam’s Club Global
Flagship Store, Walmart Global Flagship Store, ASDA Flagship Store and several category global stores to sell
specific category products (for example Walmart Beauty and Personal Care Global Store) on JD Worldwide and
a one-hour delivery service from Walmart Stores and Sam’s Clubs in select cities through the JD Daojia app.
As part of the strategic alliance, we also entered into an eight-year non-compete arrangement with Walmart,
subject to certain conditions and exceptions.


Developments of Our Subsidiaries
JD Logistics. JD Logistics is a leading technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services provider,
and its shares are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. JD Logistics has been operating
as an internal logistics department of us since 2007 and as a stand-alone business segment since April 2017.
JD Logistics offers a full spectrum of supply chain solutions and high-quality logistics services enabled by
technology, ranging from warehousing to distribution, spanning across manufacturing to end-customers,
covering regular and specialized items. On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the
Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “2618.” JD Logistics raised from the
global offering in connection with the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB22.9 billion in net proceeds after
deducting underwriting commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses. JD Logistics remains our
consolidated subsidiary after its listing.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        121
      Part I (Continued)




           In August 2020, JD Logistics acquired a controlling interest in Kuayue-Express Group Co., LTD., or Kuayue
           Express, a renowned modern integrated express transportation enterprise specializing in “limited-time express
           service” in China, for a total consideration of approximately RMB3 billion through a combination of acquiring
           existing shares and subscribing for newly issued shares of Kuayue Express.


           In March 2022, JD Logistics entered into a series of agreements in relation to the proposed acquisition of
           Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd (“Deppon”). Pursuant to the transaction agreements, JD Logistics would acquire
           approximately 99.99% of the equity interest in Ningbo Meishan Baoshui Area Deppon Investment Holding
           Company Limited, or Deppon Holdco, which in turn holds a total of approximately 66.50% of the issued share
           capital of Deppon, for a total consideration of approximately RMB9.0 billion. On July 26, 2022, JD Logistics
           completed the acquisition of more than 50% equity interest in Deppon Holdco, being the first tranche of the
           staggered acquisition arrangement. As a result, Deppon Holdco (including Deppon and its subsidiaries) has
           become a subsidiary of JD Logistics, and its financial results, except for that of certain excluded business,
           have been consolidated into JD Logistics’s consolidated financial statements. On March 25, 2022, JD Logistics
           entered into a placing agreement, pursuant to which JD Logistics had agreed to issue 150,500,000 of its
           ordinary shares to a group of third-party investors for a total purchase price of approximately US$398 million in
           a placement (the “JDL Placement”). Concurrently, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, we had entered into
           a subscription agreement with JD Logistics, pursuant to which the subsidiary had agreed to subscribe for, and
           JD Logistics had agreed to issue 261,400,000 ordinary shares of JD Logistics, at the same per share price for
           the JDL Placement, for a total purchase price of approximately US$692 million in cash (the “JD Subscription”).
           On April 1, 2022, the JDL Placement was completed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the placing
           agreement. The net proceeds from the placing amounted to approximately HK$3,102 million. On May 26, 2022,
           the JD Subscription was completed, upon which we maintained our shareholding in JD Logistics at more than
           63% and continued to consolidate JD Logistics’s financial results into our financial statements.


           JD Health. JD Health is one of the largest online healthcare platforms in China, the shares of which are
           listed on the Main Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange. JD Health is also pioneering the digitalization and
           transformation of the healthcare industry. Over the past few years, JD Health is building a comprehensive
           “Internet + healthcare” ecosystem, providing pharmaceutical and healthcare products and internet healthcare
           services to the customers. On December 8, 2020, shares of JD Health commenced trading on the Main Board
           of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “6618.” JD Health raised from the global offering
           in connection with the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB25.7 billion in net proceeds after deducting
           underwriting commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses. JD Health remains our consolidated
           subsidiary after its listing.


           JD Property. In 2018, we established JD Property, our infrastructure asset management and integrated service
           platform for developing and managing modern infrastructure to support JD Logistics and third parties.




122   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




On March 10, 2021, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for its non-redeemable series A preference
share financing with co-lead investors Hillhouse Investment and Warburg Pincus, among others. The total
amount raised was US$703 million. In March 2022 and June 2022, JD Property entered into definitive
agreements for its non-redeemable series B preferred share financing with investors led by Hillhouse
Investment, Warburg Pincus, and one leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount
raised in this round was approximately US$800 million. We remain to be the majority shareholder of JD Property
after the two rounds of financings. On March 30, 2023, JD Property, through its joint sponsors, submitted a
listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission to
deal in, its shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as to whether or
when the proposed listing may take place.


On September 1, 2021, JD Property entered into a sale and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of
CNLP, pursuant to which JD Property conditionally agreed to acquire 916,488,000 shares of CNLP, representing
approximately 26.38% of the issued share capital of CNLP, for a total consideration of approximately
HK$3,986.7 million in cash, representing a value of HK$4.35 per share. CNLP is principally engaged in the
leasing of storage facilities and the related management services in the PRC. The transaction was completed
on January 28, 2022, upon which JD Property had accumulatively acquired 1,286,011,999 shares of CNLP,
representing approximately 37.02% of the issued share capital of CNLP. On March 1, 2022, immediately
following the resignation of certain members of the board of directors of CNLP, it was deemed that JD Property
had gained control of CNLP and hence CNLP became a consolidated subsidiary of JD Property. In May 2022,
JD Property had received valid acceptance of more than 90% of the offer shares and disinterested shares
respectively, which satisfied the condition for compulsory acquisition of the remaining shares of CNLP. JD
Property subsequently exercised its rights pursuant to Section 88 of the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the
Cayman Islands to acquire the remaining shares of CNLP on the same terms as the initial share purchase. CNLP
also repurchased and canceled all of its outstanding convertible bonds. On July 14, 2022, JD Property completed
the acquisition and privatization of CNLP, and CNLP became a wholly-owned subsidiary of JD Property. The
listing of CNLP was subsequently withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 15, 2022. In addition,
CNLP completed the repurchase and cancellation all of its HK$1,109 million 6.95% convertible bonds due 2024
(the “2024 Convertible Bonds”) listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 18, 2022, and the listing of the
2024 Convertible Bonds was withdrawn on July 26, 2022.


JD Industrials. In April and December 2020 and March 2023, JD Industrials, our subsidiary which is the leading
industrials supply chain technology and service provider in China, entered into definitive agreements for non-
redeemable series A, series A-1 and series B preference share financing (“JD Industrials Series A, A-1 and
B Preference Shares”) with a group of third-party investors. The total amount of financing arising from JD
Industrials Series A, A-1 and B Preference Shares was approximately US$545 million. Upon completion of these
financings, we hold approximately 78% of the issued and outstanding shares of JD Industrials. On March 30,
2023, JD Industrials, through its joint sponsors, submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of, and permission to deal in, its shares on the Main Board of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange. There is no assurance as to whether or when the proposed listing may take place.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        123
      Part I (Continued)




           Jiangsu Five Star. In April 2019, we completed an investment in Jiangsu Five Star, one of the leading offline
           retailers of home appliances and consumer electronics in China. We acquired 46% of Jiangsu Five Star’s total
           shares from its existing shareholder for a total purchase price of RMB1.27 billion with a combination of cash
           and assumption of the seller’s debt. Following this investment, we and Jiangsu Five Star leverage each other’s
           industry expertise and strength to explore new growth opportunities in the area of omni-channel strategy and
           aim to provide consumers with a fully-integrated, smart online and offline shopping experience. In addition,
           we provided a loan of approximately RMB1.02 billion to the seller. We are also entitled to certain collateral and
           investor rights pursuant to the related definitive agreements. In the second quarter of 2020, we further acquired
           54% equity interest and consolidated Jiangsu Five Star by converting the loan of RMB1.02 billion and assuming
           the seller’s RMB428 million debt owed to Jiangsu Five Star.

           Dada. Dada is a Nasdaq-listed company and a leading local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China. It
           operates JDDJ, one of China’s largest local on-demand retail platforms for retailers and brand owners, and Dada
           Now, a leading local on-demand delivery platform open to merchants and individual senders across various
           industries and product categories.

           In April 2016, we completed the transaction with Dada, pursuant to which our online-to-offline business, JD
           Daojia, became a subsidiary of Dada and we contributed certain resources and US$200 million in cash in
           exchange for newly issued equity interest in Dada. In December 2017, we exercised our warrant to acquire
           additional preferred shares of Dada. In August 2018, in conjunction of Dada’s Series F round financing with
           Walmart, we further invested US$180 million to acquire the newly issued preferred shares of Dada. We have
           formed an extensive cooperation relationship with Dada, as its local on-demand delivery and retail capabilities
           support our innovative projects and omni-channel strategy, together bringing consumers the most convenient
           and advanced shopping experience. In June 2020, the ADSs of Dada commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global
           Select Market under the symbol “DADA.”

           On March 22, 2021, we, through a subsidiary, entered into a share subscription agreement with Dada, and
           further entered into an amendment to share subscription agreement on February 25, 2022. At closing that
           occurred on February 28, 2022, Dada issued to us 109,215,017 ordinary shares, for a total consideration of (i) an
           aggregate purchase price of US$546 million in cash, and (ii) our signing and delivery of a business cooperation
           agreement to Dada, pursuant to which we will provide certain strategic resources to Dada. Immediately
           following the closing, we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and began to
           consolidate the financial results of Dada into ours. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 53%
           issued and outstanding shares of Dada.




124   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




Our Major Investments
JD Technology. Since 2017, JD Technology has made remarkable progress in the field of digital technology and
is now a leading technology service provider in China, enabling corporates and organizations across industries to
achieve digitalization and intelligentization and fueling their growth through accessible financial solutions. In June
2020, we entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which we have, through a consolidated
PRC domestic company, acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by converting
our profit sharing right pursuant to the framework agreement between us and JD Technology and investing
additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in JD Technology. The framework agreement, including the profit-sharing
arrangement between JD Technology and us, was terminated, and JD Technology has become our equity
method investee. In connection with the acquisition of equity interests in JD Technology, we have entered
into a series of agreements with JD Technology which set forth the rights of JD as a shareholder. Pursuant
to these agreements, we continue to enjoy substantially all the rights that we had under the framework
agreement; provided that certain rights such as the right to liquidity event payment had been terminated upon
our conversion of the profit sharing right into equity interest in JD Technology. Pursuant to these agreements,
certain of our rights under these agreements should be terminated immediately the day before JD Technology
submits its application for an initial public offering. These rights, however, will be restored in the event the initial
public offering application is rejected by the relevant authorities or withdrawn by JD Technology.


In addition, on June 20, 2020, the shareholders of JD Technology passed a unanimous resolution to restructure
JD Technology as a company limited by shares and adopt the dual class voting structure. The shares held by Mr.
Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership), or Suqian
Linghang Fangyuan, an entity controlled by Mr. Liu, were entitled to ten votes per share, while Mr. Liu and
Suqian Linghang Fangyuan must abstain from voting on any related party transaction with JD Technology. As a
result of this dual class voting structure, as of February 28, 2023, we held approximately 22.1% voting power,
and Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan together held 52.4% of the total voting power of
JD Technology.


On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization
of our cloud computing and artificial intelligence business (“JD Cloud & AI”). Pursuant to the definitive
agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and additional RMB4 billion in cash, as consideration in exchange for
newly issued ordinary shares of JD Technology. To support the smooth business transition of JD Cloud & AI,
we also transferred some equipment and reserved some restricted share units of us for the employees of JD
Cloud & AI, for which JD Technology paid cash consideration. Upon completion of the transactions on March 31,
2021, JD Cloud & AI was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements, and our equity interest in
JD Technology increased from 36.8% to 41.7%.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022         125
      Part I (Continued)




           Yonghui. In August 2015, we entered into definitive agreements with Yonghui, pursuant to which we subscribed
           for newly issued ordinary shares of Yonghui with a consideration of RMB4.23 billion. In May 2018, we made
           an additional investment of RMB1.2 billion to acquire additional ordinary shares from the existing shareholders
           of Yonghui. In 2020, we made further investment of RMB1.0 billion to acquire additional ordinary shares from
           the existing shareholders of Yonghui. As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 13% of Yonghui’s
           issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, we have formed a strategic partnership with Yonghui to
           strengthen supply chain management capability primarily through joint procurement, and will continue to explore
           development opportunities in online-to-offline initiatives and other areas of potential strategic cooperation.


           China Unicom. In August 2017, we entered into a conditional share subscription agreement with China Unicom,
           a Chinese telecommunications operator in relation to our investment of approximately RMB5 billion in cash to
           subscribe for certain privately issued shares of China Unicom. Concurrently, we, through a PRC affiliate, also
           entered into a strategic business cooperation agreement with China Unicom.


           Wanda Commercial Properties. In January 2018, we, along with Tencent, entered into a strategic partnership
           agreement with Wanda Commercial Properties, a leading developer, owner and operator of commercial
           properties in China, and its major shareholder, Dalian Wanda Group Co., Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement, we
           invested RMB5 billion to purchase the shares of Wanda Commercial Properties from its existing shareholders.


           ATRenew (formerly known as AiHuiShou). In June 2019, we completed an investment of approximately
           RMB3.38 billion in ATRenew, a leading pre-owned consumer electronics transactions and services platform in
           China. In connection with this investment, we merged our Paipai Secondhand business with and into ATRenew
           with certain exclusive traffic resources for the next five years, and additionally invested a certain amount of cash
           in exchange for additional preferred shares of ATRenew. In September and December 2020, we completed
           additional investments of RMB401 million in cash in ATRenew. In addition, we made an additional investment
           of RMB129 million in ATRenew in April 2021 and RMB321 million to acquire its ADSs in connection with its
           initial public offering in June 2021. The ADSs of ATRenew commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange
           in June 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 33% issued and outstanding shares of
           ATRenew.


           Xingsheng. In December 2020, we invested approximately US$700 million to purchase newly issued preferred
           shares of Xingsheng. Xingsheng is a leading community group buying e-commerce platform that serves
           community families with fresh foods and daily necessities.


      B.   Business Overview
           Overview
           We are a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. We generated total net revenues
           of RMB745.8 billion, RMB951.6 billion and RMB1,046.2 billion (US$151.7 billion) in 2020, 2021 and 2022,
           respectively. We generated net income of RMB49.3 billion in 2020, and incurred net loss of RMB4.5 billion and
           generated net income of RMB9.7 billion (US$1.4 billion) in 2021 and 2022, respectively.




126   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Overview of Our E-commerce Business
We believe our scale and market leadership are built upon our competitive edge in customer experience and
operational efficiency, as well as our commitment to strategically invest in technology and logistics infrastructure
for the long term.


Providing superior customer experience is our top priority. Our e-commerce business offers customers a wide
selection of authentic products at competitive prices. We have built and operate our own nationwide fulfillment
infrastructure that supports our e-commerce business. Our speedy, efficient and reliable fulfillment services
ensure a high degree of customer satisfaction. We offer an enjoyable online shopping experience mainly through
our content-rich, user-friendly and highly personalized mobile apps and website www.jd.com. We also provide
comprehensive customer services and convenient payment options. Owing to the superior customer experience
we provide, our loyal customer base has expanded rapidly.


We operate online retail and marketplace e-commerce businesses. In our online retail business, we purchase
products from suppliers and sell them directly to our customers. We offer a wide range of product categories
through our online retail business, including electronics products, home appliances and a large variety of other
general merchandise categories. We have established strong relationships with our suppliers as our online retail
business grows rapidly over time. As of December 31, 2022, we sourced products from over 45,000 suppliers.


Timely and reliable fulfillment is critical to our success. Leveraging this nationwide fulfillment capability, we
deliver a majority of the orders to customers by ourselves. Since 2020, we further improved our efficiency in
more cities, especially the less developed areas, as we continued to expand our same day and next day delivery
service in these areas. Our fulfillment services have been proven to be highly reliable in response to customer
needs, particularly in the event of business disruptions, such as during the COVID-19 outbreak.


We launched our online marketplace in October 2010, and have since then been continually adding third-party
merchants and introducing new products and services, including premium international brands, to our
customers. Merchants on our online marketplace are held to high standards for transacting with our customers.
We aim to offer our customers with consistently high-quality online shopping experience regardless they
purchase from us or third-party merchants. To this end, we require all third-party merchants to meet our strict
standards for product authenticity and service reliability, and closely monitor their performance and activities on
our online marketplace.


We provide a variety of digital marketing services to marketers on our e-commerce platform, including suppliers
to our online retail business, third-party merchants on our online marketplace and other partners. Powered by
AI technology, our digital marketing platform provides our marketing customers with comprehensive digital
branding and performance-based marketing solutions and various effective measurement tools, which help them
reach targeted audiences, attract and retain customers and improve their returns. Our digital marketing platform
also features automatic marketing operation including online marketing message creation, targeting, bidding,
deployment and budget allocation, which enables marketers to manage their digital marketing strategy and
spending in a convenient and efficient manner.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        127
      Part I (Continued)




           We are exploring a variety of omni-channel initiatives to meet our customers’ ever-growing demand. We believe
           we are well-positioned to empower traditional offline retailers by capitalizing on our strong online presence,
           industry know-how and omni-channel technology and systems. We collaborate with Walmart on e-commerce
           by launching Walmart and Sam’s Club Flagship Stores on our platform and providing fulfillment solutions to
           them. Through our strategic partnership with Dada, a leading local on-demand delivery and retail platform in
           China, whose financial results were consolidated by us since February 28, 2022, Dada has been cooperating
           with JD Logistics to provide our customers with on-demand and last-mile delivery services of a wide selection
           of grocery and other fresh products through JD Daojia. We are also exploring in the offline retail market through
           7FRESH, our offline fresh food markets, experimenting on the omni-channel model.


           Our proprietary and scalable technology platform enhances user experience, improves operating efficiency and
           supports the growth in our e-commerce business. Leveraging machine-learning technology and massive data
           sets amassed from online purchase behaviors, we curate personalized product recommendations and push
           targeted promotions. We utilize AI technology to refine our merchandise sourcing strategy, allowing us to
           efficiently manage our inventory and control cost. With consumer insights generated from big data analytics, we
           provide tailor-made products through customer-to-manufacturer production, which increase sales and enhance
           customer satisfaction.


           Overview of Our Supply Chain-based Technologies and Services
           We are a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. We take a holistic view on the supply
           chain covering from upstream manufacturing and procurement, logistics, distribution and retail to end
           customers.


           With our leading position in the retail industry, we have established strong relationships with numerous
           suppliers, brands and partners. We leverage such relationships and our retail technology capability to provide
           them with a variety of service solutions. Over the past decade, we have also built a highly scalable and reliable
           logistics infrastructure and technology platform for our retail business. We are opening up logistics infrastructure
           and technology platform to third parties with comprehensive logistic services and technology solutions.


           Technology is crucial to our achievements today and continued success in the future. It enables better customer
           experience, more customer cost savings and higher efficiency, while it also serves as a foundation to export our
           capabilities to enhance productivity and innovation across a multitude of industries in China.




128   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Logistics Services
We made our strategic decision in 2007 to invest in and build our own nationwide fulfillment infrastructure. As
of December 31, 2022, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure covered almost all counties and districts across
China, with a network of over 1,500 warehouses with an aggregate gross floor area of over 30 million square
meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open Warehouse Platform. In addition, we
had a team of 362,171 warehouse and delivery personnel as of December 31, 2022. Our value proposition is to
empower our customers’ supply chains and substantially improve their operational efficiencies, which in turn
enhance their own customer experience and stickiness. We help our customers reduce redundant distribution
layers, improve the agility of their supply chains, and optimize inventory management. Our solutions are
powered by our proprietary technology, industry know-how and insights of product merchandizing.


Our Retail Technology Services and Other Technology Initiatives
Capitalizing on our retail data, infrastructure and technology, we commercialize our retail capability into services
we offer to brands and partners in the retail industry. Through such services, we believe we can create, together
with our partners, a more advanced and comprehensive retail ecosystem to reach and serve more consumers,
wherever and whenever they shop.


We operate a technology service platform Kepler which provides comprehensive services for our partners
to conduct online retail leveraging traffic on third-party channels. For example, we help brands set up mini
programs on Tencent’s Weixin and provide one-stop services including mini-program creation, product selection
and pricing, digital marketing, inventory management, fulfillment and customer services. Such services are
especially valuable for brands with less sophisticated online retail experience but wish to boost sales through
emerging mobile internet channels. In addition, powered by predictive analytics utilizing AI and big data, we
also offer services to traditional brick-and-mortar retailers to optimize offline stores’ operation by recommending
product selection based on local consumers’ preferences while managing stocks at optimum inventory level.


We have developed robust supply-chain based technology in three key areas, namely AI, Big data analytics
and Cloud computing. We have world-class scientists and a large team of AI engineers. Our technology
achievements have been well recognized globally. For example, we built a smart supply-chain platform that
includes application-level products supporting many use cases that are applicable to our business as well as the
ecosystem.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        129
      Part I (Continued)




           Core Philosophy
           Putting customers first is always our core philosophy, as illustrated by the following:

                                                               Customer




                                                   Cost        Efficiency    Experience




                                                              Technology




                                                                 Team




           •    Our team is the foundation of our company. We have built a strong and dedicated team and made
                significant efforts in hiring, training and retaining the best talent.

           •    Technology is a key contributor to maintaining our competitive advantage. Upgrading core technologies
                can effectively reduce cost, improve operating efficiency, and deliver best-in-class customer experience.
                In order to achieve sustainable future growth, we have been heavily investing in technology innovation
                and will continue to do so. Our technology strategy focuses on three key areas, namely: AI, Big Data and
                Cloud. By adopting a middle platform model and compartmentalizing the IT components and standard APIs
                in our IT architecture, we have greatly enhanced R&D efficiency, and accelerated business innovation. More
                importantly, this has enabled us to offer more value-added technology services to our clients across a wide
                spectrum of industries.

           •    To create value for our customers, partners and society, we make continuous efforts to reduce cost,
                improve efficiency, and deliver better customer experiences:

                •    Our technology and data-driven management employ an array of key performance indicators to
                     minimize costs and maximize efficiency in our operations;

                •    We continue to encourage innovation with our partners in order to offer customers a holistic shopping
                     experience through both online and offline channels, thereby increasing customer loyalty; and

                •    We continuously open up our infrastructure, such as logistics, systems and technologies, to our
                     business partners to develop more innovative solutions that could reduce cost and/or enhance
                     efficiency for society as a whole.

           As a result, we are able to offer a broad selection of products, services and solutions at competitive prices as
           well as excellent experiences. We strive to deliver a sustainable best-in-class customer experience that leads to
           more loyalty and commitment.



130   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Our Growth Strategies
Our strategies are centered on sustainable and quality growth, which we expect to achieve by further solidifying
the market leadership of our e-commerce business, and developing our supply chain-based technology service
capabilities to empower the players across the industry value chain. Our team, organization structure and
corporate culture undergird the successful execution of our growth strategies.


We will further grow our scale to strengthen our competitive advantages and achieve even greater economies
of scale. With our continuous growth in scale and further enhancement of our procurement capabilities and
partnerships with our third-party merchants, we can deliver stronger value propositions to our customers,
especially everyday low price, wider selection, and better quality. We will continue our commitment to
technology development, investment in logistics infrastructure and supply chain platforms, to fuel our growth
and eventually strengthen our self-reinforcing virtuous cycle.


To further enhance customer engagement and customer experience, we will continue to widen our product
selection and improve personalization and other features on our platform. We plan to extend online and offline
retail scenarios and develop innovative retail channels to better meet evolving customer demand, enhance our
touch points with customers and increase our wallet share over time. In addition, we will further penetrate into
lower-tier cities where hundreds of millions of consumers have growing but underserved demand for quality
products and upgraded services. We will continue to execute tailor-made customer acquisition strategy and
offer compelling value-for-money products through more targeted channels. We will continue to invest in our
fulfillment infrastructure to better serve customers in lower-tier cities. We also plan to prudently explore growth
opportunities in overseas markets through organic growth, strategic collaboration, and selective investments and
acquisitions.


As a technology-driven company, we will continue to focus on the key areas of our technology initiatives, such
as AI, big data and cloud computing, to strengthen our competitive advantage in technology. We will continue
to invest in a holistic smart supply-chain technology platform and optimize our service capabilities. We will also
open up our platform and offer supply chain-based technology services to customers and partners in various
industries. We believe our focus on these technology initiatives will help digitalize and streamline the industry
value chain, improve operational efficiency for our customers and partners, and create additional monetization
opportunities for us.


We will continue to optimize our organizational structure and adapt to changing market conditions. By delegating
decision-making power to managers in each business unit, we enable them to be closer to our customers and
navigate through dynamic market environment. We will continue to enhance synergies between business units
and encourage innovation. We believe our entrepreneurial corporate culture and our employees are instrumental
to a prospering and enduring business. We are committed to attracting new talents by offering compelling
incentive packages and encouraging them to achieve their career goals. At the same time, we will also
strengthen our talents by instilling in them a sense of ownership and a result-oriented, problem-solving mindset.
We are confident that a dedicated team, a well-structured organization and a solid corporate culture will ensure
execution of our business strategies and drive growth for years to come.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        131
      Part I (Continued)




           Our Business
           Since founding our company, we have focused on developing our online retail business as well as building our
           own fulfillment infrastructure, including last mile delivery capability, all based on our proprietary technology
           platform to support our operations. As our online retail business grew substantially in size, we launched our
           online marketplace to complement it and expand our product offerings, leverage our established fulfillment
           infrastructure and technology platform and ensure a superior customer experience. The combination of
           our online retail and online marketplace, our omni-channel initiatives and our own nationwide fulfillment
           infrastructure and technology platform, makes us a uniquely strong player in China’s retail industry in terms of
           providing superior customer experience.


           Leveraging the significant scale of our business, cutting-edge technologies, and our well-established retail
           infrastructure, we have also begun to offer comprehensive supply chain-based services that complement our
           core business and create significant value for a wide range of business partners. Ultimately, this will boost
           business development and the overall customer experience.


           JD Retail
           Online Retail
           In our online retail business, we acquire products from suppliers and sell them directly to customers. We believe
           we have the largest online product review database of any online retail company in China with approximately
           10.5 billion product reviews generated by our customers as of December 31, 2022. As we now offer a wide
           range of product categories through our online retail business model, net revenues from electronics products,
           which include computers, mobile handsets and other mobile digital products, and home appliances, have
           declined as a percentage of our total net revenues. As of December 31, 2022, we sourced products from over
           45,000 suppliers. We believe that large scale and market leading position are critical to success in the online
           retail market in China and can provide important competitive advantages to us.


           Online Marketplace
           In our online marketplace business, third-party merchants offer products to customers on our online marketplace
           and pay us sales commissions. We launched our online marketplace in October 2010 and have been adding new
           products and services, including premium international brands, since then.


           We provide transaction processing and billing services on all orders placed on our online marketplace
           and require third-party merchants to meet our strict standards for authenticity and reliability. We monitor
           third-party merchants’ performance and activities on our online marketplace closely to ensure that they meet
           our requirements for authentic products and high-quality customer service. We tag certain top stores on our
           platform as “JD Haodian (京東好店),” based on each third-party merchant’s quality of service during the entire
           purchase process. Such certification can help the top third-party merchants improve their sales volumes on the
           platform. Furthermore, it sets a benchmark to encourage other third-party merchants to improve their quality of
           service. We aim to offer customers the same high-quality customer experience regardless of the source of the
           products they choose.




132   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Omni-channel Initiatives
We are exploring a variety of omni-channel integration opportunities and innovative business models.


We believe we are well-positioned to provide omni-channel solutions to customers and offline retailers in select
locations in China by capitalizing on our strong online presence and leveraging our strategic partnership with
Dada, a leading local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China. Dada has partnered with a large number of
well-known chain retailers and many first-tier international and domestic FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods)
brands by leveraging Dada’s crowd-sourcing delivery network. Dada has been cooperating with JD Logistics
to provide fast on-demand delivery services for merchants and consumers. In 2021, we and Dada formed a
strategic partnership with ASUS, a global technology leader, launching more than 150 ASUS stores on JD Daojia
(JDDJ) and “Shop Now”, our new on-demand consumer retail section. Leveraging this partnership, we will
further accelerate the digital transformation of physical stores to improve the offline shopping experience for
computer and digital products, including the extension of “one-hour delivery” service to all ASUS offline stores
in China.


On March 22, 2021, we, through a subsidiary, entered into a share subscription agreement with Dada, and
further entered into an amendment to share subscription agreement on February 25, 2022, under which
Dada issued to us 109,215,017 ordinary shares, for a total consideration of (i) an aggregate purchase price of
US$546 million in cash, and (ii) our signing and delivery of a business cooperation agreement to Dada, pursuant
to which we will provide certain strategic resources to Dada, at a closing that occurred on February 28, 2022.
Immediately following the closing, we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and
began to consolidate the financial results of Dada into ours. Our increased investment in Dada will facilitate both
sides to promote the expansion of on-demand delivery and retail, as well as omni-channel collaboration. This is
expected to help our company to further diversify its retail services, enable its business partners to improve their
operating efficiency, and deliver better services for its consumers.


In June 2016, we entered into a series of agreements in relation to our strategic alliance with Walmart. We
have collaborated with Walmart on e-commerce, including launching a Sam’s Club Flagship Store and Walmart
China Flagship Store on www.jd.com website, Sam’s Club Global Flagship Store, Walmart Global Flagship Store,
and several category global stores to sell specific category products (for example Walmart Beauty and Personal
Care Global Store) on JD Worldwide, and a one-hour delivery service from Walmart Stores and Sam’s Clubs in
selected cities through the JD Daojia app. We have also experimented with other omni-channel opportunities,
aimed at offering shoppers across China faster and more convenient access to high-quality products through
multiple channels.


To provide customers with a more dynamic and interactive integrated omni-channel shopping experience, we
have enabled some of our offline partners with a variety of the latest technologies such as facial recognition,
product recognition, and a tracking system for customers’ in-store activities, among others. We have established
a closed loop to accumulate a large volume of offline shopping data, and through further analysis of the
integrated online and offline dataset, we can offer differentiated products that best suit potential customer
demand in each offline franchise store.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        133
      Part I (Continued)




           7FRESH, our offline fresh food market brand, is part of our omni-channel strategy. In December 2017, we
           opened our first 7FRESH store in Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone in Beijing. We
           integrated our advanced supply chain management know-how and cutting-edge storage technologies to 7FRESH
           stores to deliver a unique shopping experience. The application of our advanced supply chain management
           solution and technology on 7FRESH is part of our ongoing experiments to deploy our retail and supply chain
           service capabilities, which, once proven, will empower our potential offline partners to further expand our
           7FRESH presence to pursue an enhanced shopping experience for our consumers.


           In September 2021, we opened our first “JD MALL” offline store in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province, offering consumers
           an immersive omni-channel shopping experience. In addition to traditional electronic categories offered by
           JD Super Experience Store, JD MALL provides over 200,000 items from more than 150 brands, in categories
           including home, furniture, kids, smart healthcare products and auto accessories. Through its partnership with
           leading furniture makers, JD MALL meets the demand among younger consumers for bespoke one-stop-shop
           home design services that incorporate furniture and home appliances categories.


           Marketing Services
           Leveraging our AI capabilities and our comprehensive dataset accumulated from a wide range of business
           scenarios along the entire value chain, we provide a variety of marketing services to suppliers, third-party
           merchants and other business partners through our proprietary advertisement technology platform. In 2019,
           through our greatly expanded development and investment in advanced advertising and marketing technology,
           we launched the JD Marketing 360 Platform. This platform employs sophisticated AI and big data technologies
           in exploiting our user behavior insights to provide brand marketers and third-party merchants with a one-stop
           brand building and sales growth solution. It integrates omni-channel marketing, rich marketing effectiveness
           measurements, and comprehensive consumer asset growth management to help our marketers to effectively
           acquire new users and increase shopping frequency from existing users. We provide native search ads and
           display ads on our main apps, and we also place display ads, search ads and affiliate ads on China’s mainstream
           high traffic apps and video apps. In 2019, we also invested in automated marketing technologies, launching
           comprehensive products automating all aspects of marketing, including automatic bidding, targeting, creative
           generation of ads, and budget allocation to satisfy a broad range of marketing scenarios. These products not
           only reduce our marketers’ labor in marketing campaigns, but also improve their ROI.


           JD Logistics
           JD Logistics is the leading technology-driven supply chain solutions and logistics services provider in China.
           On May 28, 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange under the stock code “2618.” JD Logistics offers a full spectrum of supply chain solutions and
           high-quality logistics services enabled by technology, ranging from warehousing to distribution, spanning across
           manufacturing to end-customers, covering regular and specialized items. JD Logistics’s value proposition is
           to empower customers’ supply chains and substantially improve their operational efficiencies, which in turn
           enhance their own customer experience and stickiness. JD Logistics helps customers reduce redundant
           distribution layers, improve the agility of their supply chains, and optimize inventory management. The solutions
           are powered by proprietary technology, industry know-how and insights of product merchandizing. As of




134   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




December 31, 2022, JD Logistics operated over 1,500 warehouses, which covered an aggregate gross floor
area of over 30 million square meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open
Warehouse Platform. In the second quarter of 2020, JD Logistics launched a new Asia No.1 warehouse in
Langfang, Hebei Province, near Beijing, equipped with the first automated storage and retrieval system for bulky
items in Asia’s e-commerce industry, greatly improving efficiency in handling items including air conditioners,
refrigerators and furniture.


JD Property
JD Property, is a leading and the fastest-growing platform for developing and managing modern infrastructure,
consisting primarily of logistics parks, as well as business parks and others, in China and Asia. JD Property
has unique advantages to secure scarce land resources as we continue to help boost economies across China
through creating employment opportunities and contributing tax, among others. JD Property aims to develop its
logistics asset portfolios while maintaining strong capital discipline. With the expansion of our asset portfolios,
we have adopted a capital recycling strategy through our fund management platform and other partnerships.
We believe this strategy will help further expand our asset portfolios, minimize our related future capital
expenditures and enhance our returns. As of December 31, 2022, JD Property manages properties with a total
gross floor area of approximately 23 million square meters.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        135
      Part I (Continued)




           On March 10, 2021, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for the non-redeemable series A preference
           share financing with co-lead investors Hillhouse Investment and Warburg Pincus, among others. The total
           amount raised was US$703 million. We have remained the majority shareholder of JD Property after the
           completion of this transaction. In March 2022 and June 2022, JD Property entered into definitive agreements
           for its non-redeemable series B preferred share financing with investors led by Hillhouse Investment, Warburg
           Pincus, and one leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount raised in this round was
           approximately US$800 million. We remained the majority shareholder of JD Property after the completion two
           rounds of financing. It is expected that the financing will facilitate JD Property’s business expansion and model
           transformation, and further strengthen its infrastructure property management capabilities, so as to further
           enhance its leading position in China’s modern logistics infrastructure industry.


           On March 1, 2022, JD Property was deemed to have gained control of CNLP and hence CNLP became
           a consolidated subsidiary of JD Property. On July 14, 2022, JD Property completed the acquisition and
           privatization of CNLP. As a result, CNLP has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of JD Property. See
           “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company — Developments of Our
           Subsidiaries — JD Property” for details.


           Technology Initiatives
           In November 2020, during our fourth annual tech summit “JD Discovery” in Beijing, we launched JD Retail
           Cloud, a technological ecosystem for the retail industry. JD Retail Cloud offers integrated data, technology,
           business, and user management industry solutions to support the digitization of enterprises and institutions.
           One solution provided by JD Retail Cloud is Shangling SaaS Mall, a comprehensive SaaS-based operational
           solution for manufacturers and offline retailers. Driven by our technology and services, Shangling SaaS Mall aims
           to help manufacturers and retailers to improve efficiency in omni-channel operation and marketing, as well as
           digitalization of offline store operation.


           JD-Y, our supply chain R&D unit that focuses on supply chain innovation, launched its self-built industry-leading
           end-to-end replenishment model (E2E model), which provides an automatic and scalable inventory management
           solution and shortens the decision process in inventory management. Specifically, the model applies deep
           learning technology to enable our company to achieve automatic merchandise replenishment based on historical
           sales performance without the need for sales forecast. A paper on the model has been accepted and to be
           published soon by Management Science, a world-leading scholarly journal within INFORMS, an international
           association for professionals in operations research and analytics. We aim to build up and open our capabilities
           with industry partners. JD-Y also launched Intelligent Supply Chain initiative, which aims to increase automation
           of supply chain, improve logistics efficiency among industries, and promote environmentally friendly programs.
           At the same time, JD-Y also opened up its capabilities to the public and worked together with merchants in C2M
           customization.




136   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




On JD Logistics side, we have been strengthening our technological innovation and applications in various
aspects of supply chain solutions and logistics services, including automation, digitalization and intelligentization.
Our proprietary technologies include both hardware and software technologies that are seamlessly integrated.
As of December 31, 2022, we were entitled to over 12,500 patents and computer software copyrights (including
applications thereof), of which approximately 5,000 are related to our automation and unmanned technologies.
We have also built a large team of over 4,600 research and development professionals. We apply technology to
each key part of the supply chain, combining pre-planning, implementation, intelligent decision-making and post-
operation management to deliver customer experience and overall efficiency. Equipped with these proprietary
technologies, we have built a comprehensive smart logistics system capable of service automation, operation
digitalization and intelligent decision-making. In January 2021, JD Logistics was selected by INFORMS as one of
the seven finalists for the 50th annual Franz Edelman Award for Achievement in Advanced Analytics, Operations
Research and Management Science, the world’s most prestigious award for achievements in the practice of
analytics and operations research. Along with other seven world-leading enterprises including Amazon, JD.com,
Inc. was recognized for its advanced research and self-developed “unmanned” warehouse scheduling system.
JD.com, Inc. is among the few Chinese companies that were selected as finalists in the history of the award.


In December 2019, we formed JD Cloud & AI platform. We have a large team consisting of research and
development professionals primarily covering areas of AI, big data analytics and cloud computing. We strive
to deliver best-in-class services to our customers and become the most trusted technology service provider
in the industry, powered by our large and sophisticated IT infrastructures. On March 31, 2021, we entered
into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization of JD Cloud & AI. Pursuant to
the definitive agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and certain assets together valued at approximately
RMB15.7 billion to JD Technology, in exchange for newly issued ordinary shares of JD Technology. Upon
completion of the transactions on March 31, 2021, JD Cloud & AI was deconsolidated from our consolidated
financial statements, and our equity interest in JD Technology increased from 36.8% to 41.7%. We believe
that, through this transaction, we will continue to focus on our core competences and synergistic businesses
to better serve customers, and JD Technology will be better positioned to deliver a suite of cutting-edge
technology services to its business partners.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         137
      Part I (Continued)




           JD Health
           JD Health is one of the largest online healthcare platforms in China. On December 8, 2020, shares of JD Health
           commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code “6618.” The
           number of average daily consultations exceeded 300,000 in 2022, a solid growth momentum from last year. As
           a leading online healthcare platform, JD Health’s mission is to become the go-to health management platform
           for everyone in China. Its strategic position is to create a technology-driven platform that centers on the supply
           chain of pharmaceutical and healthcare products and is strengthened by healthcare services, encompassing
           a user’s full life span for all healthcare needs. It is committed to offering users easily accessible, convenient,
           high-quality yet affordable pharmaceutical and healthcare products. To achieve this goal, JD Health has built a
           one-stop online health management platform to create greater value for all participants in the healthcare value
           chain, and will continue to expand its core businesses, retail pharmacy business and online healthcare services,
           through utilizing AI, big data, cloud computing and other advanced technology.


           JD Industrials
           JD Industrials is the leading industrial supply chain technology and service provider in China. Through
           transformational end-to-end industrial supply chain digitalization, it help its customers increase supply chain
           reliability, reduce costs, and enhance efficiency.


           Customer Experience
           Our operation principle is “trust-based, customer-centric value creation,” and we are committed to optimizing
           the customer experience and achieving customer satisfaction. This commitment drives every aspect of
           our operations, which are focused on six core components: extensive product offerings, compelling online
           experience, superior customer service, competitive pricing, timely and accurate fulfillment, and convenient
           payment options.


           Products
           We continually seek to add more products that appeal to our customers. We offer a wide range of product
           categories including but not limited to:


           •     home appliances;


           •     mobile handsets and other digital products;


           •     computers, including desktop, laptop and other varieties, as well as printers and other office equipment;


           •     furniture and household goods;


           •     apparel;


           •     cosmetics and other personal care items and pet products;




138   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




•    women’s shoes, bags, watches, jewelry and luxury goods;


•    men’s shoes, sports gear and fitness equipment;


•    automobiles and accessories;


•    real estate;


•    maternal and childcare products, toys and musical instruments;


•    food, beverage and fresh produce;


•    gifts, flowers and plants;


•    pharmaceutical and healthcare products, including OCT pharmaceutical products, nutritional supplements,
     healthcare services and other healthcare equipment;


•    books, e-books, music, movies and other media products;


•    virtual goods, including online travel agency, attraction tickets, and prepaid phone cards and game cards;


•    industrial products; and


•    installation and maintenance services.


Each of these categories is further divided into numerous subcategories to facilitate browsing. In building up
our product offerings, we focus on quality as well as quantity. Due to our nationwide reach and our efficient
fulfillment system, suppliers often choose us to launch new products that they expect will be in high demand,
and we often act as the preferred distributor for a period of days or weeks when a hot new product first
becomes available for sale to the public. Our gross merchandise value, or GMV, increased by 5.6% in 2022 as
compared to 2021. “GMV” are to the total value of all orders for products and services placed in our online retail
business and on our online marketplaces, regardless of whether the goods are sold or delivered or whether the
goods are returned. GMV includes the value from orders placed on our mobile apps and websites as well as
orders placed on third-party mobile apps and websites that are fulfilled by us or by our third-party merchants.
The calculation of GMV includes shipping charges paid by buyers to sellers and for prudent consideration
excludes certain transactions over certain amounts. We believe that GMV provides a measure of the overall
volume of transactions that flow through our platform in a given period. Therefore, it should not be used as a
financial metric or industry and peer comparisons.


Online Experience
We believe that providing a compelling online experience is critical to attracting and retaining customers. We
make sales primarily through our content-rich and user-friendly mobile apps and website www.jd.com. Our


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        139
      Part I (Continued)




           website not only offers a broad selection of authentic products at competitive prices but also provides easy
           site navigation, basic and advanced search functions, customized product recommendations, comprehensive
           product information and a large volume of customer reviews and ratings. These features address customers’
           desire to view, understand and compare products before purchasing. With the increasing popularity of mobile
           internet-enabled devices, we have also developed apps and features adapted for mobile internet users. We
           currently offer mobile access through our mobile website m.jd.com and our various iOS and Android mobile
           apps. As part of our strategic partnership with Tencent, we launched level 1 access on Tencent’s Weixin and
           direct access on Tencent’s Mobile QQ, whereby Tencent users can easily access our product offerings and have
           an enjoyable mobile shopping experience. Over 90% of orders fulfilled were placed through our mobile apps
           in 2022.


           Our mobile apps and www.jd.com website contain the following information and features:


           Comprehensive product information to support prompt decision-making. Each product page contains pictures,
           descriptions, and sometimes short videos of the product, the price, a pull-down menu to show whether the
           product is in stock at the customer’s location, customer reviews and ratings, and whether the product will be
           delivered by us or by one of our third-party merchants. When customers are browsing product pages, we display
           product highlights, reliable services available for this product and the post-discount price on the front page so as
           to support customers to make purchase decisions more efficiently.


           Interactive user community to enhance customer engagement and loyalty. Our mobile apps and websites
           contain a large volume of helpful user-generated and professionally-generated content. For each product,
           customers can provide reviews and ratings that are featured prominently on the product page. We encourage
           participation by granting loyalty points for posting reviews and ratings. We believe that we have the largest
           online product review database of any online retail company in China, with approximately 10.5 billion product
           reviews generated by our customers as of December 31, 2022, which benefits our customers, suppliers and
           third-party merchants.


           We also encourage third-party merchants to generate content and promote their products through livestreams
           and short videos on our platform to better interact with our customers.


           Targeted product recommendations to satisfy personalized demands. We have made progress in personalized
           recommendations, leveraging our cutting-edge technologies to provide an individualized shopping experience
           for each of our customers. We identify customers’ demands and make more accurate recommendations based
           on comprehensive algorithms, which are derived from a large volume of data about customer behavior and
           preferences.


           Smart ordering process to further improve the shopping experience. We continue to leverage our technology to
           optimize the ordering process, making the shopping experience more convenient and enjoyable. For example,
           when customers review their shopping carts, not only do we display the special offers available at the time for
           the products in the customers’ shopping carts, but also we combine the existing coupons in our customers’
           accounts with special offers, and calculate the all-in benefits for customers to provide them maximum benefits.


140   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




Real-time order tracking and order information revision system to provide convenient shopping experience.
Customers can log into their accounts to check the status of their orders. Each package in our system is given
a unique identification number, and its location is updated each time it is handled by one of our warehouse or
delivery personnel or one of our third-party couriers. Each of our delivery personnel carries a mobile personal
digital assistant, which allows customers to track their location in real time on an online map. Furthermore, we
provide customers with the option to adjust their order information such as changing the shipping address or the
preferred delivery date or time slot.


Customer Service
Providing satisfactory customer service is a high priority. Our commitment to customers is reflected in the high
level of service provided by our customer service staff as well as in our flexible product return and exchange
policies. We continue optimizing our customer service to guarantee the best possible shopping experience.


In 2022, we further strengthened our brand image of offering hassle-free services to our customers. Combining
unique service capabilities from our retail business and our third-party merchants, we provide our customers
with customized services for different product categories. Our services cover the entire purchasing process
and include over 60 types of services such as instant refunds, repair by exchange program, home-delivery of
replacements, and extended price protection services for selected retail products, among other offerings. The
service offering aims to facilitate consumers’ purchase decisions by providing trustworthy and guaranteed
services. In 2022, we continued to invest in smart services and leveraged our advanced AI and deep learning
technologies to more efficiently resolve the high volume of customer inquiries without sacrificing the customer
experience. We also leveraged our cutting-edge technologies and smart systems to analyze a large volume of
customer feedback and alerted third-party merchants in advance regarding potential customer service issues,
helping third-party merchants to improve their service quality for our customers.


24-7 customer service centers. We operate 24-7 customer service centers in Suqian, Yangzhou, Chengdu,
Wuhan and Datong, handling all kinds of customer queries and complaints regarding our products and services.
We obtained COPC (Customer Operation Performance Center) Certification in November 2014. Customers can
make queries and file complaints via various channels such as phone calls, online written instant messengers,
JD official accounts on Weixin and Weibo, and through email. As of December 31, 2022, we had over 16,000
customer service representatives at the Suqian, Yangzhou, Chengdu, Wuhan and Datong centers.


Returns and exchanges. We accept unconditional returns or exchanges within seven days of purchase. For
selected categories in our retail business, we provide an extended 30 days return and 180 days replacement
policy to our customers. Defective merchandise can be returned for exchange within 15 days of purchase. For
customers with good credit, we provide an “instant refund” service, where we provide refunds as soon as they
submit their return requests. If customers report defects more than 15 days after receipt but are still within
the warranty period, we will have the defective goods repaired, replaced or take another appropriate action to
compensate the customer, depending on the nature of the problem. We will generally pick up defective items
for return or exchange at the customer’s address, provided that the return or exchange is requested within
15 days of receipt of the item and the address is within the area that is serviced by our employees or by one of




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        141
      Part I (Continued)




           the third-party couriers that have agreed to provide this service for us. Alternatively, customers can also mail the
           merchandise to one of our regional after-sales centers or bring the product to a pickup station nearby. The same
           policies apply to products sold through our online marketplace.


           Membership program. We have established a membership program to cultivate customer loyalty and encourage
           our customers to make repeat purchases. We continued to promote “JD Plus”, a premium paid membership
           program. JD Plus offers benefits including extra rebates, coupons, exclusive prices on selected product
           offerings, free shipping and return services, VIP customer services, PLUS DAY promotion events, online medical
           consultation and JD E-book unlimited access designed specifically for JD Plus members. JD Plus also partnered
           with content and lifestyle service providers such as Tencent Video, iQiyi, Ctrip, among others, providing JD Plus
           members with greater benefits. In addition to our JD Plus, we also have a customer value system, “Joy Score
           (京享值)”, which takes into account various indicators, such as consumer behavior, interaction, credit ratings,
           among others, to determine a comprehensive and dynamic score for each consumer. The customers with
           different level of “Joy Score” can enjoy free loyalty programs. For instance, customer with “Joy Score” beyond
           certain threshold could enjoy a rebate for the plus membership fee. We also provide a variety of free premium
           services, such as local service, fast refund channel and VIP after-sale service, to enhance customer experience
           and engagement. We believe JD Plus membership program and “Joy Score” value system can effectively
           cultivate customer loyalty and enhance the shopping experience and consumer engagement.


           Pricing
           We offer competitive pricing to attract and retain customers. We make continual efforts to maintain and improve
           an efficient cost structure and create incentives for our suppliers to provide us with competitive prices.


           Pricing policy. We are making continual efforts to set our prices to be competitive with those on other major
           online retail websites and in physical stores in China. We typically negotiate with our suppliers for prices that
           are comparable to or lower than those offered to retailers in other sales channels. If we reduce the price on our
           website and mobile apps before or after the product is delivered to the customer, then the customer generally
           has an opportunity to lock in the lower price. Currently, third-party merchants are free to set their own prices
           on our online marketplace. We also continue to enrich our product offerings and service while maintaining low
           prices.


           Special promotions. We offer a selection of discounted products on special occasions, such as our anniversary
           sales promotional event on June 18 and China’s online shopping festival on November 11, as well as on
           important holidays such as Christmas and Chinese New Year. We also hold daily promotions for selected
           products for a limited period of time. Special promotions attract bargain hunters and give our customers an
           additional incentive to visit our website and mobile apps regularly.


           Delivery
           We believe that timely and reliable fulfillment is critical to the continuing success of our business. To this
           end, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenditures in building and operating our own




142   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




nationwide fulfillment infrastructure. The following are some of the advantages that derive from our nationwide
fulfillment infrastructure:


Delivery network and personnel. We deliver products directly to customers in almost all counties and districts
across China. We deliver a majority of orders directly to customers ourselves, and therefore our customers
interact with delivery personnel more often than with any other representatives of our company. For this reason,
we place great emphasis on training our delivery personnel and setting up delivery stations in more and more
counties and districts. We believe that our professionally trained delivery personnel are important in helping us
to shape customer experience and distinguish ourselves from our competitors.


Flexible delivery arrangements. We believe that timely and convenient delivery is an essential part of customer
satisfaction, and we arrange our delivery schedule to suit our customers’ needs. Customers can choose their
preferred delivery window during a day, including evening delivery in selected areas, when they place orders.
Customers who need to reschedule a delivery can log into their account on our websites or mobile apps to look
up the contact information for the delivery person and contact the delivery person directly themselves, provided
that the delivery will be made by our employees.


Comprehensive speedy delivery service. We introduced our 211 program in 2010. For goods that we have
in stock at the corresponding regional fulfillment center or front distribution center, any orders received by
the morning deadline (11:00 a.m. in most of the locations) will be delivered on the same day, and any orders
received by the evening deadline (11:00 p.m.) will be delivered by 3:00 p.m. on the following day. Customers
also can request that an order placed by 3:00 p.m. be delivered in the evening on the same day in selected
cities. There is no extra charge for delivery under our 211 program for orders that satisfy the minimum size
requirement, and customers can check the product page on our websites or through our mobile apps to see
whether the product is in stock and thus eligible. The program does not cover delivery to addresses through
third-party couriers or products shipped directly from our third-party merchants. Customers can request
expedited delivery within two hours by paying an extra charge in the major cities where we have regional
fulfillment centers. JD Logistics also provides scheduled delivery service in selected cities, allowing customers
to choose a convenient delivery window within which to receive their goods. For luxury products, consumers
in major cities can enjoy JD Luxury Express, a premium delivery service where a courier in suit, tie and white
gloves will deliver to consumers’ doors. JD Logistics has launched a new premium logistics service with China
Railway Corporation, leveraging domestic high-speed trains for secure, long-distance transportation of high-end
goods and JD Luxury Express for the last-mile delivery. The combination has created a seamless network
allowing customers to enjoy same-day delivery for high-end goods originating from non-local warehouses.


Customer pickup. Customers who prefer to pick up their order themselves can select a pickup station when
placing the order and use the tracking function to find out when the order has arrived there. We have pickup
stations at convenient locations across the country and payment can be made on the spot.


Continuous expansion of delivery service. We have established and are making continuous efforts to further
expand our cold-chain and cross-border logistics capabilities, and in new business areas, to expand product
offerings while ensuring superior customer experience.


                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        143
      Part I (Continued)




           Payment
           Online payment. Various kinds of online payment methods are offered to customers at the time they place their
           orders, such as Weixin Pay, JD Pay and UnionPay. Customers chose online payment approximately 99% of the
           time in 2022.


           Payment-on-delivery. We accept payment-on-delivery in almost all of the counties and districts across China
           where we make deliveries through our own delivery personnel. Our delivery personnel carry mobile POS
           machines for processing debit cards and credit cards and they also accept cash.


           Other payment options. Customers may also choose to pay by postal money order. Enterprise customers can
           also make payment by wire transfer.


           Merchandise Sourcing
           In our online retail business, we sourced products from over 45,000 suppliers as of December 31, 2022.
           Procuring products on such a massive scale requires considerable expertise, which we have built up over a
           number of years. None of our suppliers accounted for over 10% (by value) of the products we purchased in 2022.


           We expect to increase our direct purchases from manufacturers and, where appropriate, to become an
           authorized reseller. We believe that our ability to establish direct relationships with manufacturers will enable
           us to provide high-quality products and obtain better procurement terms and access to hard-to-get products.
           We believe that manufacturers and distributors consider us an important channel in certain product categories
           such as computers and mobile devices, and we are gaining significant traction in related categories like home
           electronics. Direct cooperation with manufacturers enables us to increase supply chain efficiency by minimizing
           supply chain costs and to give customers peace of mind about product quality. In addition, we have created
           an interface where our third-party merchants access reports regarding inventory status, purchase history
           and customer reviews of their products. Suppliers and third-party merchants can use this information in their
           marketing and product development efforts and also in managing their own inventory, which helps them
           manage costs and makes our services more valuable to them.


           We select suppliers and third-party merchants on the basis of brand, reliability, volume and price. They must
           be able to meet our demands for timely supply of authentic products and also provide high quality after-sale
           customer service. We perform background checks on our suppliers and third-party merchants and the products
           they provide before we enter into any agreement. We examine their business licenses and the qualification
           certificates for their products, and check their brand recognition and investigate the market acceptance of their
           products among players in the same industry. We also conduct on-site visits to assess and verify their location,
           business scale, production capacity, property and equipment, human resources, research and development
           capability, quality control system and fulfillment capability. We normally enter into one-year framework
           agreements with our suppliers and third-party merchants and renew them annually.




144   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Our standard form contract requires suppliers and third-party merchants to represent that their goods are
authentic and from lawful sources and do not infringe upon lawful rights of third parties and to pay us liquidated
damages for any breach. We have also put stringent rules in place governing the operations of third-party
merchants on our online marketplace. Third-party merchants will be subject to penalties or be asked to end their
operations on our online marketplace if they violate the marketplace rules, for example by selling counterfeit
products. We have a strict zero-tolerance policy for counterfeit products.


Logistics Services
Fulfillment
We deliver a compelling customer experience by fulfilling orders quickly and accurately. To this end, we have
built our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure for the prompt receipt, storage and shipment of our products. Our
fulfillment infrastructure is primarily comprised of a nationwide warehouse and delivery network that we operate
ourselves, supplemented by third-party couriers to service areas that are not covered by our network. To further
enhance inventory accountability and security, we track our inventory at all stages of the receiving and order
fulfillment process.


Nationwide Fulfillment Infrastructure.
We have built a nationwide fulfillment infrastructure. As of December 31, 2022, our warehouse network covered
almost all counties and districts across China, consisting of over 1,500 warehouses operated by us and over
2,000 cloud warehouses operated by third-party warehouse owner-operators under our Open Warehouse
Platform. As of December 31, 2022, our warehouse network had an aggregate GFA of over 30 million square
meters, including the GFA of the cloud warehouses under our Open Warehouse Platform. We deliver a majority
of the orders directly to customers ourselves. We maintain cooperation arrangements with a number of
third-party couriers to deliver our products to our customers during peak seasons to supplement our delivery
force. Third-party merchants also use third-party couriers if they do not use our delivery services.


Fulfillment Process
The following flow chart outlines our fulfillment process:


                                           Warehouse                          Delivery




    Place         Process           Pick           Pack
                                                                  Sorting        Delivery
     an             the             the             the
                                                                  Center         Station
    Order          Order           Order           Order                                          End
                                                                                                Customer


                                                                                 Pickup
                                                                                 Station




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022       145
      Part I (Continued)




           When a customer places an order, our delivery management system automatically processes the order and
           matches it to the warehouse or warehouses with the appropriate inventory. Picking is done on the basis
           of instructions that are generated automatically by our warehouse management system. The warehouse
           management system also automatically generates the bar codes and shipping labels that allow our staff to
           match the items to the correct order in the packing process. After picking, packing, and sorting, the order is
           shipped to a delivery or pickup station in the customer’s city for further handling and delivery. If a customer’s
           order contains products from different warehouses, the products will be combined at the last-mile delivery
           station and then sent to the customer in a single delivery. If the customer’s address is not one to which we
           make deliveries ourselves, we will have a third-party courier pick up the order at our sorting center to make
           the delivery. In some cases, we also use third-party couriers to transfer orders between a sorting center and a
           delivery station. Once the order has been shipped, our system automatically updates the inventory level for each
           product in the order, ensuring that additional inventory will be ordered as needed. Our customers can track the
           shipping status of their orders through our websites or mobile apps at each step in the process.


           We are in the process of constructing new warehouses on land where we have obtained land use rights. We
           believe that building our own warehouses will not only increase our storage capacity but will also allow us to
           restructure and reorganize our fulfillment workflow and processes.


           We also have a dedicated internal division, to explore research, development and application of smart logistics
           and unmanned technology, which we believe represent the future trend of the logistics industry. Through the
           development of a series of cutting-edge technologies such as intelligent hardware, internet of things, big data,
           robotics, image and vision recognition, machine learning, deep learning, and smart logistics devices, we intend
           to revolutionize the logistics industry. We are also experimenting with these technologies in a wide range of
           logistics business areas such as unmanned warehouses, drone delivery, self-driving vehicles, unmanned delivery
           stations and convenience stores, among others. We will continue to invest in smart logistics to improve the
           intelligence level of our logistics system and to provide consumers with an unparalleled shopping experience.


           Open Platform of Our Logistics Services
           We also open up our leading logistics infrastructure to our third-party merchants and partners beyond our
           e-commerce business. We have developed comprehensive logistics services and continuously strengthen
           our logistics service capability by adding new services such as on-demand delivery, cold-chain services and
           individual parcel delivery solutions. We provide services relating to almost all aspects of logistics operation,
           including warehousing management, storage, long-haul transportation, express and on-demand delivery and
           cold-chain and cross-border services, among others. We offer integrated supply chain management solutions to
           customers in various vertical markets. We also provide technology solutions for logistics operations to enable
           customers to transparently and effectively monitor, manage and optimize their logistic workflows.


           Technology Platform
           Technology is the key to our future success. It enables better customer experience, higher efficiency and
           customer cost savings, while also serving as a vehicle to export our unique capabilities and cutting-edge
           innovation to benefit the whole industry and society.




146   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




We have a large team consisting of research and development professionals primarily covering areas of AI,
big data analytics and cloud computing. Together, these areas form our technology strategy. We strive to
deliver best-in-class services to our customers and become the most trusted technology service provider in the
industry, powered by our large and sophisticated IT infrastructures.


In addition to our core technology innovation, research and development, we also place a strong emphasis
on data privacy and security. Protecting customer data and building trust is one of our core values. Operating
in compliance with the most stringent standards and regulations both in China and globally, we provide our
customers with a high level of security, privacy protection and ease of mind.


AI-powered Services Improving Customer Satisfaction and Partner Productivity
We strive to offer the right product to the right customer at the right time through the right channel, known as
our “4R” strategy. Technology is the foundation to achieve the 4R strategy. Through aggregation and analysis
of customer behavioral big data, we derive deep insights about customer preferences and offer precision
targeting for product recommendations. The access to customer insights also enables us to train and refine
robust AI models, empowering a great customer experience. For example, our “Snapshop” feature allows users
to identify products through uploaded pictures. Such technology is also publicly available through our open AI
platform NeuHub and has been adopted by most major phone manufacturers in China to improve phone users’
shopping experiences.


To support our omni-channel strategy, our technologies are embedded in a multitude of retail scenarios, from
online web and mobile shopping experience, to our offline ecosystem, including our JD Smart Speakers,
7FRESH stores, JD E-SPACE, a 50,000 square meter shopping mega store we launched in November 2019, and
many JD Home outlets and unmanned convenience stores.


Technology also permeates our customer service experience. Leveraging our cutting-edge technologies and big
data, we provide an individualized shopping experience for each customer. We identify customers’ demands and
provide accurate recommendations based on comprehensive algorithms derived from a large volume of data on
customer behavior and preferences.


Our AI-powered services also empower our partners to improve their operational efficiency and productivity. Our
marketing platform employs sophisticated AI and big data technologies to produce user behavior insights and
provide brand marketers and third-party merchants with one-stop brand building and sales growth solutions. This
not only reduces our marketers’ labor in marketing campaigns, but also improve their ROI. During promotion
seasons, our AI-based agent helps third-party merchants efficiently respond to large volume of customer
requests, cutting wait times and improving customer experience.


AI-triaged calls effectively reduce manned calls and improve operational efficiency. Furthermore, our advanced
AI custom service is integrated into our retail ecosystem by way of our SaaS (software as a service) platform.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022       147
      Part I (Continued)




           Smart Retail & Supply Chain Technology Enhancing Operational Efficiency
           Through years of online operation, we have amassed a large amount of know-how and data across China’s
           e-commerce supply-chain, from product manufacturing, warehouse operations and distribution to sales and
           customer service information. Combining the power of big data analytics and AI on our intelligent cloud platform,
           we streamline customer-to-manufacturer production to improve sales and enhance customer satisfaction. In
           August 2019, our Smart Supply Chain AI Platform was selected by the Science and Technology Ministry as one
           of China’s Top 10 National Open Innovation Platform for Next Generation AI. Leveraging our smart retail and
           supply chain technology, we provide technology solutions for our logistics operations to enable customers to
           transparently and effectively monitor, manage and optimize their logistic workflows.


           At the infrastructural level, during the two major online shopping events in 2022, JD Cloud platform had a solid
           operational performance by recording 99.95% of service level agreements (SLAs) and having zero outages.


           Technology Transcending Boundaries of Smart Logistics
           In 2019, we enhanced our capabilities and operations of unmanned delivery vehicles, including our in-house
           level 4 (L4) autonomous delivery robots. Level 4 refers to “high driving automation,” which means that no
           human intervention is needed as long as the system is operating within a certain geo-fenced area. Besides
           self-driving robots, we also deployed unmanned drones for parcel delivery in certain areas. Furthermore, we
           also leverage AI technologies to detect and triage mishandling of packages within our fulfillment infrastructure,
           reducing goods damaged while improving customer satisfaction.


           Marketing
           We believe that the most effective form of marketing is to continually enhance our customer experience, as
           customer satisfaction engenders word-of-mouth referrals and repeat purchases. We have been able to build
           an extensive base of loyal customers primarily through providing superior customer experience and conducting
           marketing and brand promotion activities.


           In addition to continuing marketing activities through traditional online and offline channels, we have also
           designed innovative programs and promotion activities to further enhance the brand awareness of both
           ourselves and our partners and to better reach our customers. We have launched a series of successful
           joint marketing campaigns such as “Super Brand Days,” “Super Category Days” and “Super New Product
           Days.” We will continue to leverage our data-driven customer insights to provide customized marketing tools
           and campaigns for business partners and help them to develop brand recognition in China. We have also
           made progress in social e-commerce innovations, particularly benefiting from access points within Weixin
           and QQ channels, both of which have a large mobile internet user base. Through leveraging more targeted,
           innovative and interactive marketing tools, we can help brands on the platform increase exposure, drive traffic
           and achieve deeper penetration into lower-tier cities and attract younger generations.


           With the increasing popularity of mobile internet-enabled devices, over 90% of our orders fulfilled were placed
           through our mobile apps in 2022. In order to further improve the customer experience and increase user
           engagement on the mobile internet, we are exploring cooperation opportunities with many business partners on




148   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




the mobile side. In addition, we have formed strategic partnerships with a number of major internet companies
in China, aiming at leveraging these companies’ massive user bases to strengthen collaboration in targeted
marketing, user access points and content-driven marketing. We incurred RMB27.2 billion, RMB38.7 billion and
RMB37.8 billion (US$5.5 billion) of marketing expenses in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


Competition
The online retail industry in China is intensely competitive. Our current or potential competitors include (i) major
e-commerce companies in China that offer a wide range of general merchandise product categories, such as
Alibaba Group, which operates taobao.com and tmall.com, and (ii) major traditional retailers in China that are
moving into online retailing, such as Suning Appliance Company Limited, which operates suning.com. We also
face competition from online retail companies in China focused on specific product categories and from physical
retail stores, including big-box stores that also aim to offer a one-stop shopping experience.


We anticipate that the online retail market will continually evolve and will continue to experience rapid
technological change, evolving industry standards, shifting customer requirements, and frequent innovation. We
must continually innovate to remain competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our industry
are:


•      brand recognition and reputation;


•      product quality and selection;


•      pricing;


•      fulfillment capabilities; and


•      customer service.


In addition, new and enhanced technologies may increase competition in the online retail industry. New
competitive business models may appear, for example based on new forms of social media or social commerce.


We believe that we are well-positioned to effectively compete on the basis of the factors listed above. However,
some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better
supplier relationships, larger customer bases or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we do.


Seasonality
We experience seasonality in our business, reflecting a combination of seasonal fluctuations in customer
purchases, promotional events, and traditional retail seasonality patterns. For example, we generally experience
less user traffic and purchase orders during national holidays in China, particularly during the Chinese New
Year holiday season in the first quarter of each year. Furthermore, sales in the traditional retail industry are
significantly higher in the fourth quarter of each calendar year than in the preceding three quarters.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        149
      Part I (Continued)




           E-commerce companies in China hold special promotional campaigns on November 11 each year that tend
           to boost sales in the fourth quarter relative to other quarters, and we hold a special promotional campaign in
           the second quarter of each year, on June 18, to celebrate the anniversary of the founding of our e-commerce
           business. Overall, the impact of seasonality on our business has been relatively mild due to our rapid growth but
           we have seen an upward trend and such a trend may continue in the future. Due to our limited operating history,
           the seasonal trends that we have experienced in the past may not apply to, or be indicative of, our future
           operating results.


           Intellectual Property
           We regard our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, know-how, proprietary technologies, and
           similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on copyright, trademark and patent law and
           confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements with our employees and others to protect
           our proprietary rights. As of December 31, 2022, we owned over 3,300 computer software copyrights in China
           relating to various aspects of our operations and maintained over 24,700 trademark registrations inside China
           and over 4,700 trademark registrations outside China. We had approximately 32,300 trademark applications
           inside China and over 6,700 outside China. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 6,300 patents
           granted in China, over 450 patents granted outside China, approximately 18,500 patent applications pending in
           China and approximately 2,200 patent applications pending outside China. As of December 31, 2022, we had
           registered over 8,200 domain names. Our registered domain names include jd.com, jdl.cn and jdhealth.com,
           among others.


           Insurance
           We maintain various insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We have purchased
           all risk property insurance covering our inventory and fixed assets such as equipment, furniture and office
           facilities. We maintain public liability insurance for our business activities at 95 locations. We also provide
           social security insurance including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance,
           maternity insurance and medical insurance for our employees. Additionally, we provide group accident
           insurance for all employees and supplementary medical insurance for all management and technology and other
           professional personnel. We do not maintain business interruption insurance other than in connection with the
           fixed business premises of our 7FRESH business, nor do we maintain product liability insurance or key-man
           insurance. We consider our insurance coverage to be sufficient for our business operations in China.


           Enterprise Social Responsibility
           Having a positive impact on the communities in which we operate is an integral part of our business, and we
           maintain that our core values. Our commitment to partners, customers, investors, our employees and society as
           a whole are the foundation upon which we build a healthy, vibrant and sustainable ecosystem. Combined with
           an unrelenting focus on developing our technology capabilities to improve efficiency and service, we have laid
           the groundwork for many years of robust growth.




150   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




We are committed to leveraging our technology, logistics infrastructure and relationships with consumers
and suppliers to benefit society. We believe in putting our business assets to use to build not only the future
of retail, but also a better future for all stakeholders. Our core social responsibility includes environmental
sustainability, employee care, poverty alleviation and more. In 2014, we also established the JD Foundation to
manage charity-related projects.


Environmental Sustainability
“Powered by Technology for A More Productive and Sustainable World” is our mission and core strategy of
social responsibility. We continue creating values for economic development, environmental friendliness, and
social harmony, based on the technological driver from our Digitally Intelligent Social Supply Chain and the
organizational driver from corporate governance, employees, and business partners. We help establish a more
productive and sustainable future in terms of promoting employment, enhancing rural revitalization, improving
social efficiency, driving high-quality consumption, facilitating the digitalization of the real economy, and
supporting supply-side structural reforms, thereby proactively being accountable for social responsibility.


On April 19, 2021, we published our first ESG report, which highlights our long-term approach to ESG initiatives.
Since then, we have been proactively publishing ESG report on an annual basis. These reports capture our
corporate social responsibility strategic framework, which is centered on using digitally intelligent supply chain
to cover three pillars: boosting the real economy, improving social efficiency and enhancing environmental
friendliness.


On June 18, 2021, we published our sustainability report discussing our company’s achievements from 2018 to
2020 in creating a low-carbon enterprise through environmentally friendly logistics, procurement and facilities.
Based on our operating and business advantages, we will build a green and low-carbon business model with
three dimensions: covering its own operations, supply chain management, and consumer influence to achieve
green economic development and jointly build the green community.


On green operations, we aim to lead by example through the company’s own green operations with a lower
carbon footprint and greening our business world. For example, we actively implement the concept of green
procurement, comprehensively considering the energy-saving and environmental protection benefits of product
design, procurement, production, packaging, logistics, sales, service, recycling, and reuse.


On low-carbon and green supply chain, we replace traditional fuel-combustion trucks with new energy vehicles,
leading to the development of green transportation. As of the end of 2022, JD Logistics has launched new
energy vehicles in 7 regions across China, reducing at least 400,000 tons of carbon dioxide emissions per
year. We use big data to carry out real-time optimal route planning and storage network planning to reduce the
number of vehicles in transit, increase the full load rate of return vehicles, and optimize the efficiency of logistics
transportation.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022         151
      Part I (Continued)




           On green lifestyle advocacy, consumers preference for more sustainable lifestyles and consumption are
           leading to changes in market demand. This is driving industries to transition towards greener development
           models can lead sustainable lifestyles and can participate in and promote sustainable development. In 2019,
           we joined hands with the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) to launch the “Giant Panda-Friendly Enterprise
           Alliance.” With the help of our platform, we drive upstream business partners to develop sustainable products
           with agricultural products from the panda habitat, while using trustworthy products. This platform provides
           consumers with rich, high-quality, and responsible consumption choices.


           We will continue improving our ESG governance structure and system, enhance regulation and law compliance,
           information security, operational safety, realizing the coordination between expectations from external
           stakeholders and internal growth.


           Employee care
           We have always striven to provide employees with comprehensive social benefits, a diverse work environment
           and a wide range of career development opportunities. We have invested significant resources in employee
           career development and training. In 2022, we developed proprietary talent tools based on the JD talent
           competency model and applied these tools to our talent selection and development. In the past year, we
           dedicated ourselves to supporting our employee career development and driving them to seek and achieve
           their career goals, while also strengthening our employees’ sense of belong and value recognition. Additionally,
           we placed special emphasis on the building of a talent pipeline and cohesive organizational culture. We
           have established a comprehensive system for employee training and development, covering leadership,
           general competencies, professional competencies, and others. Our comprehensive training program includes
           corporate culture, employee rights and responsibilities, team building, professional behavior, job performance,
           management skills, leadership, and administrative decision-making. In 2022, we provided more than 27,665
           training courses online and offline for employees.


           In 2022, we continued to improve employee surveys through our internal communication tools on a routine
           basis, covering a broad range of topics such as company culture, team cooperation, personal development, and
           others. The surveys helped the management team better understand employees’ needs and thus improved the
           health of the overall organization.


           We won several employer awards in 2022, among which the most influential include Campus Most Attractive
           Employer Award (by Universum), Best Employer of 2022 (by Zhaopin.com & PKU) and World’s Best Employers
           (by Forbes).


           Poverty alleviation
           Leveraging our strong supply chain, cutting-edge technologies and logistics network, we participate in poverty
           alleviation efforts in rural areas. We pioneered our rural e-commerce strategy, aiming to make agricultural
           products in rural areas available online and at the same time, allow authentic products to reach residents in
           rural areas. We operate China’s trusted online donation platform, through which our customers can purchase




152   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




products and donate them directly to non-profit organizations and groups in need across China, leveraging our
in-house logistics network. To ensure the transparency of the process, we allow customers to track the delivery
status of their donations online to make sure their donation reaches the intended recipient.


COVID-19 outbreak relief
Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have spared no efforts in fighting the virus. We leverage our
leading advantages in the supply chain and logistics fields through a series of efficient, reliable, and innovative
anti-epidemic measures to meet social needs with medical resources and daily necessities.


For example, throughout the year, we made numerous donations of rescue supplies and daily necessities to
regions stroke by COVID-19 outbreaks, such as Beijing in late 2022. The emergency efforts also reflect our
longstanding policy of immediately donating goods to areas affected by disasters from our nearest warehouse.
To further exemplify our strength in supply chain, during the COVID-19 outbreak in Shanghai in 2022, JD.com
has dispatched over 4,000 couriers and over 100 JD autonomous vehicles to support local supply operations
in the city. While ensuring supplies will reach the frontline, we also provided COVID-19 insurance to our
employees.


Regulation
This section sets forth a summary of the most significant rules and regulations that affect our business activities
in China.


Regulations Relating to Foreign Investment
Investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors are principally governed by the Catalog of Industries
for Encouraging Foreign Investment, or the Encouraging Catalogue, and the Special Management Measures
(Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment, or the Negative List which were promulgated and are
amended from time to time by the Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC, and together with the FIL and their
respective implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Encouraging Catalogue and the Negative List
lay out the basic framework for foreign investment in China, classifying businesses into three categories
with regard to foreign investment: “encouraged”, “restricted” and “prohibited”. Industries not listed in the
Encouraging Catalogue, are generally deemed as falling into a fourth category “permitted” unless specifically
restricted by other PRC laws.


The Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC promulgated the Catalogue of Industries for Encouraging Foreign
Investment (2022 Version), on October 26, 2022, and the Special Management Measures (Negative List) for the
Access of Foreign Investment (2021), or the 2021 Negative List, on December 27, 2021, to replace the previous
encouraging catalogue and negative list thereunder. Each of Jingdong Century and Shanghai Shengdayuan
primarily engages in the online wholesale and retail of products, the development of computer network
technology, technical consultancy and technical services, which are in the permitted category.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        153
      Part I (Continued)




           On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress promulgated the FIL, which has become effective on
           January 1, 2020 and replaced the Outgoing FIE Laws. The FIL, by means of legislation, establishes the basic
           framework for the access, promotion, protection and administration of foreign investment in view of investment
           protection and fair competition.


           According to the FIL, foreign investment shall enjoy pre-entry national treatment, except for those foreign
           invested entities that operate in industries deemed to be either “restricted” or “prohibited” in the “negative
           list.” The FIL provides that foreign invested entities operating in foreign “restricted” or “prohibited” industries
           will require entry clearance and other approvals. The FIL does not comment on the concept of “de facto control”
           or contractual arrangements with variable interest entities, however, it has a catch-all provision under definition
           of “foreign investment” to include investments made by foreign investors in China through means stipulated
           by laws or administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council. Therefore, it still leaves
           leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions to provide for contractual arrangements as
           a form of foreign investment. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Our current corporate structure and
           business operations may be affected by the PRC Foreign Investment Law.”


           The FIL also provides several protective rules and principles for foreign investors and their investments in
           the PRC, including, among others, that local governments shall abide by their commitments to the foreign
           investors; foreign-invested enterprises are allowed to issue stocks and corporate bonds; except for special
           circumstances, in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable compensation
           shall be made in a timely manner, expropriate or requisition the investment of foreign investors is prohibited;
           mandatory technology transfer is prohibited, allows foreign investors’ funds to be freely transferred out and
           into the territory of PRC, which run through the entire lifecycle from the entry to the exit of foreign investment,
           and provide an all-around and multi-angle system to guarantee fair competition of foreign-invested enterprises
           in the market economy. In addition, foreign investors or the foreign investment enterprise should be imposed
           legal liabilities for failing to report investment information in accordance with the requirements. Furthermore,
           the FIL provides that foreign invested enterprises established according to the existing laws regulating foreign
           investment may maintain their structure and corporate governance within five years after the implementing of
           the FIL, which means that foreign invested enterprises may be required to adjust the structure and corporate
           governance in accordance with the current PRC Company Law and other laws and regulations governing the
           corporate governance.


           On December 26, 2019, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Rules to the Foreign Investment
           Law, which became effective on January 1, 2020. The implementation rules further clarified that the state
           encourages and promotes foreign investment, protects the lawful rights and interests of foreign investors,
           regulates foreign investment administration, continues to optimize foreign investment environment, and
           advances a higher-level opening.




154   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




On December 30, 2019, the Ministry of Commerce and the SAMR, jointly promulgated the Measures for
Information Reporting on Foreign Investment, which became effective on January 1, 2020. Pursuant to the
Measures for Information Reporting on Foreign Investment, where a foreign investor carries out investment
activities in China directly or indirectly, the foreign investor or the foreign-invested enterprise shall submit the
investment information to the competent commerce department.


According to the Measures for the Security Review of Foreign Investment promulgated by the NDRC and the
Ministry of Commerce on December 19, 2020 and became effective on January 18, 2021, the NDRC and the
Ministry of Commerce will establish a working mechanism office in charge of the security review of foreign
investment. Such measures define foreign investment as direct or indirect investment by foreign investors in the
PRC, which includes (i) investment in new onshore projects or establishment of wholly foreign owned onshore
companies or joint ventures with foreign investors; (ii) acquiring equity or asset of onshore companies by
merger and acquisition; and (iii) onshore investment by and through any other means. Investment in certain key
areas with bearing on national security, such as important cultural products and services, important information
technology and internet services and products, key technologies and other important areas with bearing on
national security which results in the acquisition of de facto control of investee companies, shall be filed with a
specifically established office before such investment is carried out. What may constitute “onshore investment
by and through any other means” or “de facto control” could be broadly interpreted under such measures. It is
likely that control through contractual arrangement be regarded as de facto control based on provisions applied
to security review of foreign investment in the free trade zone. Failure to make such filing may subject such
foreign investor to rectification within prescribed period, and will be recorded as negative credit information
of such foreign investor in the relevant national credit information system, which would then subject such
investors to joint punishment as provided by relevant rules. If such investor fails to or refuses to undertake such
rectification, it would be ordered to dispose of the equity or asset and to take any other necessary measures so
as to return to the status quo and to erase the impact to national security.


Foreign Investment in Value-Added Telecommunications Businesses
The Regulations for Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunications Enterprises promulgated by
the State Council in December 2001 and subsequently amended in September 2008 and February 2016 set
forth detailed requirements with respect to capitalization, investor qualifications and application procedures
in connection with the establishment of a foreign-invested telecommunications enterprise. These regulations
prohibit a foreign entity from owning more than 50% of the total equity interest in any value-added
telecommunications service business in China and require the major foreign investor in any value-added
telecommunications service business in China have a good and profitable record and operating experience in the
industry. However, pursuant to the latest amendment to the Regulations for Administration of Foreign-invested
Telecommunications Enterprises issued by the State Council in March 2022, which became effective on
May 1, 2022, several provisions, including the requirement that such major foreign investors described
above to have a good and profitable record and operating experience in the industry had been removed. In
addition, the 2021 Negative List allows foreign investors to hold more than 50% equity interests in a value-
added telecommunications service provider engaging in e-commerce, domestic multiparty communication,
storage-and-forward and call center businesses. Due to these regulations, we operate our www.jd.com website
through Jingdong 360, one of the consolidated variable interest entities.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        155
      Part I (Continued)




           In July 2006, the Ministry of Information Industry, the predecessor of the Ministry of Industry and Information
           Technology, or the MIIT, issued the Circular on Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in
           the Operation of Value-added Telecommunications Business, pursuant to which a PRC domestic company
           that holds an operating license for value-added telecommunications business, which we refer to as a
           Value-added Telecommunication License, or a VAT License, is prohibited from leasing, transferring or selling
           the VAT License to foreign investors in any form and from providing any assistance, including resources, sites
           or facilities, to foreign investors that conduct a value-added telecommunications business illegally in the PRC.
           Further, the domain names and registered trademarks used by an operating company providing value-added
           telecommunications services must be legally owned by that company or its shareholders. In addition, the
           company’s operational premises and equipment must comply with the approved coverage region on its VAT
           License, and the company must establish and improve its internal internet and information security policies
           and standards and emergency management procedures. If a VAT License holder fails to comply with the
           requirements and also fails to remedy such non-compliance within a specified period of time, the MIIT or its
           local counterparts have the discretion to take administrative measures against the license holder, including
           revoking its VAT License. Jingdong 360, the operator of our www.jd.com website, owns the relevant domain
           names and registered trademarks and has the necessary personnel to operate the website.


           Licenses and Permits
           We are required to hold a variety of licenses and permits in connection with various aspects of our business,
           including the following:


           Value-added Telecommunication License. The Telecommunications Regulations promulgated by the State
           Council and its related implementation rules, including the Catalog of Classification of Telecommunications
           Business issued by the MIIT, categorize various types of telecommunications and telecommunications-
           related activities into basic or value-added telecommunications services, and internet information services, or
           ICP services, are classified as value-added telecommunications businesses. Under the Telecommunications
           Regulations, commercial operators of value-added telecommunications services must first obtain a VAT
           License from the MIIT or its provincial level counterparts. Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Internet
           Information Services promulgated by the State Council in 2000 and amended in 2011, a commercial ICP
           service operator must obtain an ICP License from the relevant government authorities before engaging in any
           commercial ICP service in China. When the ICP service involves areas of news, publication, education, medical
           treatment, health, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, and if required by law or relevant regulations, specific
           approval from the respective regulatory authorities must be obtained prior to applying for the ICP License
           from the MIIT or its provincial level counterpart. In 2017, the MIIT replaced the Administrative Measures on
           Telecommunications Business Operating Licenses promulgated in 2009 by promulgating the Administrative
           Measures on Telecommunications Business Operating Licenses, which set forth more specific provisions
           regarding the types of licenses required to operate value-added telecommunications services, the qualifications
           and procedures for obtaining such licenses and the administration and supervision of such licenses. Jingdong
           360, as our ICP operator, holds an ICP License issued by the Beijing Telecommunications Administration for
           the provision of information services through the internet, a VAT License issued by Beijing Telecommunication
           Administration for the provision of online data processing and transaction processing services and also a VAT




156   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




License issued by the MIIT for the provision of information services through a mobile network, the provision of
internet data center services, internet access services, cellular mobile communications services provided in the
means of resale, content delivery network services and storage-and-forward services.


Internet Publication License/Network Publication Service License. As a result of institutional reform in
March 2018, the National Press and Publication Administration was established and assigned to undertake the
administration of publication activities in China from the State Administration of Press and Publication, Radio,
Film and Television, or the SAPPRFT, which was integrated from the State Administration of Radio, Film and
Television, and the General Administration of Press and Publication in March 2013. In June 2002, the MIIT and
the General Administration of Press and Publication jointly promulgated the Tentative Administrative Measures
on Internet Publication, which require internet publishers to obtain a license from the General Administration
of Press and Publication to conduct internet publication activities. In February 2016, the SAPPRFT and the
MITT jointly issued the Administrative Measures on Network Publication, which took effect in March 2016
and replaced the Tentative Administrative Measures on Internet Publication. The Administrative Measures on
Network Publication further strengthened and expanded the supervision and management on the network
publication service. Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Network Publication, entities engaging in the
network publication service are required to obtain a network publication service license from a competent
administrative authority; the network publishing services refer to the activities of providing network publications
to the public through information networks; and the network publications refer to the digitalized works with
the publishing features such as editing, producing and processing. The Administrative Measures on Network
Publication also provide the detailed qualifications and application procedures for obtaining a Network Publication
Service License. Jingdong 360 holds a Network Publication Service License, which is in the process of being
renewed.


Online Culture Operating Permit. The Provisional Measures on Administration of Internet Culture,
promulgated by the former Ministry of Culture in 2011 (as amended in 2017) and other related rules require
entities to obtain an Online Culture Operating Permit from the applicable provincial level culture administrative
authority to engage in activities related to “online cultural products.” Cultural products include music,
performances, performing arts, works of art, and animation features and cartoons, while “online” includes
both products produced for the internet and products converted from offline products and disseminated over
the internet. Jingdong 360 holds an Online Culture Operating Permit issued by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of
Culture and Tourism, which will remain valid until December 2023.


Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate. In July 2004, the State Food and Drug
Administration, or the SFDA, the predecessor of the National Medical Products Administration, or the NMPA,
promulgated the Administrative Measures on Internet Drug Information Service (amended in November 2017).
In addition, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress further amended the Drug Administration
Law on August 26, 2019, which became effective on December 1, 2019. These laws and measures, together
with certain implementing rules and notices promulgated by the SFDA or the NMPA, set out regulations
governing the classification, application, approval, content, qualifications and requirements for internet drug
information services. An ICP service operator that provides information regarding drugs or medical devices




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        157
      Part I (Continued)




           must obtain an Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate from the applicable provincial level
           administrative authority. Jingdong 360 holds an Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate issued
           by the Beijing Drug Administration for the provision of internet medical information services, which will remain
           valid until July 2024.


           Courier Service Operation Permit. Pursuant to the PRC Postal Law, the Administrative Measures on the
           Courier Service Market and the Administrative Measures on Courier Service Operation Permits, any entity
           engaging in courier services must obtain a Courier Service Operation Permit from the State Post Bureau or
           its local counterpart and is subject to their supervision and regulation. Entities applying for a permit to operate
           courier services in a certain province should apply to the provincial level post bureau, while an entity applying for
           a permit to operate courier services across multiple provinces should apply to the State Post Bureau. An entity
           holding a cross-provincial Courier Service Operation Permit may provide courier services in cities other than its
           place of registration by establishing new branches at these cities and then filing with the relevant provincial
           post bureau for those branches. In addition, pursuant to the Interim Regulations of Courier which came into
           effect in May 2018 and was further amended in March 2019, express delivery operators and their branches
           may open express delivery terminal outlets according to their business needs, and shall file with the local postal
           administrations in the places where such terminal outlets are located within 20 days from the date of opening
           such terminal outlets. Express delivery terminal outlets are not required to obtain a business license. The courier
           business must be operated within the permitted scope and valid term of the Courier Service Operation Permit.
           As of December 31, 2022, Jingbangda had obtained one cross-provincial Courier Service Operation Permit, and
           its 37 subsidiaries had obtained Courier Service Operation Permits. We are in the process of making filings
           with local postal administrations for express delivery terminal outlets of Jingbangda and its branches. See “Key
           Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We are subject to a broad range of laws and
           regulations. Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business or any failure to
           comply with applicable laws or regulations may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial
           condition and results of operations.”


           Road Transportation Operation Permit. Under the Regulations on Road Transportation promulgated by the
           State Council in April 2004 and as amended, and the Provisions on Administration of Road Transportation
           and Stations (Sites) issued by the Ministry of Transport in June 2005 and as amended, unless otherwise
           provided in the foregoing laws, anyone engaging in the business of operating road transportation must obtain
           a Road Transportation Operation Permit, and each vehicle used for shipping must have a Road Transportation
           Certificate. As of December 31, 2022, Xi’an Jingdong Xuncheng and its 10 branches and two subsidiaries,
           Jingbangda and its 29 subsidiaries had obtained Road Transportation Operation Permits that allow these entities
           to provide road freight transportation services. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risk Related to Our
           Business — We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations. Any lack of requisite approvals, licenses
           or permits applicable to our business or any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations may have a
           material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.”




158   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Business License. In March 2018, Civil Aviation Administration promulgated the
Administrative Measures for Profit-oriented Flight Activities of Civil Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (for Provisional
Implementation), pursuant to which an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Business License shall be obtained for the use
of unmanned aerial vehicles for commercial flight activities, and no commercial flight activities shall be conducted
without an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Operation Permit. Three subsidiaries of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, have
obtained the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Operation Permit.

Publication Operation Permit. In May 2016, the Ministry of Commerce and the SAPPRFT jointly promulgated
the Administrative Measures for the Publication Market (2016 Version), or the Publication Market Measures
(2016 Version), which replaced the Administrative Measures for the Publication Market (2011 Version).
According to the Publication Market Measures (2016 Version), where an entity or individual is engaged in the
distribution of publications via the internet or other information networks, the entity or individual is required to
obtain a Publication Operation Permit. Entities and individuals engaged in the wholesale or retail of publications
are required to carry out the relevant activities within the scope of a Publication Operation Permit. Where
an entity or individual has obtained the Publication Operation Permit and is engaged in the distribution of
publications via the internet or other information networks within the approved business scope, the entity or
individual is required to complete record filing with the publication administrative department within 15 days
after launching the online distribution business. We engage in wholesale and retail of books and audio and
video products and other publications mainly through entities including Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Beijing Jingdong
Century Information Technology Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Jingdong Trading Limited, Shenyang Jingdong Century
Trading Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Yuanmai Trading Co., Ltd., among others. Each of these entities has obtained a
Publication Operation Permit.

Food Operation Permit. China has adopted a licensing system for food supply operations under the Food
Safety Law and its implementation rules. Entities or individuals that intend to engage in food production, food
distribution or food service businesses must obtain licenses or permits for such businesses. Pursuant to the
Administrative Measures on Food Operation Licensing issued by the SFDA in August 2015 and amended
in November 2017, an enterprise needs to obtain a Food Operation Permit from the local food and drug
administration, and the permits already obtained by food business operators prior to the effective date of these
new measures will remain valid for their originally approved validity period. We sell food, liquor and nutritional
supplements through our mobile apps and websites. Our major PRC subsidiaries or their branches engaging in
food operation business have obtained Food Operation Permits.

Medical Device Operation Enterprise Permit. The Regulations on Supervision and Administration of Medical
Devices, issued by the State Council in 2000 and further amended in March 2014, May 2017 and June 2021,
divides medical devices into three types. Enterprises engaging in the sale of Type II medical devices must
file with the relevant drug supervision and administration authority while those engaging in the sale of Type
III medical devices must obtain a Medical Device Operation Permit from the relevant drug supervision and
administrative authority. Beijing Jingdong Century Information Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Jingdong
Century), Beijing Jingdong Hongjian Jiankang Co., Ltd. and certain other subsidiaries of Beijing Jingdong
Jiankang Co., Ltd. have obtained Medical Device Operation Permits for the sale of several types of Type III
medical devices.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        159
      Part I (Continued)




           Permit for Production and Operation of Radio and TV Programs
           Under the Regulations on the Administration of Production of Radio and Television Programs issued by the State
           Administration of Radio, Film and Television in July 2004 and amended in August 2015, any entities that engage
           in the production of radio and television programs are required to apply for a Permit for Production and Operation
           of Radio and TV Programs from the competent administrative authority. Entities with this permit must conduct
           their business operations in compliance with the approved scope of production and operation. Furthermore,
           entities other than radio and TV stations are prohibited from producing consolidated radio and TV programs
           regarding current political news or similar subjects. Jingdong 360 has obtained a Permit for Production and
           Operation of Radio and TV Programs, which remains valid until June 2023.


           Regulations Relating to E-Commerce
           China’s e-commerce industry is at a relatively early stage of development and there are few PRC laws or
           regulations specifically regulating the e-commerce industry.


           On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the
           E-Commerce Law, which became effective on January 1, 2019. Pursuant to the E-Commerce Law, an
           e-commerce platform operator shall (i) collect, verify and register the truthful information submitted by the third-
           party merchants that apply to sell products or provide services on its platform, including the identities, addresses,
           contacts and licenses, establish registration archives and update such information on a regular basis; (ii) submit
           the identification information of the third-party merchants on its platform to market regulatory administrative
           department as required and remind the third-party merchants to complete the registration with market regulatory
           administrative department; (iii) submit identification information and tax-related information to tax authorities as
           required in accordance with the laws and regulations regarding the administration of tax collection and remind
           the individual third-party merchants to complete the tax registration; (iv) record and retain the information of the
           products and services and the transaction information for no less than 3 years; (v) display the platform service
           agreement and the transaction rules or links to such information on the homepage of the platform; (vi) display
           the noticeable labels regarding the products or services provided by the platform operator itself on its platform,
           and take liabilities for such products and services; (vii) establish a credit evaluation system, display the credit
           evaluation rules, provide consumers with accesses to make comments on the products and services provided
           on its platform, and restrain from deleting such comments; and (viii) establish intellectual property protection
           rules, and take necessary measures when any intellectual property holder notify the platform operator that his
           intellectual property rights have been infringed. An e-commerce platform operator shall take joint liabilities with
           the relevant third-party merchants on its platform and may be subject to warnings and fines up to RMB2,000,000
           where (i) it fails to take necessary measures when it knows or should have known that the products or services
           provided by the third-party merchants on its platform do not meet the personal or property safety requirements
           or such third-party merchants’ other acts may infringe on the lawful rights and interests of the consumers; or
           (ii) it fails to take necessary measures, such as deleting and blocking information, disconnecting, terminating
           transactions and services, when it knows or should have known that the third-party merchants on its platform
           infringe any intellectual property rights of any other third party. With respect to products or services affecting
           the consumers’ life and health, if an e-commerce platform operator fails to verify the third-party merchants’
           qualification or fails to fulfill its obligations to safeguard the safety of consumers, which results in damages to the
           consumers, it shall take corresponding liabilities and may be subject to warnings and fines up to RMB2,000,000.


160   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




On March 15, 2021, the SAMR promulgated the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online
Trading, or the Online Trading Measures, which aims to regulate business activities involving the sale of
commodities or provision of services through the internet and other information networks, to replace the
Administrative Measures for Online trading promulgated in January 2014. Pursuant to Online Trading Measures,
online trading operators are classified into four types: the online trading platform operators, operators on
platform, operators of self-built websites, and operators that carry out online trading activities through other
online services. The Online Trading Measures reinforces the operation requirements as provided under the
E-Commerce Law and the principles of legality, rationality and necessity in the collection and use of the users’
information and disclosure of the rules, purposes, methods and scopes of collection and use of user information.
The Online Trading Measures also provides that the online trading operators (i) shall not use false transactions,
fabricated user review etc. to conduct false or misleading business promotion, so as to defraud or mislead
consumers and (ii) shall not eliminate or restrict competition, damage or ruin the competitor’s reputation.
Furthermore, the Online Trading Measures imposes a series of regulatory requirements on new forms of online
trading, such as online social networking e-commerce and online livestreaming e-commerce.


In March 2016, the STA, the Ministry of Finance and the General Administration of Customs jointly issued the
Circular on Tax Policy for Cross-Border E-commerce Retail Imports, which took effect in April 2016. Pursuant to
this circular, goods imported through the cross-border e-commerce retail are subject to tariff, import value-added
tax, and consumption tax based on the types of goods. Individuals purchasing any goods imported through
cross-border e-commerce retail are taxpayers, and e-commerce companies, companies operating e-commerce
transaction platforms or logistic companies are required to withhold the taxes.


We are subject to these measures as a result of our online retail marketplace business.


Regulations Relating to Internet Content
The Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services specify that internet information services
regarding news, publications, education, medical and health care, pharmacy and medical devices, among other
things, are to be examined, approved and regulated by the relevant authorities. Internet information providers
are prohibited from providing services beyond those included in the scope of their ICP licenses or filings.
Furthermore, these measures clearly specify a list of prohibited content. Internet information providers are
prohibited from producing, copying, publishing or distributing information that is humiliating or defamatory to
others or that infringes the lawful rights and interests of others. Internet information providers that violate the
prohibition may face criminal charges or administrative sanctions by the PRC authorities. Internet information
providers must monitor and control the information posted on their websites. If any prohibited content is
found, they must remove the offending content immediately, keep a record of it and report to the relevant
authorities. Furthermore, in 2019, the CAC issued the Provisions on the Management of Network Information
Content Ecology, or the CAC Order No.5, which became effective on March 1, 2020, to further strengthen the
regulation and management of network information content. Pursuant to the CAC Order No.5, each network
information content service platform is required, among others, (i) not to disseminate any information prohibited
by laws and regulations, such as information jeopardizing national security; (ii) to strengthen the examination of
advertisements published on such network information content service platform; (iii) to promulgate management
rules and platform convention and improve user agreement, such that such network information content service


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        161
      Part I (Continued)




           platform could clarify users’ rights and obligations and perform management responsibilities required by laws,
           regulations, rules and convention; (iv) to establish convenient means for complaints and reports; and (v) to
           prepare annual work report regarding its management of network information content ecology. In addition, a
           network information content service platform must not, among others, (i) utilize new technologies such as deep
           learning and virtual reality to engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations; (ii) engage in online traffic
           fraud, malicious traffic rerouting and other activities related to fraudulent account, illegal transaction account or
           maneuver of users’ account; or (iii) infringe a third party’s legitimate rights or seek illegal interests by way of
           interfering with information display.


           On September 15, 2021, the CAC promulgated the Opinions on Further Enforcing Responsibilities on
           Website Platforms as the Main Responsible Party for Information Content Management. In accordance with
           the Opinions, website platforms are required to perform specific responsibilities as the main responsible
           party for information content management, including, among others, enhancing the platform community
           rules, strengthening the regulation and management of accounts, improving the content vetting mechanism,
           improving the quality of information content, managing the dissemination of information content, and
           strengthening the management of key functions.


           Internet information in China is also regulated and restricted from a national security standpoint. The National
           People’s Congress, China’s national legislative body, has enacted the Decisions on Maintaining Internet
           Security, which may subject violators to criminal punishment in China for any effort to: (1) gain improper entry
           into a computer or system of strategic importance; (2) disseminate politically disruptive information; (3) leak
           state secrets; (4) spread false commercial information; or (5) infringe intellectual property rights. The Ministry of
           Public Security has promulgated measures that prohibit use of the internet in ways which, among other things,
           result in a leakage of state secrets or a spread of socially destabilizing content.


           Regulations Relating to Information Security
           The National People’s Congress has enacted legislation that prohibits use of the internet that breaches the
           public security, disseminates socially destabilizing content or leaks state secrets. Breach of public security
           includes breach of national security and infringement on legal rights and interests of the state, society or
           citizens. Socially destabilizing content includes any content that incites defiance or violations of PRC laws or
           regulations or subversion of the PRC government or its political system, spreads socially disruptive rumors or
           involves cult activities, superstition, obscenities, pornography, gambling or violence. State secrets are defined
           broadly to include information concerning PRC national defense, state affairs and other matters as determined
           by the PRC authorities.


           Pursuant to applicable regulations, ICP operators must complete mandatory security filing procedures and
           regularly update information security and monitoring systems for their websites with local public security
           authorities, and must also report any public dissemination of prohibited content.


           In December 2015, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the Anti-Terrorism
           Law of the PRC, or the Anti-Terrorism Law, which took effect on January 1, 2016 and was amended on April 27,
           2018. According to the Anti-Terrorism Law, telecommunication service operators or internet service providers


162   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




shall (i) provide technical interfaces, decryption and other technical support and assistance for the competent
departments to prevent and investigate terrorist activities; (ii) implement network security and information
monitoring systems as well as safety and technical prevention measures to avoid the dissemination of terrorism
information, delete the terrorism information, immediately halt its dissemination, keep relevant records and
report to the competent departments once the terrorism information is discovered; and (iii) examine customer
identities before providing services. Any violation of the Anti-Terrorism Law may result in severe penalties,
including substantial fines.


In November 2016, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the Cyber Security
Law of the PRC, or the Cyber Security Law, which took effect on June 1, 2017. In accordance with the Cyber
Security Law, network operators must comply with applicable laws and regulations and fulfill their obligations
to safeguard network security in conducting business and providing services. Network service providers must
take technical and other necessary measures as required by laws, regulations and mandatory requirements
to safeguard the operation of networks, respond to network security effectively, prevent illegal and criminal
activities, and maintain the integrity, confidentiality and usability of network data. On December 28, 2021,
the CAC and other twelve PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the Cybersecurity Review Measures,
with effect from February 15, 2022, which provide detailed cybersecurity review procedures for the purchase
of network products and services by operators of “critical information infrastructure” or the data processing
activities by a network platform operator. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, “network products
and services” primarily refer to core network equipment, important communication product, high-performance
computers and servers, mass storage equipment, large databases and applications, network security equipment,
cloud computing services, and other network products and services that may have an important impact on the
security of critical information infrastructure, cyber security or data security.


For the further purposes of regulating data processing activities, safeguarding data security, promoting data
development and utilization, protecting the lawful rights and interests of individuals and organizations, and
maintaining national sovereignty, security, and development interests, on June 10, 2021, Standing Committee
of the PRC National People’s Congress published the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China,
which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law requires data processing, which includes
the collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision, publication of data, to be conducted in a
legitimate and proper manner. The Data Security Law provides for data security and privacy obligations on
entities and individuals carrying out data activities. The Data Security Law also introduces a data classification
and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social development,
and the degree of harm it may cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests
of individuals or organizations if such data are tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or illegally
used. The appropriate level of protection measures is required to be taken for each respective category of
data. For example, a processor of important data is required to designate the personnel and the management
body responsible for data security, carry out risk assessments of its data processing activities and file the risk
assessment reports with the competent authorities. State core data, i.e. data having a bearing on national
security, the lifelines of national economy, people’s key livelihood and major public interests, shall be subject to
stricter management system. Moreover, the Data Security Law provides a national security review procedure
for those data activities which affect or may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on certain


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        163
      Part I (Continued)




           data and information. In addition, the Data Security Law also provides that any organization or individual within
           the territory of the PRC shall not provide any foreign judicial body and law enforcement body with any data
           without the approval of the competent PRC governmental authorities. As the Data Security Law was recently
           promulgated, we may be required to make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with this
           law, as well as any adjustments that may be required by the ultimate Personal Information Protection Law.


           On July 6, 2021, certain PRC regulatory authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal
           Securities Activities, which, among others, provides for improving relevant laws and regulations on data security,
           cross-border data transmission, and confidential information management. It provided that efforts will be made
           to revise the regulations on strengthening the confidentiality and file management relating to the offering
           and listing of securities overseas, to implement the responsibility on information security of overseas listed
           companies, and to strengthen the standardized management of cross-border information provision mechanisms
           and procedures.


           On November 14, 2021, the CAC released the Draft Measures for Internet Data Security, which provides that
           data processors refer to individuals or organizations that autonomously determine the purpose and the manner
           of processing data. In accordance with the Draft Measures for Internet Data Security, data processors shall
           apply for a cybersecurity review for the following activities: (i) merger, reorganization or division of Internet
           platform operators that have acquired a large number of data resources related to national security, economic
           development or public interests to the extent that affects or may affect national security; (ii) listing abroad of
           data processors which process over one million users’ personal information; (iii) listing in Hong Kong which
           affects or may affect national security; or (iv) other data processing activities that affect or may affect national
           security. Besides, data processors that are listed overseas shall carry out an annual data security assessment.
           The Draft Measures for Internet Data Security remains unclear on whether the relevant requirements will be
           applicable to companies that have been listed in the United States and Hong Kong, such as us. There is no
           timetable as to when the Draft Measures for Internet Data Security will be enacted.


           On July 30, 2021, the State Council issued the Regulations on Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure,
           or the CII Regulations. Pursuant to the CII Regulations, critical information infrastructure shall mean the
           important network facilities or information systems of key industries or fields such as public communication
           and information service, energy, transportation, water conservation, finance, public services, e-government
           affairs and national defense science, and important network facilities or information systems which may
           endanger national security, people’s livelihood and public interest once there occur damage, malfunctioning
           or data leakage to them. The Regulations provide that no individual or organization may carry out any illegal
           activity of intruding into, interfering with, or sabotaging any critical information infrastructures, or endanger
           the security of any critical information infrastructures. The Regulations also require that critical information
           infrastructure operators shall establish a cybersecurity protection system and accountability system, and that
           the main responsible person of a critical information infrastructure operator shall take full responsibility for the
           security protection of the critical information infrastructures operated by it. In addition, relevant administration
           departments of each important industry and sector shall be responsible for formulating the rule of critical
           information infrastructure determination applicable to their respective industry or sector, and determine the
           critical information infrastructure operators in their industry or sector.


164   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




On July 12, 2021, the MIIT and two other authorities jointly issued the Provisions on the Administration of
Security Vulnerabilities of Network Products, or the Provisions. The Provisions state that, no organization or
individual may abuse the security vulnerabilities of network products to engage in activities that endanger
network security, or to illegally collect, sell, or publish the information on such security vulnerabilities. Anyone
who is aware of the aforesaid offences shall not provide technical support, advertising, payment settlement and
other assistance to the relevant offenders. According to the Provisions, network product providers, network
operators, and platforms collecting network product security vulnerabilities shall establish and improve channels
for receiving network product security vulnerability information and keep such channels available, and retain
network product security vulnerability information reception logs for at least six months. The Provisions also
bans provision of undisclosed vulnerabilities to overseas organizations or individuals other than to the product
providers.


On July 7, 2022, the CAC promulgated the Security Assessment Measures, which became effective on
September 1, 2022. The Security Assessment Measures provide for the circumstances under which a data
processor shall be subject to security assessment, including (i) where a data processor provides important
data abroad; (ii) where a critical information infrastructure operator or a data processor that processes personal
information of more than one million individuals provides personal information abroad; (iii) where a data
processor that has exported personal information of over 100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information
of over 10,000 individuals in total since January 1 of the previous year provides personal information abroad; and
(iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC.


Furthermore, the Provisions on Technological Measures for Internet Security Protection, promulgated by the
Ministry of Public Security and became effective in March 2006, require all ICP operators to keep records of
certain information about its users (including user registration information, log-in and log-out time, IP address,
content and time of posts by users) for at least 60 days and submit the above information as required by laws
and regulations. The Decision on Strengthening Network Information Protection, or the Network Information
Protection Decision, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in
December 2012, states that ICP operators must request identity information from users when ICP operators
provide information publication services to the users. If ICP operators come across prohibited information, they
must immediately cease the transmission of such information, take measures such as elimination, keep relevant
records, and report to relevant government authorities.


On October 21, 2019, the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate of the PRC jointly
issued the Interpretations on Certain Issues Regarding the Applicable of Law in the Handling of Criminal Case
Involving Illegal Use of Information Networks and Assisting Committing Internet Crimes, which came into effect
on November 1, 2019, and further clarifies the meaning of Internet service provider and the severe situations of
the relevant crimes.


Regulations Relating to Internet Privacy
The PRC Constitution states that PRC law protects the freedom and privacy of communications of citizens and
prohibits infringement of these rights. In recent years, PRC government authorities have enacted legislation
on internet use to protect personal information from any unauthorized disclosure. The Network Information


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        165
      Part I (Continued)




           Protection Decision provides that electronic information that identifies a citizen or involves privacy of any citizen
           is protected by law and must not be unlawfully collected or provided to others. ICP operators collecting or
           using personal electronic information of citizens must specify the purposes, manners and scopes of information
           collection and uses, obtain consent of the relevant citizens, and keep the collected personal information
           confidential. ICP operators are prohibited from disclosing, tampering with, damaging, selling or illegally providing
           others with, collected personal information. ICP operators are required to take technical and other measures to
           prevent the collected personal information from any unauthorized disclosure, damage or loss. The Administrative
           Measures on Internet Information Services prohibit an ICP operator from insulting or slandering a third party
           or infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of a third party. According to the Provisions on Protection of
           Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users, which was promulgated by MIIT and became
           effective in September 2013, telecommunication business operators and ICP operators are responsible for the
           security of the personal information of users they collect or use in the course of their provision of services.
           Without obtaining the consent from the users, telecommunication business operators and ICP operators may
           not collect or use the users’ personal information. The personal information collected or used in the course
           of provision of services by the telecommunication business operators or ICP operators must be kept in strict
           confidence, and may not be divulged, tampered with or damaged, and may not be sold or illegally provided
           to others. The ICP operators are required to take certain measures to prevent any divulgence of, damage to,
           tampering with or loss of users’ personal information. In accordance with the Cyber Security Law, network
           operators are required to collect and use personal information in compliance with the principles of legitimacy,
           properness and necessity, and strictly within the scope of authorization by the subject of personal information
           unless otherwise prescribed by laws or regulations. In the event of any unauthorized disclosure, damage or
           loss of collected personal information, network operators must take immediate remedial measures, notify the
           affected users and report the incidents to the relevant authorities in a timely manner. If any user knows that a
           network operator illegally collects and uses his or her personal information in violation of laws, regulations or any
           agreement with the user, or the collected and stored personal information is inaccurate or wrong, the user has
           the right to request the network operator to delete or correct the relevant collected personal information.


           The relevant telecommunications authorities are further authorized to order ICP operators to rectify unauthorized
           disclosure. ICP operators are subject to legal liability, including warnings, fines, confiscation of illegal gains,
           revocation of licenses or filings, closing of the relevant websites, administrative punishment, criminal liabilities,
           or civil liabilities, if they violate relevant provisions on internet privacy. Pursuant to the Ninth Amendment to
           the Criminal Law issued by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in August 2015 and
           becoming effective in November 2015, the standards of crime of infringing citizens’ personal information were
           amended accordingly and the criminal culpability of unlawful collection, transaction, and provision of personal
           information has been reinforced. In addition, any ICP provider that fails to fulfill the obligations related to
           information cybersecurity administration as required by applicable laws and refuses to rectify upon orders, will
           be subject to criminal liability for (i) dissemination of illegal information in large scale; (ii) severe effect due to
           the leakage of the client’s information; (iii) serious loss of evidence of criminal activities; or (iv) other severe
           situations, and any individual or entity that (x) sells or provides personal information to others unlawfully, or
           (y) steals or illegally obtains any personal information, will be subject to criminal liability in severe situations.
           In addition, the Interpretations of the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate of the




166   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




PRC on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in Handling Criminal Cases of Infringing Personal
Information, effective in June 2017, have clarified certain standards for the conviction and sentencing in relation
to personal information infringement. The PRC government has the power and authority to order ICP operators
to turn over personal information if an internet user posts any prohibited content or engages in illegal activities
on the internet. The Civil Code further provides in a stand-alone chapter of right of personality and reiterate that
the personal information of a natural person shall be protected by the law. Any organization or individual shall
legitimately obtain such personal information of others in due course on a need-to-know basis and ensure the
safety and privacy of such information, and refrain from excessively handling or using such information.


With respect to the security of information collected and used by mobile apps, pursuant to the Announcement
of Conducting Special Supervision against the Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information by Apps, which
was issued on January 23, 2019, app operators should collect and use personal information in compliance with
the Cyber Security Law and should be responsible for the security of personal information obtained from users
and take effective measures to strengthen the personal information protection. Furthermore, app operators
should not force their users to make authorization by means of bundling, suspending installation or in other
default forms and should not collect personal information in violation of laws, regulations or breach of user
agreements. Such regulatory requirements were emphasized by the Notice on the Special Rectification of
Apps Infringing upon User’s Personal Rights and Interests, which was issued by MIIT on October 31, 2019.
On November 28, 2019, the CAC, the MIIT, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR jointly issued the
Methods of Identifying Illegal Acts of Apps to Collect and Use Personal Information. This regulation further
illustrates certain commonly-seen illegal practices of apps operators in terms of personal information protection,
including “failure to publicize rules for collection and use,” “failure to expressly state the purpose, manner and
scope of collecting and using personal information,” “collection and use of personal information without consent
of users,” “collecting personal information irrelevant to the services provided by such app in violation of the
principle of necessity,” “provision of personal information to others without consent,” “failure to provide the
function of deleting or correcting personal information as required by laws” and “failure to publish information
such as methods for complaints and reporting.” Among others, any of the following acts of an app operator
will constitute “collection and use of personal information without consent of users”: (i) collecting an user’s
personal information or activating the permission for collecting any user’s personal information without obtaining
such user’s consent; (ii) collecting personal information or activating the permission for collecting the personal
information of any user who explicitly refuses such collection, or repeatedly seeking for user’s consent such
that the user’s normal use of such app is disturbed; (iii) any user’s personal information which has been actually
collected by the app operator or the permission for collecting any user’s personal information activated by
the app operator is beyond the scope of personal information which such user authorizes such app operator
to collect; (iv) seeking for any user’s consent in a non-explicit manner; (v) modifying any user’s settings for
activating the permission for collecting any personal information without such user’s consent; (vi) using users’
personal information and any algorithms to directionally push any information, without providing the option of
non-directed pushing such information; (vii) misleading users to permit collecting their personal information or
activating the permission for collecting such users’ personal information by improper methods such as fraud and
deception; (viii) failing to provide users with the means and methods to withdraw their permission of collecting
personal information; and (ix) collecting and using personal information in violation of the rules for collecting and
using personal information promulgated by such app operator.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         167
      Part I (Continued)




           On August 22, 2019, the CAC promulgated the Children Information Protection Provisions, which took effect
           on October 1, 2019, requiring that before collecting, using, transferring or disclosing the personal information of
           a child, the Internet service operator should inform the child’s guardians in a noticeable and clear manner and
           obtain their consents. Meanwhile, internet service operators should take measures like encryption when storing
           children’s personal information. On March 12, 2021, the CAC and three other authorities jointly issued the Rules
           on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications. The Rules
           specifies the scope of necessary personal information to be collected each for a variety of common mobile
           internet applications, such as maps and navigation apps, online ride-hailing apps, instant messaging apps, online
           community apps. Operators of such apps shall not refuse to provide basic services to users on the ground of
           users’ refusal to provide their personal non-essential information.


           In addition, on August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress adopted the
           Personal Information Protection Law which took effect on November 1, 2021. The Personal Information
           Protection Law requires, among others, that (i) the processing of personal information should have a clear and
           reasonable purpose which should be directly related to the processing purpose, in a method that has the least
           impact on personal rights and interests, and (ii) the collection of personal information should be limited to the
           minimum scope necessary to achieve the processing purpose to avoid the excessive collection of personal
           information. Different types of personal information and personal information processing will be subject to
           various rules on consent, transfer, and security. Entities handling personal information shall bear responsibilities
           for their personal information handling activities, and adopt necessary measures to safeguard the security of
           the personal information they handle. The entities failing to comply could be ordered to correct, or suspend or
           terminate the provision of services, and face confiscation of illegal income, fines or other penalties.


           Regulations Relating to Product Quality, Consumer Protection and Operation Safety
           The Product Quality Law applies to all production and sale activities in China. Pursuant to this law, products
           offered for sale must satisfy relevant quality and safety standards. Enterprises may not produce or sell
           counterfeit products in any fashion, including forging brand labels or giving false information regarding a
           product’s manufacturer. Violations of state or industrial standards for health and safety and any other related
           violations may result in civil liabilities and administrative penalties, such as compensation for damages, fines,
           suspension or shutdown of business, as well as confiscation of products illegally produced and sold and the
           proceeds from such sales. Severe violations may subject the responsible individual or enterprise to criminal
           liabilities. Where a defective product causes physical injury to a person or damage to another person’s property,
           the victim may claim compensation from the manufacturer or from the seller of the product. If the seller pays
           compensation and it is the manufacturer that should bear the liability, the seller has a right of recourse against
           the manufacturer. Similarly, if the manufacturer pays compensation and it is the seller that should bear the
           liability, the manufacturer has a right of recourse against the seller.


           The Consumer Protection Law sets out the obligations of business operators and the rights and interests of the
           consumers in China. Pursuant to this law, business operators must guarantee that the commodities they sell
           satisfy the requirements for personal or property safety, provide consumers with authentic information about
           the commodities, and guarantee the quality, function, usage and term of validity of the commodities. Failure to




168   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




comply with the Consumer Protection Law may subject business operators to civil liabilities such as refunding
purchase prices, replacement of commodities, repairing, ceasing damages, compensation, and restoring
reputation, and even subject the business operators or the responsible individuals to criminal penalties when
personal damages are involved or if the circumstances are severe. The Consumer Protection Law was further
amended in October 2013 and became effective in March 2014. The amended Consumer Protection Law further
strengthen the protection of consumers and impose more stringent requirements and obligations on business
operators, especially on the business operators through the internet. For example, the consumers are entitled
to return the goods (except for certain specific goods, such as custom-made goods, fresh and perishable
goods, digital products (e.g. audio-visual products, computer software downloaded online or unpacked by the
consumer), newspapers and periodicals delivered and other goods for which non-return of goods is confirmed by
the consumer at the time of purchase based on the characteristics of the goods,) within seven days upon receipt
without any reasons when they purchase the goods from business operators on the internet. The consumers
whose interests have been damaged due to their purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online
marketplace platforms may claim damages from sellers or service providers. Where the providers of the online
marketplace platforms are unable to provide the real names, addresses and valid contact details of the sellers
or service providers, the consumers may also claim damages from the providers of the online marketplace
platforms. Providers of online marketplace platforms that know or should have known that sellers or service
providers use their platforms to infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of consumers but fail to take
necessary measures must bear joint and several liabilities with the sellers or service providers. Moreover, if
business operators deceive consumers or knowingly sell substandard or defective products, they should not
only compensate consumers for their losses, but also pay additional damages equal to three times the price of
the goods or services.


We are subject to the Product Quality Law and the Consumer Protection Law as an online supplier of
commodities and a provider of online marketplace platform and believe that we are currently in compliance with
these regulations in all material aspects.


In addition, we are subject to PRC regulations relating to operation safety. According to the Work Safety Law,
which was effective on November 1, 2002 and most recently amended on June 10, 2021, the principal person-
in-charge of a production and operation entity shall be the primary person responsible for the work safety
of such entity, and the production and operation entities in emerging industries and fields such as platform
economy shall, based on the characteristics of their respective industries and fields, establish, improve and
implement a responsibility system for work safety of employees, as well as strengthen the education and
training on work safety for employees.


Regulations Relating to Pricing
In China, the prices of a very small number of products and services are guided or fixed by the government.
According to the Pricing Law, business operators must, as required by the government departments in charge
of pricing, mark the prices explicitly and indicate the name, origin of production, specifications, and other
related particulars clearly. Business operators may not sell products at a premium or charge any fees that are
not explicitly indicated. Business operators must not commit the specified unlawful pricing activities, such as




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        169
      Part I (Continued)




           colluding with others to manipulate the market price, using false or misleading prices to deceive consumers to
           transact, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators. Failure to comply with the Pricing
           Law may subject business operators to administrative sanctions such as warning, ceasing unlawful activities,
           compensation, confiscating illegal gains, fines. The business operators may be ordered to suspend business
           for rectification, or have their business licenses revoked if the circumstances are severe. We are subject to the
           Pricing Law as online retailer as well as business operator. We believe that our pricing activities are currently in
           compliance with the law in all material aspects.


           Regulations Relating to Mobile Telecommunications Resale Business
           In May 2013, the MIIT issued the Circular regarding the Pilot Work on Implementation of Mobile
           Telecommunications Resale Business and the Pilot Program on Mobile Telecommunications Resale Business,
           pursuant to which private capital is encouraged to invest in the mobile telecommunications resale business.
           The resale business refers to the business whereby a reseller purchases mobile telecommunications services
           (excluding mobile satellite telecommunications service) from a basic telecommunications service provider who
           owns a mobile network, repackages the services with its private brand and sells the services to end users.
           Under the circular and the pilot program, the mobile telecommunications resale is categorized as a Class II basic
           telecommunications business but managed by reference to the value-added telecommunications business. A
           mobile communications reseller does not build its own wireless network, core network, transmission network
           and other mobile telecommunications network infrastructures, but must build its customer service system
           and may build its own business management platform, and billing, business accounting and other business
           supporting systems as needed. The applicant for the mobile telecommunications resale business must be a
           private company of which the private capital must account for no less than 50% of the capital and the capital
           contributed by its largest shareholder must come from private capital. A mobile telecommunications reseller
           is required to enter into a commercial contract for mobile telecommunications resale business with a basic
           telecommunications service provider, specifying the resources for resale to mobile communications users,
           division of responsibilities for service quality assurance between both parties, as well as protection of users’
           rights and interests and user information. Resellers may pre-charge service fees for up to two years from users
           on the condition that they provide evidence of their measures to ensure long-term services, and must abide
           by the Telecommunications Regulations, the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services and
           other PRC related laws and regulations. In addition, the MIIT issued the Circular of the Ministry of Industry and
           Information Technology on the Official Commercial Use of Mobile Communication Resale Business, pursuant
           to which the mobile communication resale business will be transferred from the pilot to the formal commercial
           use, and the enterprise that has already approved to be a pilot to conduct the mobile telecommunications resale
           business, and intends to continue the business, the commercial contract shall be renewed in accordance with
           the provisions of this circular and shall apply for a renew its telecommunications business license. Jingdong
           360 has been approved to be a pilot to conduct the mobile telecommunications resale business, has renewed
           the telecommunications business license, and has cooperated with China Telecom in 60 cities and with China
           Unicom in 105 cities.




170   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Regulations Relating to Leasing
Pursuant to the Law on Administration of Urban Real Estate which took effect in January 1995 with the
latest amendment on August 26, 2019, which became effective on January 1, 2020, lessors and lessees are
required to enter into a written lease contract, containing such provisions as the term of the lease, the use of
the premises, rental price, liability for repair, and other rights and obligations of both parties. Both lessor and
lessee are also required to file for registration and record the lease contract with the real estate administration
department. Pursuant to implementing rules stipulated by certain provinces or cities, if the lessor and lessee fail
to go through the registration procedures, both lessor and lessee may be subject to fines.


According to the PRC Civil Code (which took effect on January 1, 2021), the lessee may sublease the leased
premises to a third party, subject to the consent of the lessor. Where the lessee subleases the premises, the
lease contract between the lessee and the lessor remains valid. The lessor is entitled to terminate the lease
contract if the lessee subleases the premises without the consent of the lessor. In addition, if the ownership of
the leased premises changes during the lessee’s possession in accordance with the terms of the lease contract,
the validity of the lease contract shall not be affected.


Pursuant to the PRC Civil Code, if the mortgaged property has been leased and transferred for occupation prior
to the establishment of the mortgage right, the original tenancy shall not be affected by such mortgage right.
According to the Interpretation of the Supreme People’s Court on Several Issues concerning the Application
of Law in the Trial of Cases about Disputes Over Lease Contracts on Urban Buildings (2020 version), which
took effect on January 1, 2021, if the ownership of the leased premises changes during lessee’s possession in
accordance with the terms of the lease contract, and the leasee requests the assignee to continue to perform
the original lease contract, the PRC court shall support it, except that the mortgage right has been established
before the lease of the leased premises and the ownership changes due to the mortgagee’s realization of the
mortgage right.


Regulations Relating to Advertising Business
The SAMR is the government agency responsible for regulating advertising activities in the PRC. According
to PRC laws and regulations, companies that engage in advertising activities must obtain a business license
from the SAMR or its local branches which specifically includes operating an advertising business within its
business scope. The business license of an advertising company is valid for the duration of its existence, unless
the license is suspended or revoked due to a violation of any relevant law or regulation. PRC advertising laws
and regulations set forth certain content requirements for advertisements in the PRC including, among other
things, prohibitions on false or misleading content, superlative wording, socially destabilizing content or content
involving obscenities, superstition, violence, discrimination or infringement of the public interest. Advertisers,
advertising agencies, and advertising distributors are required to ensure that the content of the advertisements
they prepare or distribute is true and in full compliance with applicable law. In providing advertising services,
advertising operators and advertising distributors must review the supporting documents provided by advertisers
for advertisements and verify that the content of the advertisements complies with applicable PRC laws and
regulations. Prior to distributing advertisements that are subject to government censorship and approval,
advertising distributors are obligated to verify that such censorship has been performed and approval has been
obtained. The release or delivery of advertisements through the internet must not impair the normal use of the


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        171
      Part I (Continued)




           network by users. The advertisements released in pop-up form on a webpage and other forms must show the
           close flag prominently and ensure one-click close. Violation of these regulations may result in penalties, including
           fines, confiscation of advertising income, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and orders to
           eliminate the effect of illegal advertisement. In circumstances involving serious violations, the SAMR or its local
           branches may revoke the violators’ licenses or permits for their advertising business operations.


           In July 2016, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce issued the Interim Measures for the
           Administration of Internet Advertising to regulate internet advertising activities. According to these measures,
           no advertisement of any medical treatment, medicines, food for special medical purpose, medical devices,
           pesticides, veterinary medicines, dietary supplement or other special commodities or services subject to
           examination by an advertising examination authority as stipulated by laws and regulations may be published
           unless the advertisement has passed such examination. In addition, no entity or individual may publish any
           advertisement of prescription drugs or tobacco on the internet. An internet advertisement must be identifiable
           and clearly identified as an “advertisement” to the consumers. Paid search advertisements are required to be
           clearly distinguished from natural search results. In addition, the following internet advertising activities are
           prohibited: providing or using any applications or hardware to intercept, filter, cover, fast forward or otherwise
           restrict any authorized advertisement of other persons; using network pathways, network equipment or
           applications to disrupt the normal data transmission of advertisements, alter or block authorized advertisements
           of other persons or load advertisements without authorization; or using fraudulent statistical data, transmission
           effect or matrices relating to online marketing performance to induce incorrect quotations, seek undue interests
           or harm the interests of others. Internet advertisement publishers are required to verify relevant supporting
           documents and check the content of the advertisement and are prohibited from publishing any advertisement
           with unverified content or without all the necessary qualifications. Internet information service providers that
           are not involved in internet advertising business activities but simply provide information services are required
           to block any attempt to publish an illegal advisement that they are aware of or should reasonably be aware of
           through their information services.


           Regulations Relating to Intellectual Property Rights
           The PRC has adopted comprehensive legislation governing intellectual property rights, including copyrights,
           patents, trademarks and domain names.


           Copyright. Copyright in the PRC is principally protected under the Copyright Law of the PRC and its
           implementation rules. Reproducing, distributing, performing, projecting, broadcasting or compiling a work or
           communicating the same to the public via an information network without permission from the owner of the
           copyright therein, unless otherwise provided in the Copyright Law of the PRC and related rules and regulations,
           shall constitute infringements of copyrights. The infringer shall, according to the circumstances of the case,
           undertake to cease the infringement, take remedial action, and offer an apology, pay damages, etc. In addition,
           the Regulations on the Protection of Rights to Information Network Communication promulgated by the State
           Council on May 18, 2006 (as amended in 2013), provides specific rules on fair use, statutory license, and a safe
           harbor for use of copyrights and copyright management technology and specifies the liabilities of various entities
           for violations, including copyright holders, libraries and internet service providers.




172   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




Patent. The Patent Law provides for three types of patents, “invention”, “utility model” and “design.”
Invention or utility models must meet three criteria to be patentable: novelty, inventiveness and practicability.
The National Intellectual Property Administration is responsible for examining and approving patent applications.
As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 6,300 patents granted in China, over 450 patents granted
outside China, approximately 18,500 patent applications pending in China and approximately 2,200 patent
applications pending outside China.


Trademark. The Trademark Law and its implementation rules protect registered trademarks. The PRC
Trademark Office of National Intellectual Property Administration is responsible for the registration and
administration of trademarks throughout the PRC. The Trademark Law has adopted a “first-to-file” principle
with respect to trademark registration. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 29,500 registered
trademarks in different applicable trademark categories in different jurisdictions, approximately 32,230 trademark
applications in China and over 6,700 outside China.


Domain Name. Domain names are protected under the Administrative Measures on the Internet Domain
Names promulgated by the MIIT. The MIIT is the major regulatory body responsible for the administration of the
PRC internet domain names, under supervision of which the CNNIC is responsible for the daily administration
of .cn domain names and Chinese domain names. CNNIC adopts the “first to file” principle with respect to the
registration of domain names. In November 2017, the MIIT promulgated the Notice of the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology on Regulating the Use of Domain Names in Providing Internet-based Information Services,
which became effective on January 1, 2018. Pursuant to the notice, the domain name used by an internet-based
information service provider in providing internet-based information services must be registered and owned by
such provider in accordance with the law. If the internet-based information service provider is an entity, the domain
name registrant must be the entity (or any of the entity’s shareholders), or the entity’s principal or senior manager.
We have registered jd.com, jdl.cn, jdhealth.com, 360buy.com, 360buy.cn, 360buy.com.cn and other domain
names.


Regulations Relating to Employment
The Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules provide requirements concerning employment contracts
between an employer and its employees. If an employer fails to enter into a written employment contract with
an employee within one year from the date on which the employment relationship is established, the employer
must rectify the situation by entering into a written employment contract with the employee and pay the
employee twice the employee’s salary for the period from the day following the lapse of one month from the
date of establishment of the employment relationship to the day prior to the execution of the written employment
contract. The Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules also require compensation to be paid upon certain
terminations, which significantly affects the cost of reducing workforce for employers. In addition, if an employer
intends to enforce a non-compete provision with an employee in an employment contract or non-competition
agreement, it has to compensate the employee on a monthly basis during the term of the restriction period after
the termination or ending of the labor contract. Employers in most cases are also required to provide a severance
payment to their employees after their employment relationships are terminated.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         173
      Part I (Continued)




           Enterprises in China are required by PRC laws and regulations to participate in certain employee benefit plans,
           including social insurance funds, namely a pension plan, a medical insurance plan, an unemployment insurance
           plan, a work-related injury insurance plan and a maternity insurance plan, and a housing provident fund, and
           contribute to the plans or funds in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses and
           allowances, of the employees as specified by the local government from time to time at locations where
           they operate their businesses or where they are located. According to the Social Insurance Law, an employer
           that fails to make social insurance contributions may be ordered to pay the required contributions within a
           stipulated deadline and be subject to a late fee. If the employer still fails to rectify the failure to make social
           insurance contributions within the stipulated deadline, it may be subject to a fine ranging from one to three
           times the amount overdue. According to the Regulations on Management of Housing Fund, an enterprise that
           fails to make housing fund contributions may be ordered to rectify the noncompliance and pay the required
           contributions within a stipulated deadline; otherwise, an application may be made to a local court for compulsory
           enforcement.


           Regulations Relating to Overseas Listing and M&A
           On August 8, 2006, six PRC governmental and regulatory agencies, including the Ministry of Commerce
           and the CSRC, jointly promulgated the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises
           by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Rules”), a new regulation with respect to the mergers and acquisitions of
           domestic enterprises by foreign investors that became effective on September 8, 2006 and revised on June 22,
           2009. Foreign investors shall comply with the M&A rules when they purchase equity interests of a domestic
           company or subscribe for the increased capital of a domestic company, and thus changing the nature of the
           domestic company into a foreign- invested enterprise; or when the foreign investors establish a foreign-invested
           enterprise in the PRC for the purpose of purchasing the assets of a domestic company and operating the asset;
           or when the foreign investors purchase the asset of a domestic company, establish a foreign-invested enterprise
           by injecting such assets, and operate the assets.


           On July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal
           Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the
           administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based
           companies and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory
           systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies.


           On February 17, 2023, the CSRC, as approved by the State Council, released the Trial Measures. According to the
           Trial Measures, domestic companies in the Chinese mainland that directly or indirectly offer or list their securities
           in an overseas market, are required to file with the CSRC. Specifically, the securities under the Trial Measures refer
           to stocks, depositary receipts, convertible corporate bonds, exchangeable bonds and other equity-linked securities
           to be issued and offered in overseas markets by domestic companies directly or indirectly, while a direct offering
           and listing refers to the overseas offering and listing of a joint-stock company incorporated in the Chinese mainland,
           and an indirect offering and listing refers to the overseas offering and listing of a domestic company which conducts
           its business operations primarily in the Chinese mainland, in the name of an offshore company and based on the
           underlying equities, assets, earnings or similar interests of the domestic company. In particular, the determination
           of an indirect offering and listing will be conducted on a “substance over form” basis, and an offering and listing


174   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




should be considered as an indirect overseas offering and listing by a domestic company if the issuer meets both
of the following conditions: (i) any of the revenue, profits, total assets or net assets of such domestic company
in the most recent financial year account for more than 50% of the corresponding data in the issuer’s audited
consolidated financial statements for the same period; and (ii) the majority of its business operations are conducted
in the Chinese mainland or its principal place of business is located in the Chinese mainland, or the majority
of senior management in charge of business operations are Chinese citizens or have domicile in the Chinese
mainland. According to the Trial Measures, an overseas offering and listing is prohibited under any of the following
circumstances: (i) if the intended securities offering and listing is specifically prohibited by the laws, administrative
regulations and relevant national provisions; (ii) if the intended securities offering and listing may constitute a threat
to or endangers national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council
in accordance with law; (iii) the domestic companies or their controlling shareholders or actual controllers have
committed corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property, or other criminal offenses disruptive to
the order of the socialist market economy in the past three years; (iv) the domestic companies are currently under
investigations in connection with suspicion of having committed criminal offenses or material violations of applicable
laws and regulations, and there is still no explicit conclusion; (v) there are material ownership disputes over the
shareholdings held by the controlling shareholder or the shareholder under the control of the controlling shareholder
or the actual controllers. According to the Trial Measures, the issuer or its affiliated domestic company, as the case
may be, is required to file with the CSRC (i) with respect to its initial public offering and listing and its subsequent
securities offering in an overseas market different from the market where it has listed, within three business days
after its submission of listing application documents to the relevant regulator in the place of intended listing, (ii) with
respect to its follow-on offering in the same overseas market where it has listed (including issuance of any corporate
convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and other equity-linked securities, but excluding the offering for employees
incentive, dividend distribution by shares and share split), within three business days after completion of such
follow-on offering, (iii) with respect to listing by means of single or multiple acquisitions, share swap, transfers of
shares and similar transactions, within three business days after its initial filing of the listing application or the first
public announcement of the transaction, as case may be. Failure to comply with the filing requirements may result
in an order of rectification, a warning and fines up to RMB10 million to the non-compliant domestic companies,
and the directly responsible persons of the companies will be warned and fined between RMB500,000 and
RMB5 million. Furthermore, if the controlling shareholder and the actual controller of the non-compliant companies
organizes or instigates the breach, they will be fined between RMB1 million and RMB10 million. In addition to above
filing requirements, the Filings Rules also requires an issuer to report to the CSRC within three business days after
occurrence of any the following events: (i) its change of control; (ii) its being subject to investigation or sanctions
by any overseas securities regulators or overseas authorities; (iii) its change of listing status or listing segment;
(iv) voluntary or mandatory delisting; and (v) material change of its principal business operations to the extent that it
ceases to be subject to the filing requirements of the Trial Measures.


Regulations Relating to Anti-Monopoly
The currently effective Anti-Monopoly Law was promulgated by Standing Committee of the National People’s
Congress in 2007 and most recently amended on June 24, 2022. Pursuant to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the
relevant operators of a concentration of undertakings which reaches the standard for declaration shall make
an advance declaration to the Anti-Monopoly Law enforcement authority under the State Council. The fines




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022          175
      Part I (Continued)




           for illegal concentration of business operators shall be “no more than ten percent of its preceding year’s sales
           revenue if the concentration of business operator has or may have an effect of excluding or limiting competition;
           or a fine of up to RMB5 million if the concentration of business operator does not have an effect of excluding or
           limiting competition.” Pursuant to the Anti-Monopoly Law, the relevant authority may require the operators to
           make a declaration where there is evidence that the concentration has or may have the effect of eliminating or
           restricting competition, even if such concentration does not reach the filing threshold.


           On February 7, 2021, the Anti-Monopoly Committee of the State Council promulgated the Anti-Monopoly
           Guidelines for the Internet Platform Economy Sector which stipulates that any concentration of undertakings
           involving variable interest entities shall fall within the scope of antimonopoly review. Furthermore, the
           Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet Platforms prohibits certain monopolistic acts of internet platforms so
           as to protect market competition and safeguard interests of users and undertakings participating in internet
           platform economy, including without limitation, prohibiting platforms with dominant position from abusing their
           market dominance (such as discriminating customers in terms of pricing and other transactional conditions
           using big data and analytics, coercing counterparties into exclusivity arrangements, using technology means to
           block competitors’ interface, favorable positioning in search results of goods displays, using bundle services
           to sell services or products, compulsory collection of unnecessary user data). On August 17, 2021, the SAMR
           issued the Provisions on Prohibition of Unfair Competition on the Internet (Draft for Comments), which
           prohibits business operators from using data, algorithms and other technical means to commit traffic hijacking,
           interference, malicious incompatibility and other improprieties to influence user choices or hinder or damage the
           normal operation of network products or services offered by other business operators.


           Regulations Relating to PRC Value Added Tax
           On March 23, 2016, the MOF and the STA jointly issued the Circular on the Pilot Program for Overall
           Implementation of the Collection of Value Added Tax Instead of Business Tax, or Circular 36, which took effect
           on May 1, 2016. Pursuant to the Circular 36, all of the companies operating in construction, real estate, finance,
           modern service or other sectors which were required to pay business tax are required to pay VAT, in lieu of
           business tax. The VAT rate is 6%, except for rate of 11% for real estate sale, land use right transferring and
           providing service of transportation, postal sector, basic telecommunications, construction, real estate lease; rate
           of 17% for providing lease service of tangible property; and rate of zero for specific cross-bond activities.


           On April 4, 2018, MOF and STA jointly promulgated the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the STA on
           Adjustment of Value-Added Tax Rates, or Circular 32, according to which, (i) for VAT taxable sales or importation
           of goods originally subject to value-added tax rates of 17% and 11% respectively, such tax rates shall be
           adjusted to 16% and 10%, respectively; (ii) for purchase of agricultural products originally subject to deduction
           rate of 11%, such deduction rate shall be adjusted to 10%; (iii) for purchase of agricultural products for the
           purpose of production and sales or consigned processing of goods subject to tax rate of 16%, the input VAT will
           be calculated at a 12% deduction rate; (iv) for exported goods originally subject to tax rate of 17% and export tax
           refund rate of 17%, the export tax refund rate shall be adjusted to 16%; and (v) for exported goods and cross-
           border taxable acts originally subject to tax rate of 11% and export tax refund rate of 11%, the export tax refund
           rate shall be adjusted to 10%. Circular 32 became effective on May 1, 2018 and shall supersede any previously
           existing provisions in the case of any inconsistency.


176   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Further, On March 20, 2019, the MOF, the STA and the General Administration of Customs jointly issued the
Announcement on Policies for Deepening the VAT Reform, or Announcement 39, to further slash value-added
tax rates. According to the Announcement 39, (i) for general VAT payers’ sales activities or imports that are
subject to VAT at an existing applicable rate of 16% or 10%, the applicable VAT rate is adjusted to 13% or 9%
respectively; (ii) for the agricultural products purchased by taxpayers to which an existing 10% deduction rate
is applicable, the deduction rate is adjusted to 9%; (iii) for the agricultural products purchased by taxpayers for
production or commissioned processing, which are subject to VAT at 13%, the input VAT will be calculated at
a 10% deduction rate; (iv) for the exportation of goods or labor services that are subject to VAT at 16%, with
the applicable export refund at the same rate, the export refund rate is adjusted to 13%; (v) for the exportation
of goods or cross-border taxable activities that are subject to VAT at 10%, with the export refund at the same
rate, the export refund rate is adjusted to 9%; and (vi) for taxpayers providing production and living services,
the deductible input VAT amount for the current period shall be added additional 10% based on the actual input
VAT amount. The Announcement 39 came into effect on April 1, 2019 and shall be prevail in case of any conflict
with existing provisions. On September 30, 2019, the MOF and the SAT jointly issued the Announcement
on Clarifying the VAT Additional Deduction Policy for the Living Services, or Announcement 87, pursuant to
which, from October 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021, the taxpayers engaging in providing living services are
allowed to deduct additional 15% of the deductible input VAT amount for the current period from the payable
tax. For aforementioned taxpayers providing production and living services relating to Announcement 39 and
Announcement 87, the input VAT additional deduction policies is further extended to December 31, 2022
according to the relevant regulations.


Regulations Relating to Dividend Withholding Tax
Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, if a non-resident enterprise has not set
up an organization or establishment in the PRC, or has set up an organization or establishment but the income
derived has no actual connection with such organization or establishment, it will be subject to a withholding tax
on its PRC-sourced income at a rate of 10%. Pursuant to the Arrangement between the Chinese mainland and
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income,
the withholding tax rate in respect to the payment of dividends by a PRC enterprise to a Hong Kong enterprise is
reduced to 5% from a standard rate of 10% if the Hong Kong enterprise directly holds at least 25% of the PRC
enterprise. Pursuant to the Notice of the State Taxation Administration on the Issues concerning the Application
of the Dividend Clauses of Tax Agreements, or Circular 81, if the relevant PRC tax authorities determine, in
their discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or arrangement
that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. Furthermore, the
Administrative Measures for Non-Resident Taxpayer to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties, or STA Circular
60, which became effective in November 2015, require that non-resident enterprises which satisfy the criteria
for entitlement to tax treaty benefits may, at the time of tax declaration or withholding declaration through a
withholding agent, enjoy the tax treaty benefits, and be subject to ongoing administration by the tax authorities.
In the case where the non-resident enterprises do not apply to the withholding agent to claim the tax treaty
benefits, or the materials and the information stated in the relevant reports and statements provided to the
withholding agent do not satisfy the criteria for entitlement to tax treaty benefits, the withholding agent should
withhold tax pursuant to the provisions of the PRC tax laws. The STA issued the Announcement of State
Taxation Administration on Promulgation of the Administrative Measures on Non-resident Taxpayers Enjoying


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        177
      Part I (Continued)




           Treaty Benefits (“STA Circular 35”) on October 14, 2019, which became effective on January 1, 2020. The
           STA Circular 35 further simplified the procedures for enjoying treaty benefits and replaced the STA Circular
           60. According to the STA Circular 35, no approvals from the tax authorities are required for a non-resident
           taxpayer to enjoy treaty benefits, where a non-resident taxpayer self-assesses and concludes that it satisfies
           the criteria for claiming treaty benefits, it may enjoy treaty benefits at the time of tax declaration or at the time
           of withholding through the withholding agent, but it shall gather and retain the relevant materials as required
           for future inspection, and accept follow-up administration by the tax authorities. There are also other conditions
           for enjoying the reduced withholding tax rate according to other relevant tax rules and regulations. According
           to the Circular on Several Issues regarding the “Beneficial Owner” in Tax Treaties, or Circular 9, which was
           issued on February 3, 2018 by the STA, effective as of April 1, 2018, when determining the applicant’s status
           of the “beneficial owner” regarding tax treatments in connection with dividends, interests or royalties in the tax
           treaties, several factors, including without limitation, whether the applicant is obligated to pay more than 50%
           of its income in twelve months to residents in third country or region, whether the business operated by the
           applicant constitutes the actual business activities, and whether the counterparty country or region to the tax
           treaties does not levy any tax or grant tax exemption on relevant incomes or levy tax at an extremely low rate,
           will be taken into account, and it will be analyzed according to the actual circumstances of the specific cases.
           This circular further provides that applicants who intend to prove his or her status of the “beneficial owner” shall
           submit the relevant documents to the relevant tax bureau according to the Administrative Measures for Non-
           Resident Enterprises to Enjoy Treatments under Tax Treaties. Accordingly, JD.com International Limited may be
           able to enjoy the 5% withholding tax rate for the dividends it received from Jingdong Century, if it satisfies the
           conditions prescribed under Circular 81 and other relevant tax rules and regulations, and obtain the approvals
           as required. However, if the relevant tax authorities consider the transactions or arrangements we have are for
           the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the relevant tax authorities may adjust the favorable
           withholding tax in the future.


           Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange
           The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration
           Regulations, most recently amended in August 2008. Under the PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of
           current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
           can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural
           requirements. By contrast, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required
           where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as
           the repayment of foreign currency-denominated loans.


           In August 2008, SAFE issued the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of
           the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises,
           or SAFE Circular 142, regulating the conversion by a foreign-invested enterprise of foreign currency-registered
           capital into RMB by restricting how the converted RMB may be used. SAFE Circular 142 provides that the
           RMB capital converted from foreign currency registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise may only be
           used for purposes within the business scope approved by the applicable government authority and may not
           be used for equity investments within the PRC. SAFE also strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of
           the RMB capital converted from foreign currency registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises. The use of


178   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




such RMB capital may not be changed without SAFE’s approval, and such RMB capital may not in any case
be used to repay RMB loans if the proceeds of such loans have not been used. In March 2015, SAFE issued
the Circular on Reforming the Management Approach regarding the Settlement of Foreign Capital of Foreign-
invested Enterprise, or the SAFE Circular 19, which took effect and replaced SAFE Circular 142 from June 1,
2015. According to Circular 19, the foreign exchange capital of foreign-invested enterprises shall be subject to
the Discretionary Foreign Exchange Settlement, which means that the foreign exchange capital in the capital
account of a foreign-invested enterprise for which the rights and interests of monetary contribution have been
confirmed by the local foreign exchange bureau (or the book-entry registration of monetary contribution by the
banks) can be settled at the banks based on the actual operational needs of the foreign-invested enterprise,
and if a foreign-invested enterprise needs to make further payment from such account, it still needs to provide
supporting documents and proceed with the review process with the banks. Furthermore, Circular 19 stipulates
that the use of capital by foreign-invested enterprises shall follow the principles of authenticity and self-use
within the business scope of enterprises. The capital of a foreign-invested enterprise and capital in Renminbi
obtained by the foreign-invested enterprise from foreign exchange settlement shall not be used for the following
purposes: (i) directly or indirectly used for payments beyond the business scope of the enterprises or payments
as prohibited by relevant laws and regulations; (ii) directly or indirectly used for investment in securities unless
otherwise provided by the relevant laws and regulations; (iii) directly or indirectly used for granting entrust
loans in Renminbi (unless permitted by the scope of business), repaying inter-enterprise borrowings (including
advances by the third-party) or repaying the bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to third parties;
or (iv) directly or indirectly used for expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use
(except for the foreign-invested real estate enterprises). In November 2012, SAFE promulgated the Circular
of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment
which substantially amends and simplifies the current foreign exchange procedure. Pursuant to this circular,
the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange accounts (e.g. pre-establishment expenses account,
foreign exchange capital account, guarantee account), the reinvestment of lawful incomes derived by foreign
investors in the PRC (e.g. profit, proceeds of equity transfer, capital reduction, liquidation and early repatriation
of investment), and purchase and remittance of foreign exchange as a result of capital reduction, liquidation,
early repatriation or share transfer in a foreign-invested enterprise no longer require SAFE approval, and multiple
capital accounts for the same entity may be opened in different provinces, which was not possible before.
In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Printing and Distributing the Provisions on Foreign Exchange
Administration over Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign Investors and the Supporting Documents in May
2013, which specifies that the administration by SAFE or its local branches over direct investment by foreign
investors in the PRC shall be conducted by way of registration and banks shall process foreign exchange
business relating to the direct investment in the PRC based on the registration information provided by SAFE
and its branches.


In February 2015, SAFE promulgated The Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange
Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment, or the SAFE Circular 13, which took effect on June 1,
2015 and was amended on December 30, 2019, cancels the administrative approvals of foreign exchange
registration of direct domestic investment and direct overseas investment and simplifies the procedure of
foreign exchange-related registration. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 13, investors should register with banks for
direct domestic investment and direct overseas investment.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         179
      Part I (Continued)




           The Circular on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital
           Account, or the Circular 16, was promulgated by SAFE on June 9, 2016. Pursuant to Circular 16, enterprises
           registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency to Renminbi on a self-
           discretionary basis. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that Renminbi converted from foreign currency-denominated
           capital of a company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope or prohibited by
           PRC Laws, while such converted Renminbi shall not be provided as loans to its non-affiliated entities.


           In October 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Notice for Further Advancing the Facilitation of Cross-border Trade
           and Investment, or the SAFE Circular 28, which, among other things, allows all FIEs to use Renminbi converted
           from foreign currency denominated capital for equity investments in China, as long as the equity investment
           is genuine, does not violate applicable laws, and complies with the negative list on foreign investment. The
           Circular Regarding Further Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the Stabilization of Foreign
           Trade and Foreign Investment jointly promulgated by the PBOC, the NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, the
           State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the China Banking
           and Insurance Regulatory Commission and SAFE on December 31, 2020 and effective on February 4, 2021
           allows the non-investment foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic reinvestment with RMB capital in
           accordance with the law on the premise that they comply with prevailing regulations and the invested projects
           in China are authentic and compliant. In addition, if a foreign-invested enterprise uses RMB income under capital
           accounts to conduct domestic reinvestment, the invested enterprise is not required to open a special deposit
           account for RMB capital.


           According to the Circular of the State Administration for Foreign Exchange on Optimizing Foreign Exchange
           Administration to Support the Development of Foreign-related Business, or the SAFE Circular 8 promulgated and
           effective on April 10, 2020 by the SAFE, the reform of facilitating the payments of incomes under the capital
           accounts shall be promoted nationwide. Under the prerequisite of ensuring true and compliant use of funds and
           compliance and complying with the prevailing administrative provisions on use of income from capital projects,
           enterprises which satisfy the criteria are allowed to use income under the capital account, such as capital funds,
           foreign debt and overseas listing, etc., for domestic payment, without the need to provide proof materials for
           veracity to the bank beforehand for each transaction.




180   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




C.   Organizational Structure
     The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the
     consolidated variable interest entities as of February 28, 2023:


                                                                                    JD.com, Inc.
                                                                               (”JD”) (Cayman Islands)

                                               100%
                              Jingdong Technology Group Corporation
                                         (Cayman Islands)
                                                                                        100%              100%

                                    100%                          63%                                                                100%                     100%                        100%             100%
                                                                                   Jingdong          JD.com
                                                                                 E-Commerce       E-Commerce                                             JD.com                    JD Jiankang     JD Industrial
                                 JD Property                                                                                    JD.com
                                                        JD Logistics, Inc.    (Trade) Hong Kong   (Technology)                                         Investment                    Limited        Technology
                               Holding Limited                                                                               International
                                                        (Cayman Islands)            Co., Ltd.      Hong Kong                                            Limited(5)                    (British         Limited
                               (Cayman Islands)                                                                                 Limited
                                                                                 (Hong Kong)        Co., Ltd.                                         (British Virgin                  Virgin      (British Virgin
                                                                                                                             (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                  (Hong Kong)                                            Islands)                    Islands)         Islands)


           100%                      77%                  100%                                    100%                                       100%                                          68%             78%
                                                                                                                                            JD Sunflower
                                                         JD Logistics                                JD.com                              Investment Limited
          JD Assets               JINGDONG                                                                                                                                           JD Health
                      (1)                               Holding Limited                             Overseas                                (British Virgin                                         JINGDONG
       Holding Limited           Property, Inc.                                                                                                                                    International
                                                         (Hong Kong)                               Innovation                                  Islands)                                             Industrials,
       (Cayman Islands)        (Cayman Islands)                                                                                                                                          Inc.
                                                                                                     Limited                                                                                       Inc. (Cayman
                                                                                                                                                                                     (Cayman
                                                                                                  (Hong Kong)                                                                                        Islands)(5)
                                                                                                                                                                                      Islands)
                                    100%
                                       JD Asia
                                    Development                                                                                              51%                            100%
                                      Limited(2)
                                    (British Virgin                                                                                     Dada Nexus Limited      2%        Windcreek Limited
                                       Islands)                                                                                          (Cayman Islands)               (British Virgin Islands)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Offshore

                  100%                                     100%                  100%                                                                                                                   Onshore
                                                                                                                 100%         100%
                                                                                  Shanghai               Jiangsu Huiji      Beijing Jingdong
                                                        Xi’an Jingxundi         Shengdayuan
             Jingdong Logistics                                                                              Space           Century Trade
                                                         Supply Chain                                                                                       Beijing Jingdong 360
                Supply Chain                                                     Information             Technology             Co., Ltd(4)
                                                      Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                  Degree E-Commerce
                  Co., Ltd.                                                      Technology                 Co., Ltd.         (“Jingdong
                                                      (”Xi’an Jingxundi”)                                                                                Co., Ltd. (”Jingdong 360”)(3)
                                                                                   Co., Ltd.                                    Century”)
                                                                                 (”Shanghai
                                                                               Shengdayuan”)
                                                                                         100%
                                                                                                                              100%
                                                         Xi’an Jingdong            Suqian
                                                      Xincheng Information        Hanbang                                 • Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                       Technology Co., Ltd.      Investment            Suqian Juhe          Information
                                                         (”Xi’an Jingdong       Management           Digital Enterprise     Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                           Xincheng”)(3)           Co., Ltd.       Management Co., Ltd.   • Beijing Jingdong
                                                                                                    (“Suqian Juhe”)(3)      Shangke Information
                            100%                          100%
                                                                                                                            Technology Co., Ltd.
                        Beijing Jingdong                Beijing Jingbangda                                                • Chongqing Jingdong
                       Qianshi Technology                 Trade Co., Ltd.                                                   Haijia E-Commerce
                             Co., Ltd.                   (”Jingbangda”)                                                     Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Jiangsu Jingdong
                                                                                                   Bangneng Investment    • Beijing Wodong Tianjun
                                                                                                   Management Co., Ltd.     Information Technology
                                                                                                    (”Jiangsu Jingdong      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Bangneng”)(3)




                                                                                                     Jiangsu Yuanzhou
                                                                                                     E-Commerce Co.,
                                                                                                       Ltd. (”Jiangsu
                                                                                                        Yuanzhou”)(3)
                  Equity interest

                  Contractual arrangements




     Notes:

     (1)      JD Assets Holding Limited has 59 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, non-logistics properties.

     (2)      JD Asia Development Limited has 418 subsidiaries holding, directly or indirectly, logistics properties.

     (3)      Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and Suqian Juhe are the significant consolidated
              variable interest entities which we have contractual arrangements with. Suqian Juhe is 45% owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu,
              30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
              and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng is 45% owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang.
              Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is our chairman of board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief
              executive officer of JD Technology, a significant investee of our company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.



                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022                    181
      Part I (Continued)




           (4)   Jingdong Century has 259 subsidiaries that engage in retail business.

           (5)   JD.com Investment Limited has 75 subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, the companies invested by us.

           (6)   JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. completed its Series B Preference Shares financing in March 2023, upon which we held approximately 78%
                 of the issued and outstanding shares of JINGDONG Industrials, Inc.

           *     The diagram above omits our equity investees that are insignificant individually and in the aggregate.


           The Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
           Foreign ownership of certain of our businesses including value-added telecommunication services is subject
           to restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations. For example, foreign investors are not allowed to
           own more than 50% of the equity interests in a value-added telecommunication service provider (excluding
           e-commerce, domestic multi-party communications, data collection and transmission services and call centers)
           and the main foreign investor in the foreign invested telecommunication enterprise must have experience in
           providing value-added telecommunications services overseas and maintain a good track record.


           JD.com, Inc. is a Cayman Islands exempted company and its PRC subsidiaries are considered foreign-invested
           enterprises. Accordingly, none of these PRC subsidiaries is eligible to provide value-added telecommunication
           services or provide certain other restricted services related to our businesses, such as domestic document
           delivery services. As a result, we conduct or will conduct such business activities through the consolidated
           variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in PRC, including Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng and its subsidiary Jingbangda, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and Suqian Juhe. Jingdong 360 holds
           our ICP license as an internet information provider and primarily engages in our online marketplace business.
           Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng primarily provides courier services through Jingbangda and its subsidiaries. Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou primarily engages in the business of selling books, audio and video products. Jiangsu Jingdong
           Bangneng primarily engages in business of investment management. Suqian Juhe primarily provides enterprise
           management services.


           Each of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng is 45%
           owned by Mr. Qin Miao, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li, and 25% owned by Ms. Pang Zhang. Suqian Juhe
           is 45% owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, 30% owned by Ms. Yayun Li, and 25% owned by Ms. Pang
           Zhang. In September 2022, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, who used to be a shareholder of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng at the time, entered into equity transfer
           agreements and transferred 45% of the equity interests in these variable interest entities to Mr. Qin Miao.
           Therefore, Mr. Qin Miao, Ms. Yayun Li and Ms. Pang Zhang have become the shareholders of these variable
           interest entities. Due to the change of one of the shareholders, we terminated prior contractual arrangements
           with Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, and entered
           into a new series of contractual arrangements having terms and conditions substantially the same as the prior
           contractual arraignments with these variable interest entities. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is our chairman of
           board of directors, Mr. Qin Miao is a vice president of our company, Ms. Yayun Li is chief executive officer of
           JD Technology, a significant investee of our company, and Ms. Pang Zhang is our chief human resources officer.
           Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, Mr. Miao, Ms. Li and Ms. Zhang are PRC citizens.




182   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




We obtained control over Jingdong 360 through Jingdong Century in April 2007 by entering into a series of
contractual arrangements with Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360, which we refer to as
the Jingdong 360 Agreements. The Jingdong 360 Agreements were subsequently amended and restated. In
September 2022, due to a change in the shareholders of Jingdong 360, a new set of contractual arrangements were
entered into among Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360. We have been the
primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360 since April 2007. We treat Jingdong 360 as the variable interest entity and have
consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

We obtained control over Jiangsu Yuanzhou through Jingdong Century by commitments among the then
shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Century at the time Jiangsu Yuanzhou was established. Jingdong
Century entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Jiangsu Yuanzhou and its shareholders in April 2011,
which we refer to as the Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements. The Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements were subsequently
amended and restated. In September 2022, due to a change in the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou, a new set of
contractual arrangements were entered into among shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou, and Shanghai Shengdayuan.
We have been the primary beneficiary of Jiangsu Yuanzhou since September 2010. We treat Jiangsu Yuanzhou
as the variable interest entity and have consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP.

We obtained control over Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng through Xi’an Jingxundi in June 2017 by entering into a series
of contractual arrangements with Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.
On January 25, 2021, these contractual arrangements were updated and replaced by a new set of contractual
arrangements with Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng to comply with
certain requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, which we refer to as the Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
Agreements. In September 2022, due to a change in the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, a new
set of contractual arrangements were entered into among Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the
shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng. We have been the primary beneficiary of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
since June 2017. We treat Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng as the variable interest entity and have consolidated its
financial results in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

We obtained control over Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng initially through Jingdong Century by entering into a
series of contractual arrangements with Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong
Bangneng, which we refer to as the Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements. In September 2022, due to a
change in the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, a new set of contractual arrangements were entered
into among Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong
Bangneng. We have been the primary beneficiary of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and treat Jiangsu Jingdong
Bangneng as the variable interest entity and have consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022         183
      Part I (Continued)




           We obtained control over Suqian Juhe through Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. by entering into a series
           of contractual arrangements with Suqian Juhe and the shareholders of Suqian Juhe, which we refer to as the
           Suqian Juhe Agreements. We have been the primary beneficiary of Suqian Juhe and treat Suqian Juhe as the
           variable interest entity and have consolidated its financial results in our consolidated financial statements in
           accordance with U.S. GAAP.


           In addition to the significant consolidated variable interest entities above, we assisted in establishing additional
           consolidated variable interest entities, such as Suqian Jingdong Tianning. We have entered into a series of
           contractual arrangements with each of these variable interest entities and their respective shareholders.


           The contractual arrangements relating to the consolidated variable interest entities allow us to:


           •     receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the consolidated variable interest entities; and


           •     have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the consolidated variable interest
                 entities when and to the extent permitted by PRC law.


           There are certain risks involved in our corporate structure and the contractual arrangements. A detailed
           discussion of material risks relating to our Contractual Arrangements is set forth in the section headed “Key
           Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.” We have determined that the costs of
           insurance for the risks associated with our corporate structure and the difficulties associated with acquiring such
           insurance on commercially reasonable terms make it impractical for us to have such insurance. Accordingly,
           as of December 31, 2022, we did not purchase any insurance to cover the risks relating to the contractual
           arrangements.


           We have consolidated the financial results of the consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in our
           consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The external revenues of the consolidated variable
           interest entities and their subsidiaries collectively contributed 5.0%, 6.2% and 6.9% of our consolidated total net
           revenues for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


           In the opinion of Shihui Partners, our PRC legal counsel:


           •     the ownership structures of the consolidated variable interest entities and the PRC subsidiaries that have
                 entered into contractual arrangements with the variable interest entities, including Jingdong Century, will
                 not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect; and


           •     the contractual arrangements among the PRC subsidiaries, including Jingdong Century, the variable
                 interest entities and their respective shareholders governed by PRC law are valid, binding and enforceable,
                 and will not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect.




184   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




However, we have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel that there are substantial uncertainties
regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules. Accordingly,
the PRC regulatory authorities may in the future take a view that is contrary to the above opinion of our PRC
legal counsel. We have been further advised by our PRC counsel that if the PRC government finds that the
agreements that establish the structure for operating our online retail and marketplace business do not comply
with PRC government restrictions on foreign investment in e-commerce and related businesses, including but
not limited to online retail and marketplace businesses, we could be subject to severe penalties including being
prohibited from continuing operations. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate
Structure — If the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the
consolidated variable interest entities structure do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws
and regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be
forced to relinquish our interests in those operations.”


Contractual Arrangements with the Significant Consolidated Variable Interest Entities
The Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Agreements, Jiangsu
Jingdong Bangneng Agreements and Suqian Juhe Agreements are substantially similar in key aspects governing
the contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity. The following is a summary of these agreements
currently in effect.


Agreements that Provide Us with Control
Equity Pledge Agreements
On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360
entered into an equity pledge agreement, pursuant to which each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 has
pledged all of his equity interest in Jingdong 360 to guarantee their and Jingdong 360’s performance of
his obligations under, where applicable, the exclusive technology consulting and services agreement, loan
agreement, exclusive purchase option agreement and power of attorney. If Jingdong 360 or the shareholders
of Jingdong 360 breach their contractual obligations under these agreements, Jingdong Century, as pledgee,
will have the right to dispose of the pledged equity interests. The shareholders of Jingdong 360 agree that,
during the term of the equity pledge agreements, they will not dispose of the pledged equity interests or
create or allow any encumbrance on the pledged equity interests, and they also agree that Jingdong Century’s
rights relating to the equity pledge should not be prejudiced by the legal actions of the shareholders, their
successors or their designates. During the term of the equity pledge agreements, Jingdong Century has the
right to receive all of the dividends and profits distributed on the pledged equity. The equity pledge agreements
will terminate on the second anniversary of the date when Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360
have completed all their obligations under the exclusive technology consulting and services agreement, loan
agreement, exclusive purchase option agreement and powers of attorney.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and each of the shareholders of Jiangsu
Yuanzhou entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the amended
and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        185
      Part I (Continued)




           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and each of the shareholders of
           Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar
           to the amended and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


           On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd., Suqian Juhe and each of the shareholders of
           Suqian Juhe entered into an equity pledge agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the
           amended and restated equity pledge agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.


           On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng entered into a share pledge agreement, pursuant to which the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng will pledge as first charge all of their respective equity interests in Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng to Xi’an
           Jingxundi as collateral security for any or all of their payments due to Xi’an Jingxundi and to secure performance
           of their obligations under the exclusive business cooperation agreement, the exclusive option agreement, the
           loan agreement, the shareholders’ rights entrustment agreement and the powers of attorney.

           We have completed the registration of the equity pledge for substantially all the consolidated variable interest
           entities with the relevant office of the administration for market regulation.

           Powers of Attorney
           On September 16, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 granted an irrevocable power of attorney to
           replace the irrevocable powers of attorney previously executed. Pursuant to the irrevocable power of attorney,
           each of the shareholders of Jingdong 360 appointed Jingdong Century’s designated person as his attorney-
           in-fact to exercise all shareholder rights, including but not limited to voting on their behalf on all matters of
           Jingdong 360 requiring shareholder approval, disposing of all or part of the shareholder’s equity interest in
           Jingdong 360, and electing, appointing or removing directors and executive officers. The person designated
           by Jingdong Century is entitled to dispose of dividends and profits on the equity interest subject to the
           instructions of the shareholder. Each power of attorney will remain in force for so long as the shareholder
           remains a shareholder of Jingdong 360. Each shareholder has waived all the rights which have been authorized
           to Jingdong Century’s designated person under each power of attorney.

           On September 30, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou granted an irrevocable power of attorney
           in replacement of the irrevocable powers of attorney previously executed. The powers of attorney contain terms
           substantially similar to the powers of attorney granted by the shareholders of Jingdong 360 described above.

           On September 30, 2022, each of the shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng granted an irrevocable power
           of attorney to Shanghai Shengdayuan which contains terms substantially similar to the powers of attorney
           granted by the shareholders of Jingdong 360 described above.




186   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




On June 22, 2020, each of the shareholders of Suqian Juhe granted an irrevocable power of attorney to Jiangsu
Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd., which contains terms substantially similar to the powers of attorney granted
by the shareholders of Jingdong 360 described above.

On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
Xincheng entered into a shareholder’s rights entrustment agreement, and each of the shareholders of Xi’an
Jingdong Xincheng executed the irrevocable power of attorney on the same date, pursuant to which the
shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng appointed Xi’an Jingxundi or a director of its offshore holding company
or his or her successor (including a liquidator replacing Xi’an Jingxundi’s director) as their exclusive agent and
attorney to act on their behalf on all matters concerning Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and to exercise all of its rights
as a registered shareholder of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng. As a result of the shareholders’ rights entrustment
agreement and the powers of attorney, we, through Xi’an Jingxundi, are able to exercise management control
over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.

Agreements that Allow Us to Receive Economic Benefits
Exclusive Technology Consulting and Service Agreement/Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century and Jingdong 360 entered into an exclusive technology consulting
and services agreement, which supersedes the version entered into in June 2016. Pursuant to the 2022
agreement, Jingdong Century has the sole and exclusive right to provide specified technology consulting and
services to Jingdong 360. Without the prior written consent of Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 may not accept
the same or similar technology consulting and services provided by any third party during the term of the
agreement. All the benefits and interests generated from the agreement, including but not limited to intellectual
property rights, know-how and trade secrets, will be Jingdong Century’s sole and exclusive rights. Jingdong
360 agrees to pay service fees to Jingdong Century on a quarterly basis and the amount of the service fee is
decided by Jingdong Century on the basis of the work performed and commercial value of the services, subject
to annual evaluation and adjustment. The agreement is valid for ten years and may be extended unilaterally
by Jingdong Century with Jingdong Century’s written confirmation prior to the expiration date. Jingdong 360
cannot terminate the agreement early unless Jingdong Century commits fraud, gross negligence or illegal acts,
or becomes bankrupt or winds up.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Yuanzhou entered into an exclusive technology
consulting and services agreement, which supersedes the version entered into in June 2016. The 2022
agreement between Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Yuanzhou contains terms substantially similar to the
exclusive technology consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan and Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng entered into an exclusive
technology consulting and services agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the exclusive
technology consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        187
      Part I (Continued)




           On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. and Suqian Juhe entered into an exclusive
           technology consulting and services agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the exclusive
           technology consulting and services agreement relating to Jingdong 360 as described above.


           On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi and Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng entered into an exclusive business
           cooperation agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng agrees to engage Xi’an Jingxundi as its
           exclusive provider of business support, technical and consulting services in exchange for service fees. Under
           these arrangements, the service fees, subject to Xi’an Jingxundi’s adjustment, are equal to all of the net profit
           of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and its subsidiaries. Xi’an Jingxundi enjoys all the economic benefits derived from
           the businesses of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and bears the relevant portion of the business risks of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng. If Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng runs into financial deficit or suffers severe operation difficulties, Xi’an
           Jingxundi will provide financial support to Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.


           Business Operations Agreement
           On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century entered into a business operations agreement with Jingdong
           360 and its shareholders. Pursuant to the business operations agreement, Jingdong 360’s shareholders
           must appoint the candidates nominated by Jingdong Century to be the directors on its board of directors in
           accordance with applicable laws and the articles of association of Jingdong 360, and must cause the persons
           recommended by Jingdong Century to be appointed as its general manager, chief financial officer and other
           senior executives. Jingdong 360 and its shareholders also agree to accept and strictly follow the guidance
           provided by Jingdong Century from time to time relating to employment, termination of employment, daily
           operations and financial management. Moreover, Jingdong 360 and its shareholders agree that Jingdong 360
           will not engage in any transactions that could materially affect its assets, business, personnel, liabilities, rights
           or operations, including but not limited to the incurrence of debt from any third party and the amendment of
           Jingdong 360’s articles of association, without the prior consent of Jingdong Century’s respective designees.
           Unless otherwise terminated early by Jingdong Century, the agreement will remain effective until Jingdong
           360 is dissolved according to the PRC law.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan entered into a business operations agreement with Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Jiangsu Yuanzhou contains terms
           substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong 360 described
           above.


           On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan entered into a business operations agreement with Jiangsu
           Jingdong Bangneng and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng
           contains terms substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong
           360 described above.




188   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a business operations agreement
with Suqian Juhe and its shareholders. The business operations agreement with Suqian Juhe contains terms
substantially similar to the amended and restated business operations agreement with Jingdong 360 described
above.


Agreements that Provide Us with the Option to Purchase the Equity Interest
Exclusive Purchase Option Agreements
On September 16, 2022, Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 and the shareholders of Jingdong 360 entered
into an amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement in replacement of the previous exclusive
purchase option agreements. Pursuant to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement,
the shareholders of Jingdong 360 irrevocably grant Jingdong Century an exclusive option to purchase or have
its designated persons to purchase at its discretion, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all or part of their
equity interests in Jingdong 360. In addition, the purchase price should equal the amount that the shareholders
contributed to Jingdong 360 as registered capital for the equity interest to be purchased, or be the lowest price
permitted by applicable PRC law. Without the prior written consent of Jingdong Century, Jingdong 360 may
not amend its articles of associate, increase or decrease the registered capital, sell or otherwise dispose of its
assets or beneficial interest, create or allow any encumbrance on its assets or other beneficial interests, provide
any loans for any third parties, enter into any material contract (except those contracts entered into in the
ordinary course of business), merge with or acquire any other persons or make any investments, or distribute
dividends to the shareholders. The shareholders of Jingdong 360 agree that, without the prior written consent
of Jingdong Century, they will not dispose of their equity interests in Jingdong 360 or create or allow any
encumbrance on the equity interests. The initial term of the amended and restated exclusive purchase option
agreement is 10 years and can be renewed for an additional 10 years on the same terms at Jingdong Century’s
option, for an unlimited number of times.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou
entered into an amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement in replacement of the previous
exclusive purchase option agreement. The amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement contains
terms substantially similar to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to
Jingdong 360 described above.


On September 30, 2022, Shanghai Shengdayuan Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the shareholders of Jiangsu
Jingdong Bangneng entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, which contains terms substantially
similar to the amended and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described
above.


On June 22, 2020, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd., Suqian Juhe and the shareholders of Suqian Juhe
entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, which contains terms substantially similar to the amended
and restated exclusive purchase option agreement relating to Jingdong 360 described above.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        189
      Part I (Continued)




           On September 16, 2022, Xi’an Jingxundi, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong
           Xincheng entered into an exclusive purchase option agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Jingxundi (or JD
           Logistics or any subsidiary of JD Logistics, the “designee”) is granted an irrevocable and exclusive right to
           purchase all of the equity interest in and/or assets of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng for a nominal price, unless the
           relevant government authorities or the PRC laws request that another amount be used as the purchase price,
           in which case the purchase price shall be the lowest amount under such request. Subject to relevant PRC laws
           and regulations, the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng and/or Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng shall return any
           amount of purchase price they have received to Xi’an Jingxundi or its designee.


           Loan Agreements
           Pursuant to an amended and restated loan agreement dated September 16, 2022 between Jingdong Century
           and the shareholders of Jingdong 360, Jingdong Century made loans to the shareholders of Jingdong 360 for
           the capitalization of Jingdong 360 and the purchase of equity interest of Jingdong 360. Pursuant to the amended
           and restated loan agreement, the shareholders can only repay the loans by the sale of all their equity interest
           in Jingdong 360 to Jingdong Century or its designated person. The shareholders must sell all of their equity
           interests in Jingdong 360 to Jingdong Century or its designated person and pay all of the proceeds from sale of
           such equity interests or the maximum amount permitted under PRC law to Jingdong Century. In the event that
           shareholders sell their equity interests to Jingdong Century or its designated person with a price equivalent to
           or less than the amount of the principal, the loans will be interest free. If the price is higher than the amount of
           the principal, the excess amount will be paid to Jingdong Century as the loan interest. The maturity date of the
           loans is on the tenth anniversary of the date when the shareholders received the loans and paid the amount as
           capital contribution to Jingdong 360. The term of the loans will be extended automatically for an additional 10
           years, unless Jingdong Century objects, for an unlimited number of times. The loan must be repaid immediately
           under certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) if the shareholders terminate their services with us, (ii)
           if any other third-party claims against shareholders for an amount more than RMB100,000 and Jingdong Century
           has reasonable ground to believe that the shareholders are unable to repay the claimed amount, (iii) if a foreign
           investor is permitted to hold majority or 100% equity interest in Jingdong 360 and Jingdong Century elects to
           exercise its exclusive equity purchase option, or (iv) if the loan agreement, relevant equity pledge agreement or
           exclusive purchase option agreement terminates for cause not attributable to Jingdong Century or is deemed to
           be invalid by a court.


           Pursuant to the amended and restated loan agreement dated September 30, 2022 between Shanghai Shengdayuan
           and the shareholders of Jiangsu Yuanzhou, Shanghai Shengdayuan made loans to the shareholders of Jiangsu
           Yuanzhou for the capitalization of Jiangsu Yuanzhou and the purchase of equity interest of Jiangsu Yuanzhou.




190   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




     Pursuant to the loan agreement dated September 30, 2022 between Shanghai Shengdayuan and the
     shareholders of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng, Jingdong Century made loans to the shareholders of Jiangsu
     Jingdong Bangneng for the capitalization of Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng and the purchase of equity interest of
     Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng.


     Pursuant to the loan agreement dated June 22, 2020 between Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. and the
     shareholders of Suqian Juhe, Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd. made loans to the shareholders of Suqian
     Juhe solely for the capitalization of Suqian Juhe.


     Pursuant to the loan agreement, dated September 16, 2022, between Xi’an Jingxundi and the shareholders of
     Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Xi’an Jingxundi made loans to the shareholders of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng solely for
     the capitalization of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng.


     Additional Contractual Arrangements
     In addition to the Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng
     Agreements, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements and Suqian Juhe Agreements, we have also entered into
     contractual arrangements with each of the other variable interest entities, including but not limited to Suqian
     Jingdong Tianning, and their respective shareholders, including equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney,
     exclusive technology consulting and services agreements, business operations agreements, exclusive purchase
     option agreements and loan agreements, as applicable. Our contractual agreements with these other variable
     interest entities contain terms substantially similar to those in the Jingdong 360 Agreements, Jiangsu Yuanzhou
     Agreements, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Agreements, Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Agreements or Suqian Juhe
     Agreements, as applicable.


D.   Property, Plant and Equipment
     Our national headquarters are located in Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone in Beijing,
     where we own office buildings with an aggregate floor area of approximately 900,000 square meters. We have
     acquired land use rights in Beijing to build our headquarters.


     In addition, we lease our other offices in Beijing and regional offices in 86 other cities in China with an aggregate
     floor area of approximately 519,000 square meters.

     We own our national customer service center and our data center in Suqian, which have an aggregate floor area
     of approximately 169,000 and 54,000 square meters, respectively. We built our own customer service center in
     Chengdu, with an aggregate floor area of about 50,000 square meters, and lease our customer service centers
     in Datong, Wuhan and Yangzhou with an aggregate floor area of approximately 63,000 square meters.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022         191
      Part I (Continued)




           As of December 31, 2022, we had land use rights in 67 cities in China to build our own warehouses. Highly
           automated and efficient warehouses will not only expand our ability to fulfill orders by ourselves but also
           support the third-party merchants on our online marketplace as well as a wide range of business partners in
           the ecosystem. As of December 31, 2022, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure covered almost all counties
           and districts across China, with a network of over 1,500 warehouses with an aggregate gross floor area of
           over 30 million square meters. We incurred total lease cost of RMB6,805 million, RMB9,545 million and
           RMB11,132 million (US$1,614 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022 respectively.

           We plan to expand our nationwide fulfillment network by leasing, building or purchasing additional facilities
           across China over the next several years. As of December 31, 2022, we had incurred construction in progress
           costs of RMB11,161 million (US$1,618 million) for these fulfillment facilities and new office buildings.

      Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
      The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon, and should be read in
      conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this annual report.

      This report contains forward-looking statements. See “Forward-Looking Information.” In evaluating our business,
      you should carefully consider the information provided under the caption “Key Information — Risk Factors” in this
      annual report.

      We caution you that our businesses and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.

      A.   Operating Results
           Overview
           We are a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. Our e-commerce business includes online
           retail and online marketplace. In the online retail business, we acquire products from suppliers and sell them
           directly to our customers primarily through our mobile apps and websites. In the online marketplace business,
           third-party merchants sell products to customers primarily through our mobile apps and websites. We also offer
           marketing, logistics and other value-added services.


           Our business has grown substantially in recent years. We generated total net revenues of RMB745.8 billion,
           RMB951.6 billion and RMB1,046.2 billion (US$151.7 billion) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our online
           retail business generated net product revenues of RMB651.9 billion, RMB815.7 billion and RMB865.1 billion
           (US$125.4 billion) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. In addition, our marketplace and marketing, logistics
           and other services generated net service revenues of RMB93.9 billion, RMB135.9 billion and RMB181.2 billion
           (US$26.3 billion) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


           Due to the PRC legal restrictions on foreign ownership of companies that engage in a value-added
           telecommunications service business and certain other businesses in China, we conduct the relevant parts of
           our operations through consolidated variable interest entities. We have contractual arrangements with these
           entities and their shareholders that enable us to effectively control and receive substantially all of the economic
           benefits from the entities. Accordingly, we consolidate the results of these entities in our financial statements.



192   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                              Part I (Continued)




Major Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by the general factors driving China’s retail
industry, including levels of per capita disposable income and consumer spending in China. In addition, they
are also affected by factors driving online retail in China, such as the growing number of online shoppers, the
adoption of online sales strategies by manufacturers and service providers, the availability of improved delivery
services and the increasing variety of payment options. Our results of operations are also affected by general
economic conditions in China. In particular, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience upward
pressure on our operating expenses.


Our results of operations are also affected by PRC regulations and industry policies related to our business
operations, licenses and permits and corporate structure. For example, the product quality and consumer
protection laws require us to ensure the quality of the goods we sell and give customers the right to return goods
within seven days of receipt with no questions asked, the labor contract law and related rules require employers
to enter into written contracts with workers and to pay compensation to workers who are terminated under
certain circumstances, regulations on foreign ownership and on transfer of funds into and out of China affect our
corporate structure and financing, and regulations on business licenses affect our legal and compliance functions.
For a summary of the principal PRC laws and regulations that affect us, see “Key Information — Risk Factors”
and “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation.” Although we have generally benefited
from the Chinese government’s policies to encourage economic growth, we are also affected by the complexity,
uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations governing various aspects of our operations. For a detailed description
of the PRC regulations applicable to us, see “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation.”


In terms of PRC regulations that may affect our results of operations, the amendments to the Consumer
Protection Law that came into effect in March 2014 give consumers the right to return goods within seven
days of receipt. Although we recognize revenues net of return allowances, the amendments to the Consumer
Protection Law have not had a significant impact on our net revenues. We have adopted shipping policies that
do not necessarily pass the full cost of shipping on to our customers. We also have adopted customer-friendly
return and exchange policies that make it convenient and easy for customers to change their minds after
completing purchases. However, if we experience an increased volume of returns after the amendments to the
Consumer Protection Law became effective, our shipping and handling costs and related personnel costs may
increase significantly and our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


JD.com, Inc., the holding company that is listed on Nasdaq and Hong Kong Stock Exchange, has no material
operations of its own. We conduct our operations primarily through our subsidiaries and the consolidated
variable interest entities and their subsidiaries in China. As a result, JD.com, Inc.’s ability to pay dividends to our
shareholders depends in part upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries subject to compliance with applicable
PRC regulations. Our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their
retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC
regulations, each of our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits
each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50% of its registered




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022         193
      Part I (Continued)




           capital. Remittance of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned company out of China is subject to examination by the
           banks designated by SAFE. As of December 31, 2022, the amount restricted, including paid-in capital and statutory
           reserve funds, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations, was approximately
           RMB58.2 billion (US$8.4 billion).


           While our business is influenced by general factors affecting our industry, our operating results are more directly
           affected by company specific factors, including the following major factors:


           • our ability to increase active customer accounts and customer purchases;


           • our ability to manage our mix of product and service offerings;


           • our ability to further increase and leverage our scale of business;


           • our ability to effectively invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform; and


           • our ability to conduct and manage strategic investments and acquisitions.


           Our Ability to Increase Customer Purchases
           Growth in customer purchases is a key driver of our revenue growth. We have a growing and loyal active customer
           base. Over the years, our customers have shown loyalty to us through their increased activity levels. Customer
           purchases are mainly driven by our success in attracting new active customer accounts, as well as by our success
           in generating repeat purchases from existing customer accounts.


           Our ability to attract new customer accounts and retain existing customer accounts depends on our ability
           to provide superior customer experience. To this end, we offer a wide selection of authentic products at
           competitive prices on our mobile apps and websites and provide speedy and reliable delivery, convenient
           online and in-person payment options and comprehensive customer services. The number of products we
           offer has grown rapidly. We have developed a business intelligence system that enables us to increase our
           operating efficiency through enhanced product merchandising and supply chain management capabilities, and
           to drive more targeted and relevant product promotions and recommendations to our customers. We have
           benefited from word-of-mouth viral marketing in winning new customers, and we also conduct online and
           offline marketing and brand promotion activities to attract new customers. In addition, we encourage existing
           customers to place more orders with us through a variety of means, including granting coupons and loyalty
           points and holding special promotions.


           Our Ability to Manage Our Mix of Product and Service Offerings
           Our results of operations are also affected by the mix of products and services we offer. We commenced our
           e-commerce business by primarily selling electronics and home appliances products. We began offering general
           merchandise products around the end of 2008, and we launched our online marketplace in 2010. We earn
           commissions and service fees from third-party merchants on our online marketplace. We offer a wide range of




194   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




products and services and aim to provide one-stop shopping solutions to maximize our wallet share. Our mix
of products and services also affects our gross margin. For example, the marketplace service revenues that we
earn from third-party merchants and the other services that we offer generally have higher gross margins. The
split between our online retail business and our online marketplace business thus has a major influence on our
revenue growth and our gross margins. Our marketplace and marketing revenues, logistics and other services
revenues increased from RMB93.9 billion in 2020 to RMB135.9 billion in 2021, and further to RMB181.2 billion
(US$26.3 billion) in 2022.


We intend to further (i) expand our selection of general merchandise products, such as FMCG (fast-moving
consumer goods), which are well received by customers and expected to have a potential for greater online
penetration; (ii) attract more third-party merchants to our online marketplace; and (iii) provide more fulfillment
and other value-added services to third-party merchants and others.


Our Ability to Further Increase and Leverage our Scale of Business
Our results of operations are directly affected by our ability to further increase and leverage our scale of
business. As our business further grows in scale, we expect to obtain more favorable terms from suppliers,
including pricing terms and volume-based rebates. In addition, we aim to create value for our suppliers
by providing an effective channel for selling large volumes of their products online and by offering them
comprehensive information on customer preferences and market demand and ensuring the high quality of
fulfillment services. We believe this value proposition also helps us obtain favorable terms from suppliers.


As of December 31, 2022, our nationwide fulfillment infrastructure employed a total of 362,171 warehouse
and delivery personnel that manages this fulfillment infrastructure and the large number of orders we receive,
process and fulfill each year. Our fulfillment expenses in absolute amount increased over 2020, 2021 and 2022,
while the fulfillment expenses as a percentage of our total net revenues decreased from 6.5% in 2020 to 6.0%
in 2022. Our research and development professionals design, develop and operate the technology platform,
develop and post content, and improve our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services. Personnel costs
are the largest component of our fulfillment costs and of our research and development costs and are likely to
remain the largest component for the foreseeable future as we continue to expand our operations. We expect
our fulfillment expenses to increase in absolute amount in the near future. Labor costs are rising in China and
we strive to continue improving efficiency and utilization of our fulfillment and other personnel to mitigate this
effect. Our fulfillment expenses and thus operational efficiency are also affected by the average size of orders
placed by our customers.


Our Ability to Effectively Invest in Our Fulfillment Infrastructure and Technology Platform
Our results of operations depend in part on our ability to invest in our fulfillment infrastructure and technology
platform to cost-effectively meet the demands of our anticipated growth. Our nationwide fulfillment
infrastructure covers almost all counties and districts across China, which, as of December 31, 2022, included a
warehousing network of over 1,500 warehouses that are operated by us, and an aggregate gross floor area of
over 30 million square meters, including warehouse space managed under the JD Logistics Open Warehouse
Platform. We have owned and managed approximately 23 million square meters of fulfillment infrastructure
related land in 78 cities in both domestic and overseas markets as of December 31, 2022.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        195
      Part I (Continued)




           We plan to continue to build large scale warehouse facilities with optimized configurations on these sites to
           improve our fulfillment efficiency, minimize order splitting, accommodate greater product selection and fulfill the
           anticipated sales of our own products as well as sales by third-party merchants using our fulfillment services.
           In selecting locations for our pickup and delivery stations, order density, a parameter we use to measure the
           frequency and number of orders generated from a geographical area, is an important criterion. To efficiently
           deploy our delivery network, we have established delivery stations and pickup stations in areas where we
           expect order density to increase to the extent where operating our own delivery network will be more cost
           efficient than using third-party couriers. We also paid significant amounts for upgrading our technology platform
           during the same periods. To enhance our technology platform, we intend to further invest in AI, big data
           analytics and cloud computing. We expect these technology initiatives to provide innovative features, solutions
           and services to customers and suppliers, while increasing our operational efficiency.


           Our Ability to Conduct and Manage Strategic Investments and Acquisitions
           We have made, and may continue to make, strategic investments and acquisitions to add assets or businesses
           that are complementary to our existing business. Our financial results could be adversely affected by our
           investments or acquisitions. The investments and acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial
           results we expect. They could result in occurrence of significant investments and goodwill impairment charges,
           and amortization expenses for other intangible assets. Moreover, we share the results of the investments which
           we account for as equity method investments. In 2022, our share of results of equity investees was a loss
           of RMB2.2 billion (US$0.3 billion), primarily consisting of non-cash impairments in equity investees. We may
           continue to incur impairment charges in connection with our investments or acquisitions and pick up the losses
           of our equity method investments, which could depress our profitability and have a material adverse impact on
           our financial results.


           Impact of COVID-19 on Our Operations
           The majority of our net revenues are derived from online retail sales in China. Our results of operations and
           financial condition have been, and could continue to be affected by the spread of COVID-19. The extent to which
           COVID-19 impacts our results of operations will depend on the future developments of the outbreak, including
           new information concerning the global severity of and actions taken to contain the outbreak, which are highly
           uncertain and unpredictable. In addition, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent that
           the outbreak harms the Chinese economy in general.




196   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




The COVID-19 resulted in temporary closure of many corporate offices, retail stores, manufacturing facilities
and factories across China. We took a series of measures in response to the outbreak, including, among others,
remote working arrangements for some of our employees. These measures could reduce the capacity and
efficiency of our operations and negatively impact the procurement of products, which in turn could negatively
affect our results of operations. The spread of COVID-19 caused us to incur incremental costs, in particular,
relating to our logistics business. In addition, we saw a decrease in demand for big-ticket items, durable goods
and discretionary products. Furthermore, to mitigate any negative impacts that COVID-19 may have on the
operations of our suppliers, we have implemented a variety of measures to support our suppliers, including
adopting a shorter payable cycle and increasing advance payments to suppliers. In order to protect our employee
health, we provided additional COVID-related insurance coverage to our frontline staff.


As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments
totaled RMB226.2 billion (US$32.8 billion). We believe this level of liquidity is sufficient to successfully navigate
an extended period of uncertainty. See also “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We face risks
related to natural disasters, health epidemics and other outbreaks, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, which
could significantly disrupt our operations.”


Selected Statements of Operations Items
Net Revenues
Net revenues include net product revenues and net service revenues. Product sales is further divided into sales
of electronics and home appliances products and sales of general merchandise products. Net revenues from
electronics and home appliances products include revenues from sales of computer, communication and consumer
electronics products as well as home appliances. Net revenues from general merchandise products mainly include
revenues from sales of food, beverage and fresh produce, baby and maternity products, furniture and household
goods, cosmetics and other personal care items, pharmaceutical and healthcare products, industrial products,
books, automobile accessories, apparel and footwear, bags and jewelry. Net service revenues are further divided




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         197
      Part I (Continued)




           into revenues from online marketplace and marketing and revenues from logistics and other services. The following
           table breaks down our total net revenues by these categories, by amounts and as percentages of total net
           revenues:


                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,
                                               2020                      2021                             2022
                                            RMB            %          RMB             %          RMB          US$            %
                                                                 (in millions, except for percentages)

           Electronics and home
             appliances revenues         400,927         53.8      492,592          51.8      515,945      74,805          49.3
           General merchandise
             revenues                    250,952         33.6      323,063          33.9      349,117      50,617          33.4

           Net product revenues          651,879         87.4      815,655          85.7      865,062     125,422          82.7

           Marketplace and marketing
             revenues                     53,473           7.2      72,118           7.6       81,970      11,885           7.8
           Logistics and other service
             revenues                     40,450           5.4      63,819           6.7       99,204      14,383           9.5

           Net service revenues           93,923         12.6      135,937          14.3      181,174      26,268          17.3

           Total net revenues            745,802        100.0      951,592         100.0    1,046,236     151,690         100.0


           As we have been continually expanding our product categories and value-added service offerings, sales of
           electronics and home appliances products may decrease as a percentage of our total net revenues, and service
           revenues may increase as a percentage of our total net revenues.


           Net service revenues primarily consist of fees earned from providing marketing and logistics services to our business
           partners, and commissions earned from third-party merchants for sales made through our online marketplace.
           Currently, we recognize revenues from the third-party merchants on a net basis as we are not the primary obligor, we
           do not have control over goods sold by third-party merchants and we do not have latitude to establish prices for them.


           We record revenue net of discounts, return allowances and value-added taxes, or VAT.


           Cost of revenues
           Cost of revenues primarily consists of our cost for acquiring the products that we sell directly and the related
           inbound shipping charges, inventory write-downs, traffic acquisition costs related to online marketing services,
           and cost related to logistics services provided to third parties. The rebates and subsidies we receive from
           suppliers are treated as a reduction in the purchase price and will be recorded as a reduction in cost of revenues
           when the product is sold.



198   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




Fulfillment expenses
Our fulfillment expenses consist primarily of (i) expenses incurred in operating our fulfillment centers, customer
service centers and physical stores, including personnel cost and expenses attributable to buying, receiving,
inspecting and warehousing inventories, picking, packaging, and preparing customer orders for shipment,
processing payment and related transaction costs, (ii) expenses charged by third-party couriers for dispatching
and delivering our products, (iii) lease expenses of warehouses, delivery and pickup stations, and physical
stores, and (iv) depreciation and amortization of logistics and electronic equipment. The costs related to logistics
services provided to third parties are classified in cost of revenues. We expect our fulfillment expenses to
increase in absolute amount on an annual basis in the near run, as we invest in new businesses, build and lease
new warehouses and establish more delivery stations to penetrate lower tier cities and to meet our anticipated
growth in sales volume and ensure satisfactory customer experience. We plan to increase operation efficiency by
strengthening our logistics network, improving overall utilization through economies of scale, increasing the level of
integration across our logistics networks, and improving efficiencies through more intelligent decision-making.


Marketing expenses
Our marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs, public relations expenditures, and payroll
and related expenses for employees involved in marketing and business development activities. We pay
commissions to participants in the associates program when their customer referrals result in successful
product sales. We plan to continue to conduct brand promotion and marketing activities to enhance our brand
recognition and attract new purchases from new and existing customers.


Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for research and
development professionals involved in designing, developing and maintaining our technology platform, and
application of our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services, and technology infrastructure costs.
Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment depreciation, bandwidth and data center
costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support our internal and external business. We plan to
continue to invest in technology and innovation to enhance customer experience and provide value-added
services to suppliers and third-party merchants.


General and administrative expenses
Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee related expenses for general corporate
functions, including accounting, finance, tax, legal and human relations; costs associated with these functions
include facilities and equipment depreciation expenses, rental and other general corporate related expenses. We
plan to continue to hire additional qualified employees to support our business operations and planned expansion.


Gain on sale of development properties
The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to property
funds. JD Property develops and manages our logistics facilities and other real estate properties, to support
JD Logistics and other third parties. By leveraging its fund management platform, JD Property can realize
development profits and recycle capital from development properties to fund new developments and scale




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         199
      Part I (Continued)




           the business. Since 2019, JD Property established several property funds (the “Property Funds”) together
           with third parties, including but not limited to GIC Private Limited (“GIC”) and Mubadala Investment Company
           (“MIC”). JD Property served as general partner and committed less than 50% of the total capital of each
           property fund as a limited partner, and cannot control the investment committee. JD Property also entered into
           definitive agreements with the Property Funds, pursuant to which JD Property sold certain of our completed
           and uncompleted modern logistics facilities, and would concurrently lease back such facilities for operational
           purposes when completed. For the logistics facilities that met closing conditions, we recorded disposal gain of
           RMB1.6 billion, RMB0.8 billion and RMB1.4 billion (US$0.2 billion) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We
           derecognized the logistics facilities upon satisfaction of the hand-over condition.


           Share of results of equity investees
           Share of the post-acquisition profits or losses, impairment, and gains or losses from disposals and deemed
           disposals of the equity investments that are accounted for under the equity method are recorded in share of
           results of equity investees.


           Others, net
           Others, net are non-operating income/(loss), primarily consist of gains/(losses) from fair value change of
           long-term investments, gains/(losses) from business and investment disposals, impairment of investments,
           government incentives, interest income and foreign exchange gains/(losses).


           Taxation
           Cayman Islands
           The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains
           or appreciation, and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There are no other taxes
           likely to be material to us levied by the government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may
           be applicable on instruments executed in, or after execution, brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman
           Islands. The Cayman Islands is not party to any double tax treaties that are applicable to any payments made to
           or by our company. There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions in the Cayman Islands.


           Payments of dividends and capital in respect of the shares will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands
           and no withholding will be required on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of the Shares, nor will
           gains derived from the disposal of the shares be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax.


           Hong Kong
           Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to a two-tiered income tax rate for taxable income
           generated from operations in Hong Kong, effective on April 1, 2018. The first HK$2 million of profits earned
           by our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate (i.e., 8.25%) while the
           remaining profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate. Under the Hong Kong tax laws, we are
           exempted from the Hong Kong income tax on our foreign-derived income. In addition, payments of dividends
           from our incorporations in Hong Kong to us are not subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.




200   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




Chinese Mainland
Generally, our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in the Chinese mainland are subject
to enterprise income tax on their taxable income in the Chinese mainland at a rate of 25%, except that a few
entities in our group benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% as they conduct business in certain encouraged
sectors or areas, and any entity that qualifies as a “software enterprise” is entitled to an exemption from
income tax for the first two years and 50% reduction for the next three years from such entity’s first profitable
year. Besides, from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022, subject to certain criteria, the portion of annual
taxable income amount of a small profit enterprise which does not exceed RMB1 million shall be computed at a
reduced rate of 12.5% as taxable income amount, and be subject to enterprise income tax at 20% tax rate; from
January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024, subject to certain criteria, the portion of annual taxable income amount
of a small profit enterprise which exceeds RMB1 million but does not exceed RMB3 million shall be computed
at a reduced rate of 25% as taxable income amount, and be subject to enterprise income tax at 20% tax rate.
Furthermore, our certain entities in the Chinese mainland engaging in research and development activities in
the Chinese mainland were entitled to claim 150% of their research and development expenses so incurred as
tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profits for that year of 2016 and 2017, and to claim
175% of their research and development expenses as Super Deduction for the year of 2018, 2019 and 2020
(“Super Deduction”) according to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, which was announced in March
2021 to be further extended to December 31, 2023. In September 2022, the STA of the PRC announced that for
the enterprises entitled to the current weighted pre-tax deduction ratio of 75% for research and development
expenses, such ratio was raised to 100% during the period from October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. The
enterprise income tax is calculated based on the entity’s global income as determined under PRC tax laws and
accounting standards.


We are subject to VAT at a rate of 13% prior to July 1, 2017, 11% from July 1, 2017 to April 30, 2018 and 10%
from May 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019, and 9% since April 1, 2019 on sales of books, audio and video products,
at a rate of 17% prior to May 1, 2018, 16% from May 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019 and 13% from April 1, 2019
on sales of other products, at a rate of 6% or 11%/10%/9% (11% prior to May 1, 2018, 10% from May 1, 2018
to March 31, 2019, and 9% since April 1, 2019) on logistics services and at a rate of 6% on advertising and
other services, in each case less any deductible VAT we have already paid or borne. Since January 1, 2014,
we have been exempted from VAT on sales of books. We are also subject to surcharges on VAT payments in
accordance with PRC law. VAT has been phased in since January 1, 2012, to replace the business tax, and has
been implemented in all industries since May 1, 2016.


Dividends paid by our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland to our intermediary holding
companies in Hong Kong will be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10%, unless the relevant Hong Kong
entity satisfies all the requirements under the Arrangement between the PRC and the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to
Taxes on Income and Capital and other regulations including Circular 9, and receives approval from the relevant
tax authority. If the relevant Hong Kong entity satisfies all the requirements under the tax arrangement and
receives approval from the relevant tax authority, then the dividends paid to the Hong Kong entity would be
subject to withholding tax at the standard rate of 5%. Effective from November 1, 2015, the above mentioned




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        201
      Part I (Continued)




           approval requirement has been abolished, but a Hong Kong entity is still required to file application package
           with the relevant tax authority, and settle the overdue taxes if the preferential 5% tax rate is denied based
           on the subsequent review of the application package by the relevant tax authority. See “Key Information —
           Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — We may rely on dividends and other distributions
           on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any
           limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect
           on our ability to conduct our business.”


           If our holding company in the Cayman Islands or any of our subsidiaries outside of the Chinese mainland
           were deemed to be a “resident enterprise” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, it would be subject to
           enterprise income tax on its worldwide income at a rate of 25%. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks
           Related to Doing Business in China — If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax
           purposes, such classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders
           or ADS holders.”


           Results of Operations
           The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations in absolute amount and as a percentage
           of our total net revenues for the periods indicated.


           Period-to-period comparisons of historical results of operations should not be relied upon as indicative of future
           performance.




202   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,
                                   2020                    2021                              2022
                                RMB          %          RMB             %          RMB           US$        %
                                                   (in millions, except for percentages)

Net revenues
Net product revenues         651,879       87.4      815,655          85.7      865,062      125,422      82.7
Net service revenues          93,923       12.6      135,937          14.3      181,174       26,268      17.3

Total net revenues           745,802      100.0      951,592         100.0     1,046,236     151,690     100.0
Cost of revenues             (636,694)    (85.4)    (822,526)        (86.4)     (899,163)    (130,366)   (85.9)
Fulfillment                   (48,700)     (6.5)      (59,055)         (6.2)     (63,011)      (9,136)    (6.0)
Marketing                     (27,156)     (3.6)      (38,743)         (4.1)     (37,772)      (5,476)    (3.6)
Research and development      (16,149)     (2.2)      (16,332)         (1.7)     (16,893)      (2,449)    (1.6)
General and administrative     (6,409)     (0.9)      (11,562)         (1.2)     (11,053)      (1,603)    (1.1)
Gain on sale of
  development properties        1,649       0.2          767           0.1         1,379         200       0.1

Income from operations        12,343        1.6        4,141           0.4       19,723         2,860      1.9

Other income/(expense)
Share of results of equity
  investees                     4,291       0.6        (4,918)         (0.5)      (2,195)        (318)    (0.2)
Interest expense               (1,125)     (0.2)       (1,213)         (0.1)      (2,106)        (305)    (0.2)
Others, net                   35,310        4.8          (590)         (0.1)      (1,555)        (225)    (0.1)

Income/(loss) before tax      50,819        6.8        (2,580)         (0.3)     13,867         2,012      1.4
Income tax expenses            (1,482)     (0.2)       (1,887)         (0.2)      (4,176)        (605)    (0.4)

Net income/(loss)             49,337        6.6        (4,467)         (0.5)       9,691        1,407      1.0


Segment Information
Beginning with the first quarter of 2021, we implemented certain segment reporting changes to better reflect
our optimized organizational structure and business developments. As a result, we reported three segments,
JD Retail, JD Logistics and New Businesses in 2021. JD Cloud & AI businesses were deconsolidated from
us since March 31, 2021, thus the operating results of JD Cloud & AI businesses have not included in New
Businesses segment since the second quarter of 2021. We have consolidated Dada since February 28, 2022
and reported the results of Dada as a new standalone segment. We have also consolidated CNLP through JD
Property since March 1, 2022 and reported the results of CNLP in the New Businesses segment. In addition, we
have consolidated Deppon since July 26, 2022 and reported the results of Deppon in the JD Logistics segment.
As a result, we currently report four segments, namely JD Retail, JD Logistics, Dada and New businesses.
JD Retail, including JD Health and JD Industrials, among other components, mainly engage in online retail,


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022    203
      Part I (Continued)




           online marketplace and marketing services in China. JD Logistics includes both internal and external logistics
           businesses. Dada is a local on-demand delivery and retail platform in China. New businesses mainly include JD
           Property, Jingxi, overseas businesses and technology initiatives.

           The table below provides a summary of our operating segment results, with prior period segment information
           retrospectively recast to conform to current period presentation:


                                                                                        For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                2020                  2021                      2022
                                                                                RMB                   RMB                   RMB                    US$
                                                                                                      (in millions)

           Net revenues:
                JD Retail                                                   693,965               866,303               929,929               134,827
                JD Logistics                                                  73,375              104,693               137,402                 19,921
                Dada                                                                —                     —                 8,030                 1,164
                New Businesses                                                17,601                26,063                21,779                  3,158
           Inter-segment*                                                    (39,945)              (46,043)              (50,904)                (7,380)

           Total segment net revenues                                       744,996               951,016             1,046,236               151,690
           Unallocated items**                                                    806                   576                     —                     —

           Total consolidated net revenues                                  745,802               951,592             1,046,236               151,690

           Operating income/(loss):
                JD Retail                                                     20,611                26,613                34,852                  5,053
                JD Logistics                                                   1,098                 (1,827)                  528                     77
                Dada                                                                —                     —                (1,122)                 (163)
                New Businesses                                                 (4,723)             (10,600)                (5,295)                 (768)
            Including: gain on sale of development
             properties                                                        1,649                    767                1,379                    200

           Total segment operating income                                     16,986                14,186                28,963                  4,199
           Unallocated items**                                                 (4,643)             (10,045)                (9,240)               (1,339)

           Total consolidated operating income                                12,343                 4,141                19,723                  2,860

           *       The inter-segment eliminations mainly consist of revenues from supply chain solutions and logistics services provided by JD Logistics to
                   JD Retail, on-demand delivery and retail services provided by Dada to JD Retail and JD Logistics, and property leasing services provided
                   by JD Property to JD Logistics.


           **      Unallocated items include share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions,
                   effects of business cooperation arrangements, and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, which are not allocated to segments.


           Operating expenses (including fulfillment expenses, marketing expenses, research and development expenses
           and general and administrative expenses) before unallocated items as a percentage of net revenues for JD Retail
           were 11.8%, 11.2% and 11.1% for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.

204   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
Net Revenues
Our total net revenues increased by 9.9% from RMB951,592 million in 2021 to RMB1,046,236 million
(US$151,690 million) in 2022, with increases in both categories of net revenues. Net product revenues increased
by 6.1% from RMB815,655 million in 2021 to RMB865,062 million (US$125,422 million) in 2022. Net service
revenues increased by 33.3% from RMB135,937 million in 2021 to RMB181,174 million (US$26,268 million) in
2022.


The increase in our total net revenues was primarily due to our ability to achieve a higher customer retention
and increase in average spending per customer in 2022. Despite the impact of the COVID-19 resurgence and
macroeconomic uncertainties in 2022, we achieved soft growth in our product revenues based on our supply
chain capabilities. As we continued to focus on user quality and building deeper user engagement, our core user
base had expanded. The solid increase in our net service revenues was primarily driven by the resilient growth in
logistics revenues from external customers with revenue contribution of 64.9%, as well as a healthy expansion
of our merchant base and additional advertising spending, resulting in our continued progress in strengthening
our marketplace ecosystem and a better growth of our marketing services.


Cost of revenues
Our     cost   of   revenues   increased    by   9.3%   from   RMB822,526   million   in   2021   to   RMB899,163
million (US$130,366 million) in 2022. This increase was primarily due to the growth of our online retail business
and increase in costs related to the logistics services provided to merchants and other partners.


Fulfillment expenses
Our fulfillment expenses increased by 6.7% from RMB59,055 million in 2021 to RMB63,011 million
(US$9,136 million) in 2022. This increase was primarily due to the increase in compensation costs relating to
fulfillment personnel, as well as an increase in payment processing charges as our volume of sales increased.
Fulfillment expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 6.0% in 2022, as compared to 6.2% in 2021,
primarily due to economies of scale from enhanced logistics capacity utilization and improvements in efficiencies
driven by technology.


Marketing expenses
Our marketing expenses decreased by 2.5% from RMB38,743 million in 2021 to RMB37,772 million
(US$5,476 million) in 2022. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in our advertising expenditures on
both online and offline channels from RMB32,704 million in 2021 to RMB29,898 million (US$4,335 million) in
2022, especially in JD Retail and Jingxi.


Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses were RMB16,893 million (US$2,449 million) in 2022, kept relatively
steady as compared to RMB16,332 million in 2021. We continued to invest in top-notch R&D talent and
technology infrastructure.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022      205
      Part I (Continued)




           General and administrative expenses
           Our general and administrative expenses decreased by 4.4% from RMB11,562 million in 2021 to
           RMB11,053 million (US$1,603 million) in 2022. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in share-based
           compensation expenses, as JD Property and JD Industrials both recognized one-off share-based compensation
           expenses in 2021 along with the adoption of their own share incentive plans.


           Gain on sale of development properties
           The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to the
           Property Funds. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating Results — Selected
           Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” For the logistics facilities that met
           closing conditions, we recorded disposal gain of RMB767 million in 2021 and RMB1,379 million (US$200 million)
           in 2022, respectively.


           Share of results of equity investees
           Compared to a loss of RMB4,918 million in 2021, our share of results of equity investees was a loss of
           RMB2,195 million (US$318 million) in 2022, the decrease of loss was mainly due to decrease in non-cash
           impairments in equity investees.


           Others, Net
           Others, net was RMB590 million loss in 2021 and RMB1,555 million (US$225 million) loss in 2022. The increase
           of loss was primarily due to a loss of RMB3,623 million (US$525 million) recognized in 2022 resulting from the
           change of Dada’s share price prior to the closing of the acquisition, which was partially offset by the decrease of
           loss of fair value change of investment securities. The fair value change of long-term investments was a loss of
           RMB4,096 million (US$594 million) in 2022 as compared to a loss of RMB7,252 million in 2021.


           Net Income/(Loss)
           As a result of the foregoing, we had a net income of RMB9,691 million (US$1,407 million) in 2022, as compared
           to a net loss of RMB4,467 million in 2021.


           Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
           Net Revenues
           Our total net revenues increased by 27.6% from RMB745,802 million in 2020 to RMB951,592 million in
           2021, with increases in both categories of net revenues. Net product revenues increased by 25.1% from
           RMB651,879 million in 2020 to RMB815,655 million in 2021. Net service revenues increased by 44.7% from
           RMB93,923 million in 2020 to RMB135,937 million in 2021.


           The increase in our total net revenues was primarily due to our ability to expand our customer base and achieve
           a higher customer retention in 2021. Our annual active customer accounts increased from 471.9 million in 2020
           to 569.7 million in 2021. Despite the relatively soft consumption trend and challenging macro environment in
           2021, we achieved solid growth in our product revenues based on our supply chain-based business model.
           We gained more wallet share from our expanding user base as we increasingly become the go-to destination
           for consumer’s regular shopping. The increase in our net service revenues was primarily due to the enhanced


206   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




penetration of our logistics services to our third-party merchants and other third parties, as well as our efforts
to continually enhance our smart marketing technologies, resulting in an improved marketing efficiency and a
better growth of our marketing services.


Cost of revenues
Our cost of revenues increased by 29.2% from RMB636,694 million in 2020 to RMB822,526 million in 2021.
This increase was primarily due to the growth of our online retail business and increase in costs related to the
logistics services provided to merchants and other partners.


Fulfillment expenses
Our fulfillment expenses increased by 21.3% from RMB48,700 million in 2020 to RMB59,055 million in 2021.
This increase was primarily due to the increase in compensation costs relating to fulfillment personnel and
payment processing charges, and rental expenses for our fulfillment infrastructure, which were in line with
the expansion of our business. Fulfillment expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 6.2% in 2021, as
compared to 6.5% in 2020, primarily due to economies of scale from enhanced logistics capacity utilization and
improvements in efficiencies driven by technology.


Marketing expenses
Our marketing expenses increased by 42.7% from RMB27,156 million in 2020 to RMB38,743 million in 2021.
This increase was primarily due to an increase in our advertising expenditures on both online and offline
channels from RMB23,088 million in 2020 to RMB32,704 million in 2021, as we continued to enhance our brand
recognition and promote our new business initiatives.


Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses were RMB16,332 million in 2021, kept relatively steady as compared
to RMB16,149 million in 2020. We continued to invest in top-notch R&D talent and technology infrastructure.
Considering JD Cloud & AI was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements since March 31,
2021, the slight increase in our research and development expenses was primarily attributable to the increase in
the compensation costs of our technology employees.


General and administrative expenses
Our general and administrative expenses increased by 80.4% along with the expansion of our business from
RMB6,409 million in 2020 to RMB11,562 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase
in share-based compensation expenses, as each of our consolidated subsidiaries including, JD Logistics,
JD Health, JD Property and JD Industrials, adopted their own share incentive plans.


Gain on sale of development properties
The gain on sale of development properties is mainly derived from sale of development properties to the
Property Funds. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating Results — Selected
Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” For the logistics facilities that
met closing conditions, we recorded disposal gain of RMB1,649 million in 2020, and RMB767 million in 2021,
respectively. We derecognized the logistics facilities upon satisfaction of the hand-over condition.


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022       207
      Part I (Continued)




           Share of results of equity investees
           Compared to a gain of RMB4,291 million in 2020, our share of results of equity investees was a loss of
           RMB4,918 million in 2021, which primarily consisted of the non-cash impairments in certain equity investees,
           partially offset by the picked up gains recognized from our equity method investments.


           Others, Net
           Others, net was RMB35,310 million income in 2020 and RMB590 million loss in 2021. The substantial
           decrease was primarily due to the fluctuation in fair value change of investment securities, which resulting
           from the fluctuation in the market prices of equity investments in publicly-traded companies. The fair value
           change of long-term investments was a loss of RMB7,252 million in 2021 as compared to an income of
           RMB29,483 million in 2020.


           Net Income/(Loss)
           As a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of RMB4,467 million in 2021, as compared to a net income of
           RMB49,337 million in 2020.


      B.   Liquidity and Capital Resources
           Our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds from operating activities, equity and debt financing, and
           certain business or assets reorganizations.


           Our major financings
           •     In April 2016, we issued an aggregate of US$500 million unsecured senior notes due 2021, with stated
                 annual interest rate of 3.125%, and an aggregate of US$500 million unsecured senior notes due 2026,
                 with stated annual interest rate of 3.875%. The net proceeds from the sale of these notes were used
                 for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the notes due 2021 were paid off, and the
                 carrying value and estimated fair value of the notes due 2026 were US$495.8 million and US$477.5 million,
                 respectively. The estimated fair values were based on quoted prices for our publicly traded debt securities
                 as of December 31, 2022. The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others,
                 limitation on liens, and restriction on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
                 We are in compliance with all the covenants. During 2022, we paid an aggregate of US$19.4 million in
                 interest payments related to these notes.


           •     In December 2017, we entered into a five-year US$1.0 billion term and revolving credit facility with a group
                 of 24 arrangers. The facility was priced at 115 basis points over LIBOR. The use of proceeds of this facility
                 was intended for general corporate purposes. The amounts drawn down under the facility were repaid in
                 April 2022.


           •     In January 2020, we issued an aggregate of US$700 million unsecured senior notes due 2030, with
                 stated annual interest rate of 3.375%, and an aggregate of US$300 million unsecured senior notes due
                 2050, with stated annual interest rate of 4.125%. The net proceeds from the sale of these notes are
                 used for general corporate purposes and refinancing. As of December 31, 2022, the total carrying value
                 and estimated fair value were US$691.0 million and US$611.2 million, respectively, with respect to the


208   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




     notes due 2030, and US$281.3 million and US$210.1 million, respectively, with respect to the notes due
     2050. The estimated fair values were based on quoted prices for our publicly traded debt securities as of
     December 31, 2022. The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others, limitation
     on liens, and restriction on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets. We are
     in compliance with all the covenants. During 2022, we paid an aggregate of US$36.0 million in interest
     payments related to these notes.


•    In June 2020, our Class A ordinary shares commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange under the stock code “9618.” We raised from our global offering in connection with the listing
     in Hong Kong approximately RMB31.3 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions,
     share issuance costs and the offering expenses.


•    In December 2021, we entered into a five-year US$2.0 billion unsecured term and revolving loan facility
     with five lead arrangers. This loan facility is our first green loan facility. The term and revolving loans
     under this facility are priced at 85 basis points over LIBOR, which was amended to the Secured Overnight
     Financing Rate (“SOFR”) in September 2022. In April 2022, the Group drew down US$1.0 billion under the
     facility commitment, which will be due in 2027. We intend to use the proceeds from this loan facility to
     (i) finance or refinance in whole or in part, one or more of its new or existing eligible green projects and/or
     (ii) general corporate purposes.


Major financings of our subsidiaries
JD Logistics
•    In May 2021, shares of JD Logistics commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange under the stock code “2618.” JD Logistics raised from the global offering in connection with
     the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB22.9 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting
     commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses.


•    On March 25, 2022, JD Logistics entered into a placing agreement, pursuant to which JD Logistics had
     agreed to issue 150,500,000 of its ordinary shares to a group of third-party investors for a total purchase
     price of approximately US$398 million in a placement (the “JDL Placement”). Concurrently, through our
     wholly-owned subsidiary, we had entered into a subscription agreement with JD Logistics, pursuant
     to which the subsidiary had agreed to subscribe for, and JD Logistics had agreed to issue 261,400,000
     ordinary shares of JD Logistics, at the same per share price for the JDL Placement, for a total purchase
     price of approximately US$692 million in cash (the “JD Subscription”). On April 1, 2022, the JDL
     Placement was completed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the placing agreement. The
     net proceeds from the placing amounted to approximately HK$3,102 million. On May 26, 2022, the JD
     Subscription was completed, upon which we maintained our shareholding in JD Logistics at more than
     63% and continued to consolidate JD Logistics’s financial results into our financial statements.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022         209
      Part I (Continued)




           JD Health
           •     In August 2020, JD Health completed the non-redeemable series B preference share financing with a
                 group of third-party investors. The total amount of financing raised was US$914 million, representing 4.5%
                 of the ownership of JD Health on a fully diluted basis.


           •     In December 2020, shares of JD Health commenced trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange under the stock code “6618.” JD Health raised from its global offering in connection with
                 the listing in Hong Kong approximately RMB25.7 billion in net proceeds after deducting underwriting
                 commissions, share issuance costs and the offering expenses.


           JD Property
           •     In March 2021, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for the non-redeemable series A
                 preference share financing with co-lead investors Hillhouse Investment and Warburg Pincus, among
                 others. The total amount raised was US$703 million. We remained the majority shareholder of JD Property
                 after the completion of this transaction.


           •     In March 2022 and June 2022, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for its non-redeemable
                 series B preferred share financing with investors led by Hillhouse Investment, Warburg Pincus, and one
                 leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount raised in this round was approximately
                 US$800 million. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. We remained the majority
                 shareholder of JD Property after the completion of this transaction.


           JD Industrials
           •     In April 2020, December 2020 and March 2023, JD Industrials entered into definitive agreements for
                 non-redeemable series A, series A-1 and series B preference share financing with a group of third-party
                 investors. The total amount of financing arising was approximately US$545 million. Upon completion of
                 such financing, we still hold approximately 78% of the issued and outstanding shares of JD Industrials.


           As of December 31, 2022, we had revolving lines of credit for an aggregate amount of RMB131.4 billion
           (US$19.0 billion) from several commercial banks (not including the US$1.0 billion term and revolving credit
           facility we entered into in December 2017, the US$2.0 billion term and revolving loan facility we entered into in
           December 2021). We had drawn down an aggregate of RMB36.4 billion (US$5.3 billion) under these revolving
           lines of credit as of December 31, 2022.


           As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of RMB228.9 billion (US$33.2 billion) in cash and cash equivalents,
           restricted cash and short-term investments and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities
           more than one year in other non-current assets. This included primarily RMB146.2 billion (US$21.2 billion),




210   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




HK$2.3 million (US$0.3 million) and US$4.3 billion in China, RMB3.7 billion (US$0.5 billion), HK$4.4 billion (US$0.6
billion) and US$6.1 billion in Hong Kong. Our cash and cash equivalents generally consist of cash on hand, money
market fund investments, time deposits and liquid investments with maturities of three months or less.


Taking into account cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows, and the available bank
facilities, we believe that we have sufficient working capital for our present requirements and for at least the
next 12 months from the date of this annual report. We may, however, need additional cash resources in the
future if we experience changes in business conditions or other developments. We may also need additional
cash resources in the future if we find and wish to pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition, capital
expenditure or similar actions. If we determine that our cash requirements exceed the amount of cash and cash
equivalents we have on hand, we may seek to issue debt or equity securities or obtain additional credit facilities.


Our net inventories have increased significantly in recent years, from RMB58.9 billion as of December 31, 2020
to RMB75.6 billion as of December 31, 2021 and further to RMB77.9 billion (US$11.3 billion) as of December
31, 2022. These increases reflected the additional inventory required to support our substantially expanded
sales volumes. Our annual inventory turnover days were 33.3 days in 2020, 30.3 days in 2021 and 33.2 days in
2022. Annual inventory turnover days are the quotient of average inventory over the immediately preceding five
quarters, up to and including the last quarter of the annual period, to cost of revenues of retail business for that
annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days. Our inventory balances will fluctuate over time due to a number
of factors, including expansion in our product selection and changes in our product mix. Our inventory balances
typically increase when we prepare for special promotion events, such as the anniversary of the founding of our
company on June 18 and China’s online shopping festival on November 11.


Our accounts payable primarily include accounts payable to suppliers associated with our retail business. As of
December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, our accounts payable amounted to RMB106.8 billion, RMB140.5 billion
and RMB160.6 billion (US$23.3 billion), respectively. These increases reflected a significant growth in our sales
volumes and scale of operations for our retail business and the related increase in products sourced from our
suppliers. Our annual accounts payable turnover days for retail business were 47.1 days in 2020, 45.3 days
in 2021 and 52.5 days in 2022. Annual accounts payable turnover days are the quotient of average accounts
payable for retail business over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including the last quarter of
the annual period to cost of revenues of retail business for that annual period, and then multiplied by 360 days.


Our accounts receivable primarily include amounts due from customers and online payment channels. As of
December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, our accounts receivable amounted to RMB7.1 billion, RMB11.9 billion
and RMB20.6 billion (US$3.0 billion), respectively. The increase was primarily due to the growth of our logistics
business. From early 2014, JD Technology started to provide consumer financing to our customers. As of
December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the balances of current portion of financing provided to our customers
that were included in accounts receivable balances amounted to RMB0.8 billion, RMB2.5 billion and RMB3.1
billion (US$0.4 billion), respectively. Our accounts receivable turnover days excluding the impact from consumer
financing were 2.7 days in 2020, 2.9 days in 2021 and 4.5 days in 2022. Annual accounts receivable turnover days
are the quotient of average accounts receivable over the immediately preceding five quarters, up to and including
the last quarter of the annual period, to total net revenues for that annual period and then multiplied by 360 days.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        211
      Part I (Continued)




           Although we consolidate the results of the consolidated variable interest entities, we only have access to cash
           balances or future earnings of the consolidated variable interest entities through our contractual arrangements
           with them. See “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.” For restrictions and limitations on
           liquidity and capital resources as a result of our corporate structure, see “Operating and Financial Review and
           Prospects — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Holding Company Structure.”


           As a Cayman Islands exempted company and offshore holding company, we are permitted under PRC laws and
           regulations to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland only through
           loans or capital contributions, subject to the approval of government authorities and limits on the amount of
           capital contributions and loans. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland may
           provide RMB funding to their respective subsidiaries only through capital contributions and entrusted loans, and
           to the consolidated variable interest entities only through entrusted loans. See “Introduction—Summary of Risk
           Factors—Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure,” “Operating and Financial Review—Liquidity and Capital
           Resources” and “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — PRC regulation
           of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of
           currency conversion may delay or prevent us from making loans to our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated
           variable interest entities or making additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in the
           Chinese mainland, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our
           business.”


           RMB may be converted into foreign exchange for current account items, including interest and trade- and
           service-related transactions. As a result, our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in
           China may purchase foreign exchange for the payment of license, content or other royalty fees and expenses to
           offshore licensors and content partners, for example.


           Our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries may convert RMB amounts that they generate in their own business
           activities, including technical consulting and related service fees pursuant to their contracts with the
           consolidated variable interest entities, as well as dividends they receive from their own subsidiaries, into foreign
           exchange and pay them to their non-PRC parent companies in the form of dividends. However, current PRC
           regulations permit our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated
           profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. Each of our wholly
           foreign-owned subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits after making up previous
           years’ accumulated losses each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds until the total amount set aside
           reaches 50% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Furthermore,
           capital account transactions, which include foreign direct investment and loans, must be approved by and/or
           registered with SAFE and its local branches.




212   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:

                                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                     2020               2021             2022
                                                     RMB                RMB           RMB                 US$
                                                                       (in millions)

Summary Consolidated Cash Flows Data:
Net cash provided by operating activities           42,544           42,301             57,819           8,383
Net cash used in investing activities              (57,811)          (74,248)           (54,026)        (7,833)
Net cash provided by financing activities           71,072           19,503              1,180            171
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
  cash equivalents and restricted cash              (5,082)           (1,498)            3,490            506

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
 equivalents and restricted cash                    50,723           (13,942)            8,463           1,227
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
  cash at beginning of year, including
  cash and cash equivalents classified
  within assets held for sale                       39,912           90,635             76,693         11,119
Less: cash, cash equivalents,
  and restricted cash classified within
  assets held for sale at beginning of year             —               116                  —              —
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
  cash at beginning of year                         39,912           90,519             76,693         11,119

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year, including cash and cash
  equivalents classified within assets
  held for sale                                     90,635           76,693             85,156         12,346
Less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted
  cash classified within assets held for
  sale at end of year                                  116                —                 41               5

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at end of year                                    90,519           76,693             85,115         12,341



Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was RMB57,819 million (US$8,383 million). In 2022, the
principal items accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our net
income were certain non-cash expenses, principally share-based compensation of RMB7,548 million (US$1,095
million), depreciation and amortization of RMB7,236 million (US$1,049 million), and loss from fair value change
of long-term investments of RMB4,096 million (US$594 million), and changes in certain working capital
accounts, principally an increase in accounts payable of RMB17,658 million (US$2,560 million) and an increase in
advance from customers of RMB4,526 million (US$656 million). The increase in our accounts payable was due
to the growth of our business. The increase in our advance from customers was due to the increase in our sales
of prepaid cards.



                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022      213
      Part I (Continued)




           Net cash provided by operating activities in 2021 was RMB42,301 million. In 2021, the principal items
           accounting for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our net income were
           non-cash expenses, principally share-based compensation of RMB9,134 million, loss from fair value change
           of long-term investments of RMB7,252 million, depreciation and amortization of RMB6,232 million, and loss
           on share of results of equity investees of RMB4,918 million, and changes in certain working capital accounts,
           principally an increase in accounts payable of RMB32,585 million, an increase in advance from customers of
           RMB8,702 million, and an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of RMB5,257 million. The
           increase in our accounts payable and advance from customers was mainly due to the growth of our retail
           business. The increase in our accrued expenses and other current liabilities was primarily due to the increase of
           vendor deposits.


           Net cash provided by operating activities in 2020 was RMB42,544 million. In 2020, the principal items accounting
           for the difference between our net cash provided by operating activities and our net income were certain
           non-cash expenses, principally gain from fair value change of long-term investments of RMB29,483 million,
           depreciation and amortization of RMB6,068 million, share-based compensation of RMB4,156 million, and gain
           on share of results of equity investees of RMB4,291 million, and changes in certain working capital accounts,
           principally an increase in accounts payable of RMB11,095 million, an increase in accrued expenses and other
           current liabilities of RMB4,784 million, and an increase in advance from customers of RMB4,052 million. The
           increase in our accounts payable was due to the growth of our business. The increase in our accrued expenses
           and other current liabilities was primarily due to the increase of vendor deposits and the growth in payroll. The
           increase in our advance from customers was due to the increase in our sales of prepaid cards.


           Investing Activities
           Net cash used in investing activities in 2022 was RMB54,026 million (US$7,833 million), consisting primarily of
           the purchase of short-term investments, cash paid for business combination, cash paid for investment in equity
           investees and investment securities, cash paid for construction in progress and land use rights, purchases of
           property, equipment and software, partially offset by the maturity of short-term investments, cash received
           from disposals of investment in equity investees and investment securities and cash received from sale of
           development properties.


           Net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was RMB74,248 million, consisting primarily of the purchase of
           short-term investments, investment in equity investees and investment securities, cash paid for construction
           in progress and land use rights, purchases of property, equipment and software, partially offset by the maturity
           of short-term investments, cash received from disposals of investment in equity investees and investment
           securities and cash received from sale of development properties.


           Net cash used in investing activities in 2020 was RMB57,811 million, consisting primarily of the purchase of
           short-term investments and time deposits, investment in equity investees and investment securities, purchases
           of property, equipment and software, cash paid for construction in progress, partially offset by the maturity
           of short-term investments, cash received from disposals of investment in equity investees and investment
           securities and cash received from sale of development properties.




214   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Financing Activities
Net cash provided by financing activities in 2022 was RMB1,180 million (US$171 million), consisting primarily
of proceeds from bank borrowings, net proceeds from JD Property’s non-redeemable series B preferred share
financing and share placement of JD Logistics, partially offset by repayment of bank borrowings, cash paid for
dividends, and cash paid for repurchase of ordinary shares of our company and our subsidiaries.


Net cash provided by financing activities in 2021 was RMB19,503 million, consisting primarily of net proceeds
of RMB23,011 million from the initial public offering of JD Logistics in Hong Kong, the proceeds from short-
term borrowing of RMB7,133 million and net proceeds of RMB4,557 million from the non-redeemable
series A preference share financing of JD Property, partially offset by the cash paid for repayment of short-
term borrowings of RMB5,982 million, repurchase of ordinary shares of RMB5,246 million and repayment of
unsecured senior notes of RMB3,246 million.


Net cash provided by financing activities in 2020 was RMB71,072 million, consisting primarily of net proceeds
of RMB32,105 million from the non-redeemable series B preference share financing of JD Health and the initial
public offering of JD Health in Hong Kong, the net proceeds of RMB31,342 million from our listing in Hong Kong,
the proceeds from short-term borrowing of RMB14,766 million and the net proceeds of RMB6,804 million
from the issuance of unsecured senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of short-term borrowings of
RMB16,582 million.


Material cash requirements
Our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022 and any subsequent interim period primarily include
our capital expenditures and contractual obligations.


Capital Expenditures
We made capital expenditures of RMB12.5 billion, RMB22.1 billion and RMB23.7 billion (US$3.4 billion) in
2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our capital expenditures for 2020, 2021 and 2022 consisted primarily of
expenditures related to the expansion of our fulfillment infrastructure, technology platform, logistics equipment
as well as our office buildings. Our capital expenditures will continue to be significant in the foreseeable future
as we expand and improve our fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform to meet the needs of our
anticipated growth. JD Property seeks to realize development profits and recycle capital from mature properties
to fund new developments and scale the business. We sold certain of our development properties and received
proceeds of RMB4.8 billion in 2020, RMB3.5 billion in 2021 and RMB1.7 billion (US$0.2 billion) in 2022,
respectively.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        215
      Part I (Continued)




           Contractual Obligations
           The following table sets forth our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022:


                                                                                              Payment Due by Period
                                                                                          Less than                                        More than
                                                                             Total           1 year      1–3 years        3–5 years            5 years
                                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

           Operating lease commitments for offices
            and fulfillment infrastructures                                25,833             7,885            8,739            3,911             5,298
           Commitments for internet data center
                 service fee                                                 4,331             824             1,141              658             1,708
           Capital commitments          (1)
                                                                           10,744            10,744                —                —                 —
           Long-term debt obligations(2)                                   31,118              885             4,727          13,181            12,325
           Estimated interest payments in relation to
                 long-term debt obligations(2)                               7,615            1,153            2,106            1,394             2,962

           Total                                                           79,641           21,491           16,713           19,144            22,293


           (1)      Our capital commitments primarily relate to commitments on construction of office buildings and warehouses, and are expected to be
                    paid in the following years according to the construction progress.


           (2)      Our long-term debt obligations are mainly unsecured senior notes and long-term borrowings, including the portion due within one year.



           Our investment commitments contracted but without fixed payment schedule amounted to RMB2.4 billion
           (US$0.4 billion) as of December 31, 2022, which primarily related to capital contribution obligation for certain
           investment funds.


           Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
           We have not entered into any material financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment
           obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our
           shares and classified as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
           Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated
           entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest
           in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in
           leasing, hedging or product development services with us.


           Holding Company Structure
           JD.com, Inc. is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our operations primarily
           through our subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities in China. As a result, JD.com, Inc.’s
           ability to pay dividends depends upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries. If our existing PRC subsidiaries
           or any newly formed ones incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt



216   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




     may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China
     are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance
     with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC law, each of our subsidiaries and the consolidated
     variable interest entities in China is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any,
     to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50% of its registered capital. Each of the
     other PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable interest entities may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits
     based on PRC accounting standards to a discretionary surplus fund at its discretion. The statutory reserve funds
     and the discretionary funds are not distributable as cash dividends. Remittance of dividends by a wholly foreign-
     owned company out of China is subject to examination by the banks designated by SAFE. As of December 31,
     2022, the amount restricted, including paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, as determined in accordance
     with PRC accounting standards and regulations, was approximately RMB58.2 billion (US$8.4 billion).


C.   Research and Development, Patents, and Licenses, etc.
     We have built our technology platform relying primarily on software and systems that we have developed in-
     house and to a lesser extent on third-party software that we have modified and incorporated. Our research and
     development professionals design, develop and operate our technology platform and to improve our AI, big data
     and cloud technologies and services.


     In 2020, 2021 and 2022, our research and development expenses, including share-based compensation
     expenses for research and development staff, were RMB16,149 million, RMB16,332 million and RMB16,893
     million (US$2,449 million), respectively. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and
     related expenses for research and development professionals involved in designing, developing and operating
     our technology platform, and improving our AI, big data and cloud technologies and services, and technology
     infrastructure costs. Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment depreciation,
     bandwidth and data center costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support our internal and
     external business. We expect spending in research and development continue to be significant over time as we
     plan to continue to invest in our technology and innovation to enhance customer experience and provide value-
     added services to our business partners.


D.   Trend Information
     Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties,
     demands, commitments or events for the year ended December 31, 2022 that are reasonably likely to have
     a material and adverse effect on our net revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that
     would cause the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future results of operations or
     financial conditions.


E.   Critical Accounting Estimates
     An accounting estimate is considered critical if it requires to be made based on assumptions about matters that
     are highly uncertain at the time such estimate is made, and if different accounting estimates that reasonably
     could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically,
     could materially impact the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022         217
      Part I (Continued)




           We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make
           estimates and assumptions. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most
           recently available information, our own historical experiences and various other assumptions that we believe
           to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial
           reporting process, actual results could differ from our expectations as a result of changes in our estimates.
           Some of our accounting policies require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application and require
           us to make significant accounting estimates.

           The following descriptions of critical accounting estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
           financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report. For further information, see Note 2 to
           our consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

           Business Combinations
           We account for business acquisitions under the acquisition method of accounting. We allocate the fair value of
           purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based
           on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of
           these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. We primarily establish fair value using the income
           approach based upon a discounted cash flow model. The income approach requires management to make
           significant estimates and assumptions. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are
           not limited to, future expected cash flows and discount rates.


           Our management’s estimates of fair value are based on available information as of the acquisition date and upon
           assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result,
           actual results may differ from estimates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect
           the determination of the asset’s fair value.


           Impairment Assessment of Investment in Equity Investees
           Investment in equity investees represents our investments in privately held companies, publicly traded
           companies and private equity funds. We apply the equity method of accounting to account for an equity
           investment, in common stock or in-substance common stock, according to ASC Topic 323, Investment — Equity
           Method and Joint Ventures (“ASC 323”), over which it has significant influence but does not own a majority
           equity interest or otherwise control.

           We continually review our investment in equity investees under equity method to determine whether a
           decline in fair value to below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. The primary factors we consider in
           our determination are the duration and severity of the decline in fair value, the financial condition, operating
           performance and the prospects of the equity investee, and other company specific information such as recent
           financing rounds. If the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the
           equity investee is written down to fair value.

           Our equity investments without readily determinable fair values, which do not qualify for NAV practical expedient
           and over which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence through the investments in common
           stock or in substance common stock, are accounted for under the measurement alternative. We make assessment
           of whether an investment is impaired based on performance and financial position of the investee as well as other


218   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




evidence of market value at each reporting date. Such assessment includes, but is not limited to, reviewing the
investee’s cash position, recent financing, as well as the financial and business performance. When indicators of
impairment exist, we also prepare quantitative measurements of the fair value of our equity investments using
market approach, income approach or cost approach, if applicable, with observable or unobservable inputs and
assumptions. Changes in inputs and assumptions might materially affect the determination of fair value of our equity
investments. We recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and fair value in
others, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) if there is any.


Revenues
We recognize revenues net of discounts and return allowances when the products are delivered and title is passed
to customers. Significant judgement is required to estimate return allowances. For online retail business with
return conditions, we reasonably estimate the possibility of return based on the historical experience, changes in
judgments on these assumptions and estimates could materially impact the amount of net revenues recognized.


We also sell prepaid cards which can be redeemed to purchase products sold on the JD Platform. In accordance
with ASC 606, the cash collected from the sales of prepaid cards is initially recorded in advance from
customers in the consolidated balance sheets and subsequently recognized as revenues upon the sales of the
respective products through redemption of prepaid cards are completed. We recognize revenue from estimated
unredeemed prepaid cards over the expected customer redemption periods, rather than waiting until prepaid
cards expire or when the likelihood of redemption becomes remote in accordance with ASC 606.


Inventories
Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
Cost of inventories is determined using the weighted average cost method. Adjustments are recorded to
write down the cost of inventories to the estimated net realizable value due to slow-moving merchandise and
damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as inventory aging, historical and forecasted consumer
demand, and market conditions that impact pricing. We take ownership, risks and rewards of the products
purchased, but have arrangements to return unsold goods with certain vendors. Write-downs are recorded in
cost of revenues in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). As a measure
of sensitivity, for every 1% of additional inventory valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022, we would have
recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately RMB821 million (US$119 million).


Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities
acquired in a business combination.


Goodwill is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31, and
in between annual tests when an event occurs or circumstances change that could indicate that the asset might
be impaired. In accordance with ASU 2017-04, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the
Test for Goodwill Impairment (“ASU 2017-04”) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
guidance on testing of goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it
is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If as a result of
the qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        219
      Part I (Continued)




           carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required. The
           quantitative impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying
           amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of each reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment
           loss equal to the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying amount will be recorded.


           Application of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the identification
           of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to reporting units, and
           determining the fair value of each reporting unit. The judgment in estimating the fair value of reporting units
           includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates, consideration of the impact of
           COVID-19, and making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect
           the determination of fair value for each reporting unit.


           During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, management monitored the actual performance
           of the business and conducted goodwill impairment test. No impairment loss of goodwill was recorded for the
           years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


           Income Taxes
           Current income taxes are provided on the basis of net income for financial reporting purposes, adjusted for
           income and expense items which are not assessable or deductible for income tax purposes, in accordance
           with the regulations of the relevant tax jurisdictions. We follow the liability method of accounting for income
           taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences
           between the financial statements carrying amounts and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities by applying
           enacted statutory tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the temporary differences are expected
           to reverse. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the amount of deferred tax assets if based on the weight
           of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be
           realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in our consolidated statements of
           operations and comprehensive income/(loss) in the period of change. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
           classified as non-current in the consolidated balance sheets.

           We recognize in our consolidated financial statements the benefit of a tax position if the tax position is “more likely
           than not” to prevail based on the facts and technical merits of the position. Tax positions that meet the “more
           likely than not” recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than
           50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We estimate our liability for unrecognized tax benefits which are
           periodically assessed and may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities, changes
           and/or developments with respect to tax audits, and expiration of the statute of limitations. The ultimate outcome
           for a particular tax position may not be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion of a tax audit and, in some
           cases, appeal or litigation process. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. As each
           audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the period in which
           the audit is concluded. Additionally, in future periods, changes in facts, circumstances and new information may
           require us to adjust the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in
           recognition and measurement estimates are recognized in the period in which the changes occur. As of December
           31, 2021 and 2022, we did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.


220   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                  Part I (Continued)




Directors, Senior Management and Employees
A.   Directors and Senior Management
     The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this
     annual report.


     Directors and Executive Officers                   Age             Position/Title

     Richard Qiangdong Liu                                50            Chairman of the Board of Directors
     Lei Xu                                               48            Director and Chief Executive Officer
     Ming Huang                                           59            Independent Director
     Louis T. Hsieh                                       58            Independent Director
     Dingbo Xu                                            60            Independent Director
     Caroline Scheufele                                   61            Independent Director
     Carol Yun Yau Li                                     43            Independent Director
     Sandy Ran Xu                                         46            Chief Financial Officer
     Pang Zhang                                           34            Chief Human Resources Officer


     Richard Qiangdong Liu has been the chairman of our company since inception and served as our chief executive
     officer until April 2022. He founded JD.com in 2004 and has guided its development and growth since then.
     Mr. Liu received the prestigious award “Person of the Year of Chinese Economy 2011” from CCTV, China’s
     national television network. He was among “World’s 50 Greatest Leaders” named by Fortune Magazine in
     2015. Mr. Liu currently serves as the chairman of the board and director of Jingdong Technology Holding
     Co., Ltd., JD Health International Inc. (HKEX: 6618), and JD Logistics, Inc. (HKEX: 2618). Mr. Liu received his
     bachelor’s degree in sociology from Renmin University of China in 1996 and an EMBA from China Europe
     International Business School in 2011.


     Lei Xu is chief executive officer and executive director of JD.com, responsible for leading daily operation of the
     company. Mr. Xu served as a marketing consultant for JD.com in May 2007, and joined the company in January
     2009. Prior to his current role, Mr. Xu held various senior roles in the company, including head of marketing
     department, head of JD Wireless, chief marketing officer of JD.com, chief executive officer of JD Retail and
     president of JD.com. Mr. Xu led the establishment of JD’s marketing and public relations system, the mobile
     products’ R&D system as well as the platform operation system, and propelled JD’s mobile-based strategic
     transformation. Mr. Xu also led the launch of JD 618 Grand Promotion and drove the opening-up of JD’s supply
     chain capabilities to empower the society at large. During his tenure as CEO of JD Retail, Mr. Xu has established
     the business philosophy of “trust-based and customer-centric value creation” and led the visionary moves on
     development of supply chain middle platform and omni-channel strategy, which accelerated JD’s second curve
     of growth. Mr. Xu also sits on the board of directors of Yonghui Superstores Co. Ltd. Mr. Xu was conferred




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022      221
      Part I (Continued)




           China’s professional title as Senior Economist (Enterprise Management) in 2019 and holds an EMBA degree
           from China Europe International Business School. Mr. Xu was named among the “50 Most Influential Business
           Leaders in China” in two consecutive years named by Fortune China. He was also named by China Entrepreneur
           magazine as one of the “25 Most Influential Business Leaders” in 2022.


           Ming Huang has served as our independent director since March 2014. Mr. Huang has been a professor of finance
           at the Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University since July 2005. From July 2010 to June 2019,
           Mr. Huang was a professor of finance at China Europe International Business School. Mr. Huang also served as a
           professor of finance at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in China from July 2008 to June 2010 and Dean of
           the School of Finance at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics from April 2006 to March 2009. Prior to 2005,
           he was an associate professor of finance at the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University from September
           2002 to June 2005 and an associate dean and visiting professor of finance at Cheung Kong Graduate School of
           Business from July 2004 to June 2005. Professor Huang’s academic research primarily focuses on behavioral
           finance, credit risk and derivatives. In recent years, his research has focused on Chinese capital market and public
           companies. Mr. Huang is also an independent non-executive director of WH Group Limited, a company listed on the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and an independent director of 360 Security Technology Inc., a company listed on the
           Shanghai Stock Exchange. Professor Huang received his bachelor’s degree in physics from Peking University, a Ph.D.
           in theoretical physics from Cornell University and a Ph.D. in finance from Stanford University.


           Louis T. Hsieh has served as our independent director since May 2014. Mr. Hsieh currently serves as the global
           chief financial officer, since April 2021, and board director, since June 2021, of Hesai Technology, a global leader
           in 3-D Lidar solutions. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Hsieh served as the global chief financial officer of Nio Inc., a
           leading electric car original equipment manufacturer (NYSE: NIO). Mr. Hsieh has served as a board director of
           New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc., the largest provider of private educational services in China
           listed on the NYSE (NYSE: EDU), since March 2007, and served as its chief financial officer from 2005 to 2015
           and its president from 2009 to 2016. He also serves as an independent director, since November 2016, and
           chairman of the audit committee from 2016 to 2019, of YUM China Holdings, Inc., a NYSE and HKEX listed
           (NYSE: YUMC, HKEX: 9987) leading operator of restaurant chains in China including KFC and Pizza Hut. From
           2000 to 2002, Mr. Hsieh was the managing director and the Asia-Pacific tech/media/telecoms head of UBS
           Capital Asia Pacific, the private equity division of UBS AG. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Hsieh was a technology
           investment banker at JP Morgan in San Francisco, California, where he was a vice president, and Credit
           Suisse in Palo Alto, California, where he was an associate. From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Hsieh was a corporate
           and securities attorney at White & Case LLP in Los Angeles. Mr. Hsieh holds a bachelor’s degree in industrial
           engineering and engineering management from Stanford University, an MBA degree from the Harvard Business
           School, and a J.D. degree from the University of California at Berkeley.


           Dingbo Xu has served as our independent director since May 2018. Professor Xu has served as a faculty
           member and professor in highly-respected universities for more than two decades. He is currently Essilor Chair
           Professor in Accounting and an Associate Dean at China Europe International Business School (CEIBS). Before
           joining CEIBS in 2004, he was an assistant professor of accounting at the Hong Kong University of Science
           and Technology from 1996 to 2003. In addition to his academic positions, Professor Xu is the vice-president of




222   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




China Association of Chief Financial Officers, the executive director of the editorial board of China Management
Accounting Review and the founding chairman of Charted Global Management Accountant (CGMA) 100
North Asia Leaders Think Tank. Professor Xu has also contributed his knowledge and expertise to the board
of directors of several public companies. Apart from JD.com, Professor Xu currently serves on the board of
China Trust Protection Fund Co., Ltd. From September 2009 to April 2018, Professor Xu was a board member
as an independent director of The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (PICC), a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; from December 2012 to February 2019, he was an independent
director of Shanghai Shyndec Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; from
January 2013 to August 2019, he was an independent director of SANY Heavy Industry, a company listed on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange; from June 2013 to September 2019, he was an independent director of China
Cinda Asset Management Co. Ltd., a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; from September 2016
to September 2022, he was an independent director of Kweichow Moutai Company Limited, a company listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and from December 2015 to March 2023, he was an independent director of
Societe Generale (China) Ltd. Professor Xu received his Ph.D. in accounting from the University of Minnesota, as
well as a master’s degree in management and a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, both from Wuhan University.


Caroline Scheufele has served as our independent director since June 2021. Ms. Scheufele has over 35 years
of experience in the watchmaking and jewelry industry and currently serves as the co-president and artistic
director of Chopard, one of the last family-run Swiss watch makers and jewelers. Since 1985, Ms. Scheufele has
held various leadership positions at Chopard, including leading Chopard’s ladies’ collections and developing the
jewelry section and later the high-end jewelry department at Chopard. Ms. Scheufele designed Chopard’s first
jewelry collection, Happy Diamonds, the Happy Sports watches featuring a world-first combination of steel and
diamonds, and the Haute Joaillerie Red Carpet and Animal World collections. Ms. Scheufele has also contributed
to Chopard’s international exposure by connecting its image with the world of cinema and iconic events, such as
the Cannes Film Festival. In 1998, she redesigned the Palme d’Or, the award piece for the Cannes Film Festival,
and made Chopard the official event partner onwards. Ms. Scheufele is a dedicated philanthropist in support
of charitable causes, such as the American Foundation for AIDS Research (amFAR) and the José Carreras
Leukemia Foundation. She has promoted corporate social responsibility including Chopard’s membership in the
Responsible Jewelry Council since 2010. Under the leadership of Ms. Scheufele, Chopard has become one of
the first brands to use raw materials that meet the highest possible social and environmental standards and
has supported Fairmined certified responsible gold. Ms. Scheufele was honoured with both the annual Fashion
4 Development (F4D) Award and the BRAVO Business Award for “Environmentalist of the Year” in 2014 and
received the Designer of the Year Award at the second Sustainable Style Gala in 2019. Ms. Scheufele holds a
diploma from Geneva’s International School and decided to join the family business where she took intensive
classes in design and gemmology afterwards.


Carol Yun Yau Li has served as our independent director since September 2022. Ms. Li currently serves as
Managing Director of Yale Center Beijing, Yale University’s first university-wide center outside of the United
States. Ms. Li also served as an independent non-executive director of the board of JD Logistics, Inc. (HKEx:
2618), a consolidated subsidiary of JD.com, from May 2021 to September 2022. From April 2008 to May 2012,
Ms. Li was a Senior Vice President at China Investment Corporation, China’s sovereign wealth fund, where
she focused on private equity investments. She started her career in investment banking at Credit Suisse First


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        223
      Part I (Continued)




           Boston in New York and worked as an attorney at Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and WilmerHale LLP, specializing
           in corporate, financial, and transactional matters. Ms. Li holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and
           International Studies from Yale University received in May 2000 and a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from
           Stanford University received in June 2006. She is admitted to practice law in the State of New York and in the
           District of Columbia in the United States.Ms. Li was named a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader in
           2016. She is also a member of the Hong Kong X-Tech Startup Platform Advisory Committee.


           Sandy Ran Xu has served as chief financial officer of JD.com since June 2020. Ms. Xu joined JD.com in July
           2018. From July 2018 to May 2020, Ms. Xu oversaw group finance, accounting and tax functions in addition to
           serving as chief financial officer of JD Retail. Prior to joining JD.com, Ms. Xu was an audit partner and spent
           nearly 20 years with PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, Beijing office and PricewaterhouseCoopers, San
           Jose office, focusing on TMT industry and U.S. capital markets. Ms. Xu currently also serves as a director of
           JD Technology. Ms. Xu was a Certified Public Accountant in both China and the United States. Ms. Xu received
           her bachelor’s degree with a double major in information science and economics from Peking University.


           Pang Zhang has served as our chief human resources officer since December 2020. Ms. Zhang joined our
           company in July 2011. She has significant experience in leadership development as well as organizational
           processes optimization, and has always committed to exploring a brand-new type of platform-based HR system,
           thus to better support diversified business groups at JD.com. She also leads our company’s diversity, equality
           and inclusion efforts. Ms. Zhang has held multiple key roles within different departments in our company,
           including our company’s chairman office, JD Retail and JD Technology. Ms. Zhang currently serves as a director
           of JD Technology. Ms. Zhang holds a Cornell-Tsinghua Finance MBA and a bachelor’s degree from Central
           University of Finance and Economics.


      B.   Compensation
           In 2022, we paid an aggregate of approximately RMB37 million (US$5 million) in cash to our directors and
           executive officers as a group. We have not set aside or accrued any amount to provide pension, retirement or
           other similar benefits to our executive officers and directors. Our PRC subsidiaries and the consolidated variable
           interest entities are required by law to make contributions equal to certain percentages of each employee’s
           salary for his or her pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance and other statutory benefits
           and a housing provident fund.


           We are in the process of putting in place a comprehensive retirement plan for the eligible retiring salaried senior
           management of our company based on years of employment and contributions to our company. This plan is
           designed to strengthen the ability of our company to attract and retain persons of outstanding competence upon
           which, in large measure, our continued growth and profitability depend. Eligible management employees of our
           company will be entitled for certain benefits, including, but not limited to, cash payments, incentive stock award
           and incentive stock option benefits, additional insurance programs and pension plans. In addition, we intend to
           hire certain eligible retiring management employees of our company as consultant for a period of time following
           retirement to avail our company of the consultant’s knowledge, expertise and experience.




224   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements
We have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers. Under these agreements,
each of our executive officers is employed for a specified time period. We may terminate employment for
cause, at any time, without advance notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive officer, such as
conviction or plea of guilty to a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, negligent or dishonest acts to our
detriment, or misconduct or a failure to perform agreed duties. Without the foregoing causes, we may also
terminate an executive officer’s employment in accordance with the applicable law of the jurisdiction where the
executive officer is based, and in such case of termination by us, we will provide severance payments to the
executive officer as expressly required by such applicable law. The executive officer may resign at any time with
a 30-day advance written notice.


Each executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of his or her
employment agreement, in strict confidence and not to use, except as required in the performance of his or
her duties in connection with the employment or pursuant to applicable law, any of our confidential information
or trade secrets, any confidential information or trade secrets of our clients or prospective clients, or the
confidential or proprietary information of any third party received by us and for which we have confidential
obligations. The executive officers have also agreed to disclose in confidence to us all inventions, designs and
trade secrets which they conceive, develop or reduce to practice during the executive officer’s employment
with us and to assign all right, title and interest in them to us, and assist us in obtaining and enforcing patents,
copyrights and other legal rights for these inventions, designs and trade secrets.


In addition, each executive officer has agreed to be bound by non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions
during the term of his or her employment and typically for two years following the last date of employment.
Specifically, each executive officer has agreed not to (i) approach our suppliers, clients, customers or contacts
or other persons or entities introduced to the executive officer in his or her capacity as a representative of us
for the purpose of doing business with such persons or entities that will harm our business relationships with
these persons or entities; (ii) assume employment with or provide services to any of our competitors, or engage,
whether as principal, partner, licensor or otherwise, any of our competitors, without our express consent; or
(iii) seek directly or indirectly, to solicit the services of any of our employees who is employed by us on or after
the date of the executive officer’s termination, or in the year preceding such termination, without our express
consent.


We have also entered into indemnification agreements with some of our directors and executive officers,
agreeing to indemnify them against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with
claims made by reason of their being a director or officer of our company.


Share Incentive Plans
Our Share Incentive Plan
Our currently effective share incentive plan, or our Share Incentive Plan, was adopted in November 2014. The
number of shares reserved for future issuances under our Share Incentive Plan will be increased by a number
equal to 1% of the total number of outstanding shares as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal
year, on the first day of each fiscal year during the term of our Share Incentive Plan commencing with the


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        225
      Part I (Continued)




           fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The maximum aggregate number of our shares which may be issued
           pursuant to all awards under our Share Incentive Plan is 649,016,444 shares as of the date of this annual report,
           consisting of 106,850,910 shares that have been issued to and reserved with Fortune Rising Holdings Limited,
           and 542,165,534 shares that are reserved under our Share Incentive Plan. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited
           holds these ordinary shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the plan participants according to our
           awards under our Share Incentive Plan.


           The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of our Share Incentive Plan.


           Types of Awards. The Plan permits the awards of options, restricted shares, restricted share units or any other
           type of awards that the committee or the board decides.


           Plan Administration. Our board of directors, our compensation committee or a sub-committee designated by our
           board will administer our Share Incentive Plan. The committee or the full board of directors, as applicable, will
           determine the participants to receive awards, the type and number of awards to be granted to each participant,
           and the terms and conditions of each award grant. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited is the holder on record of
           the original award pool of 106,850,910 shares and will grant awards to plan participants and execute the award
           agreements and other related agreements with plan participants based on the instructions of the committee or
           the full board of directors who administers our Share Incentive Plan.


           Award Agreement. Awards granted under our Share Incentive Plan are evidenced by an award agreement
           that sets forth terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the award,
           the provisions applicable in the event of the grantee’s employment or service terminates, and our authority to
           unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind the award.


           Eligibility. We may grant awards to our employees, directors and consultants. However, we may grant options
           that are intended to qualify as incentive share options only to our employees.


           Acceleration of Awards upon Change in Control. If a change in control of our company occurs, the plan
           administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for (i) all awards outstanding to terminate at a specific time in
           the future and give each participant the right to exercise the vested portion of such awards during a specific
           period of time, or (ii) the purchase of any award for an amount of cash equal to the amount that could have been
           attained upon the exercise of such award, or (iii) the replacement of such award with other rights or property
           selected by the plan administrator in its sole discretion, or (iv) payment of award in cash based on the value of
           ordinary shares on the date of the change-in-control transaction plus reasonable interest.


           Vesting Schedule. In general, the plan administrator determines the vesting schedule, which is specified in the
           relevant award agreement.




226   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




Exercise of Options. The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which is stated
in the award agreement. The vested portion of option will expire if not exercised prior to the time as the
plan administrator determines at the time of its grant. However, the maximum exercisable term is the tenth
anniversary after the date of a grant.


Transfer Restrictions. Awards may not be transferred in any manner by the recipient other than by will or the
laws of descent and distribution, except as otherwise provided by the plan administrator.


Termination of Our Share Incentive Plan. Unless terminated earlier, our Share Incentive Plan will terminate
automatically on December 20, 2023. Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate the
plan subject to shareholder approval to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with applicable law.
Shareholder approval is required for any amendment to our Share Incentive Plan that (i) increases the number of
shares available under our Share Incentive Plan, or (ii) permits the plan administrator to extend the term of our
Share Incentive Plan or the exercise period for an option beyond ten years from the date of grant.


As of December 31, 2022, the awards that had been granted to our directors, officers, employees and
consultants and remained outstanding included (i) restricted share units to receive an aggregate of 71,641,054
ordinary shares, excluding restricted share units that were forfeited, cancelled, or vested after the relevant
grant date, and (ii) options to purchase an aggregate of 19,314,136 ordinary shares, excluding options that were
forfeited, cancelled, or exercised after the relevant grant date.


In May 2015, with approval of board of directors, Mr. Liu was granted an option to acquire a total of 26,000,000
Class A ordinary shares of our company, at an exercise price of US$16.70 per share or US$33.40 per ADS,
subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the award vested on each anniversary of the grant date.
The number of restricted shares, restricted share units and options that had been granted to each of our other
directors and executive officers and remained outstanding represents less than 1% of our total outstanding
ordinary shares on an as-converted basis as of February 28, 2023. The awards to our other directors and
executive officers have two-year, four-year, five-year or six-year vesting schedule, with an equal installment
vesting at the end of each calendar year following the grant or on the anniversary of the grant date. Starting from
2016, certain awards have multiple tranches with tiered vesting commencement dates from 2016 to 2020, and
each of the tranches is subject to a six-year vesting schedule.


Share Incentive Plans of our Consolidated Subsidiaries
In addition, certain of our consolidated subsidiaries approved and adopted their own share incentive plans.


JD Logistics adopted its own share incentive plans in 2018 and 2021, which permit the granting of stock
options, restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Logistics to its employees, directors and
consultants. JD Logistics granted 224,511,105 and 30,030,446 share options for the years ended December
31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu. No share option was granted
in 2022. JD Logistics also granted restricted share units to its employees, directors and consultants starting




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        227
      Part I (Continued)




           from July 2021 and granted 9,663,953 and 41,570,538 restricted share units in 2021 and 2022, respectively. In
           October 2020, options to acquire 99,186,705 ordinary shares of JD Logistics with an exercise price of US$0.01
           per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Logistics’s share incentive plan. The grant is subject to a
           6-year vesting schedule with 1/6 of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant date. Total share-based
           compensation expenses were RMB640 million, RMB1,201 million and RMB961 million (US$139 million) under
           JD Logistics’s share incentive plans for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


           JD Health adopted its own share incentive plans in 2020, which permits the granting of stock options, restricted
           share units and other types of awards of JD Health to its employees, directors and consultants. JD Health
           granted 94,770,812 share options in 2020, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu. No share option
           was granted in 2021 or 2022. JD Health also granted restricted share units to its employees, directors and
           consultants starting from January 2021, and granted 80,582,712 and 4,638,422 restricted share units in 2021
           and 2022, respectively. In October 2020, options to acquire 53,042,516 ordinary shares of JD Health with an
           exercise price of US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Health’s share incentive
           plan. The grant is subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 1/6 of the awards vesting on each anniversary
           of the grant date. Total share-based compensation expenses were RMB331 million, RMB2,561 million and
           RMB2,068 million (US$300 million) under JD Health’s share incentive plans for the years ended December 31,
           2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


           JD Property adopted its own share incentive plan in 2021, which permits the granting of stock options,
           restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Property to its employees, directors and consultants.
           JD Property granted 193,059,698 restricted share units to Mr. Liu for the year ended December 31, 2021.
           The restricted share units granted to Mr. Liu were fully vested on November 25, 2021. JD Property granted
           108,399,512 share options to its employees, directors and consultants for the year ended December 31, 2022.
           In October 2022, options to acquire 81,446,610 ordinary shares of JD Property with an exercise US$0.0000005
           per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Property’s share incentive plan and the share options
           were fully vested on October 1, 2022. Total share-based compensation expenses were RMB467 million and
           RMB354 million (US$51 million) under JD Property’s share incentive plan for the years ended December 31,
           2021 and 2022, respectively.


           JD Industrials adopted its own share incentive plan in 2021, which permits the granting of stock options,
           restricted share units and other types of awards of JD Industrials to its employees, directors and consultants.
           JD Industrials granted 90,629,636 restricted share units to Mr. Liu for the year ended December 31, 2021.
           The restricted share units granted to Mr. Liu were fully vested on December 30, 2021. JD Industrials granted
           2,660,000 share options to its employees, directors and consultants for the year ended December 31, 2022.
           Total share-based compensation expenses were RMB684 million and RMB7 million (US$1 million) under JD
           Industrials’s share incentive plan for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




228   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




C.   Board Practices
     Board of Directors
     Our board of directors consists of seven directors. A director is not required to hold any shares in our company
     by way of qualification. A director who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or
     transaction or proposed contract or transaction with our company must declare the nature of his interest at
     a meeting of the directors. Subject to the Nasdaq Rules and disqualification by the chairman of the relevant
     board meeting, a director may vote in respect of any contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction
     notwithstanding that he may be interested therein, and if he does so his vote will be counted and he may be
     counted in the quorum at the relevant board meeting at which such contract or transaction or proposed contract
     or transaction is considered. The directors may exercise all the powers of the company to borrow money and
     to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and to issue debentures or other securities
     whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the company or of any third
     party. None of our non-executive directors has a service contract with us that provides for benefits upon
     termination of service.


     Committees of the Board of Directors
     We have established four committees under the board of directors: an audit committee, a compensation
     committee, a nomination committee, and an environmental, social and governance (ESG) committee. We have
     adopted a charter for each of the four committees.


     Audit Committee
     Our audit committee consists of Louis T. Hsieh, Ming Huang and Dingbo Xu. Mr. Hsieh is the chairperson of
     our audit committee. We have determined that Mr. Hsieh, Mr. Huang and Mr. Xu satisfy the “independence”
     requirements of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The audit committee
     oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our
     company. The audit committee is responsible for, among other things:


     •    appointing the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to
          be performed by the independent auditors;


     •    reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response;


     •    discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent auditors;


     •    reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and procedures
          and any steps taken to monitor and control major financial risk exposures;


     •    reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions;


     •    meeting separately and periodically with management and the independent auditors; and


     •    monitoring compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the adequacy
          and effectiveness of our procedures to ensure proper compliance.
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        229
      Part I (Continued)




           Compensation Committee
           Our compensation committee consists of Ming Huang and Carol Yun Yau Li. Mr. Huang is the chairperson of
           our compensation committee. We have determined that Mr. Huang and Ms. Li satisfy the “independence”
           requirements of Nasdaq. The compensation committee assists the board in reviewing and approving the
           compensation structure, including all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers.
           Our chief executive officer may not be present at any committee meeting during which his compensation is
           deliberated. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


           •     reviewing and approving, or recommending to the board for its approval, the compensation for our chief
                 executive officer and other executive officers;


           •     reviewing and recommending to the board for determination with respect to the compensation of our non-
                 employee directors;


           •     reviewing periodically and approving any incentive compensation or equity plans, programs or similar
                 arrangements; and


           •     selecting compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser only after taking into consideration all
                 factors relevant to that person’s independence from management.


           Nomination Committee
           Our nomination committee consists of Dingbo Xu, Louis T. Hsieh and Caroline Scheufele. Mr. Xu is the
           chairperson of our nomination committee. Mr. Xu, Mr. Hsieh and Ms. Scheufele satisfy the “independence”
           requirements of Nasdaq. The nomination committee assists the board of directors in selecting individuals
           qualified to become our directors and in determining the composition of the board and its committees. The
           nomination committee is responsible for, among other things:


           •     selecting and recommending to the board nominees for election by the shareholders or appointment by
                 the board;


           •     reviewing annually with the board the current composition of the board with regards to characteristics such
                 as independence, knowledge, skills, experience and diversity; and


           •     making recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring the
                 functioning of the committees of the board.




230   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee
Our ESG committee consists of Richard Qiangdong Liu, Dingbo Xu and Carol Yun Yau Li. Mr. Liu is the
chairperson of our ESG committee. The ESG committee assists the board of the directors in overseeing the ESG
matters relevant to our Company. The ESG committee is responsible for, among other things:


•    reviewing the formulation of our ESG vision, strategies, and plans, the progress of our ESG-related practice
     and internal control system, the objectives and implementation of our ESG-related work, as well as our
     annual ESG report; and


•    advising the board periodically with regards to significant developments in the law and practice of
     corporate governance as well as our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and making
     recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any remedial action to
     be taken.
Terms of Directors and Executive Officers
Our officers are elected by the board of directors. Our directors are appointed either by an ordinary resolution
of our shareholders, or by a resolution of our board of directors (including the affirmative vote of Mr. Richard
Qiangdong Liu for so long as he is a director). Our non-independent directors are not subject to a term of office
and hold office until such time as they are removed from office by ordinary resolution of the shareholders. Our
independent directors are subject to a contractual one-year term, which may be renewed for one additional year,
unless either party provides a prior written notice to the other party before the initial term expires indicating the
intention not to renew. A director will cease to be a director if, among other things, the director (i) becomes
bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors; (ii) dies or is found by our company to
be or becomes of unsound mind; (iii) resigns his office by notice in writing to our company; (iv) without special
leave of absence from our board of directors, is absent from meetings of our board of directors for three
consecutive meetings and the board resolves that his office be vacated; or (v) is removed from office pursuant
to any other provision of our memorandum and articles of association.


Board Diversity Matrix


                                              Board Diversity Matrix

Country of Principal Executive Offices:                                  People’s Republic of China

Foreign Private Issuer                                                               Yes

Disclosure Prohibited Under Home Country Law                                         No

Total Number of Directors                                                             7




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         231
      Part I (Continued)




                                                                                                                      Did Not
                                                                                                                      Disclose
                                                                                Female        Male       Non Binary   Gender
           Part I: Gender Identity

           Directors                                                                2          5            N/A         N/A

           Part II: Demographic Background

           Underrepresented Individual in Home Country
               Jurisdiction                                                                          —
           LGBTQ+                                                                                    —
           Did Not Disclose Demographic Background                                                   1


      D.   Employees
           As of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, we had a total of 314,906, 385,357 and 450,679 employees,
           respectively. The following is a breakdown of our employees as of December 31, 2022 by function:


           Function                                                                                                    Number

           Procurement                                                                                                   21,603
           Warehouses                                                                                                    59,801
           Delivery                                                                                                     302,370
           Customer Service                                                                                              26,033
           Research and Development                                                                                      15,534
           Sales and Marketing                                                                                           15,125
           General and Administrative                                                                                    10,213

           TOTAL                                                                                                        450,679


           *      The number of employees shown above excludes part-time staff and interns.


           With so many employees, we place great emphasis on our corporate culture to ensure that we maintain
           consistently high standards everywhere we operate.


           We invest resources in the recruitment of employees in support of our fast-growing business operations. In
           2022, we recruited new employees in connection with the expansion of our business, and we will continue to
           invest resources in training, managing and motivating our workforce. In 2022, we have invested a considerable
           amount of resources in employee career development and training. We have clear talent criteria and have
           applied them to the whole process of talent management. In the talent management activities throughout
           the year, we not only pay attention to the improvement of employees’ ability and quality, but also pay special


232   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




     attention to incentive development, in particularly emphasized the mindset of “contributor-oriented”, so that
     to enable all kinds of talents to have a “sense of goal” and “sense of fulfillment”. We lay special emphasis
     on the building of talent pipeline and the building of organizational cultural cohesion. We have established a
     comprehensive employee training and development system covering leadership, general competencies, and
     professional competencies. Our comprehensive training program covers corporate culture, employee rights
     and responsibilities, team building, professional behavior, job performance, management skills, leadership, and
     administrative decision-making. As of December 31, 2022, over 1,100 management trainees had undergone our
     dedicated management training program.


     We also sponsored selected senior and mid-level managers to participate in part-time EMBA programs. In
     addition, we launched “Go to college in JD” program in association with well-known universities in November
     2013. All employees are eligible to join the program voluntarily and get scholarship from us once they obtain
     their bachelor’s or master’s diploma, or have opportunity to apply an interest-free loan for their tuition fees from
     us. To boost our strategy of exploring oversea markets, we also have been recruiting international management
     trainees who are MBA graduates from top universities worldwide.


     As required by regulations in China, we participate in various government statutory employee benefit
     plans, including social insurance funds, namely a pension contribution plan, a medical insurance plan, an
     unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan and a maternity insurance plan, and a
     housing provident fund. We are required under PRC law to contribute to employee benefit plans at specified
     percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our employees up to a maximum amount
     specified by the local government from time to time.


     We enter into standard labor contracts with our employees. We also enter into standard confidentiality and non-
     compete agreements with our senior management. The non-compete restricted period typically expires within
     two years after the termination of employment, and we agree to compensate the employee with a certain
     percentage of his or her pre-departure salary during the restricted period.


     We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any
     major labor disputes.


E.   Share Ownership
     The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of
     February 28, 2023 by:


     •    each of our directors and executive officers; and


     •    each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our total outstanding shares.


     The calculations in the table below are based on 3,147,816,729 ordinary shares outstanding as of February 28,
     2023, comprising of (i) 2,761,442,006 Class A ordinary shares, excluding the 31,856,338 Class A ordinary shares
     issued to our depositary bank for bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuances upon the exercise or
     vesting of awards granted under our Share Incentive Plan, and (ii) 386,374,723 Class B ordinary shares.
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        233
      Part I (Continued)




           Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In computing the
           number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership and voting power percentage
           of that person, we have included shares and associated votes that the person has the right to acquire within 60
           days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or other right or the conversion of any other security.
           These shares and associated votes, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage ownership
           of any other person. Ordinary shares held by a shareholder are determined in accordance with our register of
           members.


                                                      Class A                Class B                              % of Total                   % of
                                                    Ordinary                Ordinary Total Ordinary                 Ordinary           Aggregate
                                                       Shares                Shares              Shares                Shares       Voting Power

           Directors and Executive
                Officers:
           Richard Qiangdong Liu                  32,174,550(1)       368,007,423(1)       400,181,973(1)                 12.7(1)               73.9(2)
           Lei Xu                                             *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           Ming Huang         (3)
                                                              *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           Louis T. Hsieh           (4)
                                                              *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           Dingbo Xu(5)                                       *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           Caroline Scheufele(6)                              *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           Carol Yun Yau Li               (7)
                                                              *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           Sandy Ran Xu                                       *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           Pang Zhang                                         *                     —                    *                    *                     *
           All Directors and
                Executive Officers as a
                Group                             33,097,486          368,007,423          401,104,909                    12.7                  73.9(2)
           Principal Shareholders:
           Max Smart Limited(8)                   22,974,550          368,007,423          390,981,973                    12.4                  70.4
           Walmart(9)                           289,053,746                         —      289,053,746                      9.2                  2.8
           Fortune Rising Holdings
                Limited(10)                                  —          18,367,300          18,367,300                      0.6                  3.5


           *       Less than 1% of our total outstanding ordinary shares.


           **      Except for Mr. Ming Huang, Mr. Louis T. Hsieh, Mr. Dingbo Xu, Ms. Caroline Scheufele and Ms. Carol Yun Yau Li, the business address
                   of our directors and executive officers is JD national headquarters at No. 18 Kechuang 11 Street, Yizhuang Economic and Technological
                   Development Zone, Daxing District, Beijing 101111, P.R. China.




234   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                      Part I (Continued)




(1)    Represents (i) 368,007,423 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited, (ii) 11,487,275 ADSs, representing 22,974,550 Class
       A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited, and (iii) 9,200,000 Class A ordinary shares that Mr. Liu had the right to acquire upon exercise
       of options that shall have become vested within 60 days after February 28, 2023. As of February 28, 2023, Mr. Liu has not exercised his right
       to acquire such Class A ordinary shares. Max Smart Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by Mr. Richard Qiangdong
       Liu through a trust and of which Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole director, as described in footnote (8) below. The ordinary shares
       beneficially owned by Mr. Liu do not include 18,367,300 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, a British Virgin
       Islands company, as described in footnote (10) below. Mr. Liu will donate 62,376,643 Class B ordinary shares of the Company to a third-party
       foundation for charitable purposes. Assuming the donation had been completed as of February 28, 2023, Mr. Liu would have beneficially
       owned a total of 337,805,330 ordinary shares, representing 10.7% of our total outstanding ordinary shares, and the voting power of the
       shares beneficially owned would represented 69.9% of the total outstanding voting power.


(2)    The aggregate voting power includes the voting power with respect to the 18,367,300 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising
       Holdings Limited. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited and he may
       be deemed to beneficially own the voting power with respect to all of the ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited in
       accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, notwithstanding the facts described in footnote (10) below.


(3)    The business address of Mr. Huang is China Europe International Business School, 699 Hongfeng Road, Pudong District, Shanghai
       201206, China.


(4)    The business address of Mr. Hsieh is Tower 2,37-B, I Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


(5)    The business address of Professor Xu is China Europe International Business School, 699 Hongfeng Road, Pudong, Shanghai 201206, China.


(6)    The business address of Ms. Scheufele is Chopard & Cie SA, Rue de Veyrot 8, 1217 Meyrin, Switzerland.


(7)    The business address of Ms. Li is Tower B 36/F, 8 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China.


(8)    Represents (i) 368,007,423 Class B ordinary shares directly held by Max Smart Limited and (ii) 11,487,275 ADSs, representing 22,974,550
       Class A ordinary shares, held by Max Smart Limited. Max Smart Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by Mr.
       Richard Qiangdong Liu through a trust and of which Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole director. The registered address of Max Smart
       Limited is P.O. Box 957, Offshore Incorporations Centre, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.


(9)    Based on the information provided by Walmart, represents (i) 144,952,250 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 72,050,748 ADSs, representing
       144,101,496 Class A ordinary shares, owned jointly by (i) Walmart, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, (ii)
       Newheight Holdings Ltd., or Newheight, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and (iii) Qomolangma Holdings Ltd.,
       or Qomolangma, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Walmart wholly owns each of Qomolangma and Newheight
       indirectly through a number of other wholly-owned subsidiaries. Newheight is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qomolangma. The address of the
       principal business office of Walmart is 702 S.W. Eighth Street, Bentonville, Arkansas 72716. The address of the principal business office of
       both Newheight and Qomolangma is 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands.


(10)   Represents 18,367,300 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited holds these Class
       B ordinary shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the plan participants according to our awards under our Share Incentive
       Plan, and administers the awards and acts according to our instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited exercises the voting power with
       respect to these shares according to our instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.
       Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. The registered address of
       Fortune Rising Holdings Limited is P.O. Box 957, Offshore Incorporations Centre, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022               235
      Part I (Continued)




           To our knowledge, as of February 28, 2023, a total of 913,678,527 Class A ordinary shares were held by four
           record holders in the United States, representing approximately 28.7% of our total issued shares on an as-
           converted basis (including the 31,856,338 Class A ordinary shares issued to our depositary bank for bulk
           issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuances upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under our
           Share Incentive Plan and the Class A ordinary shares held in our Hong Kong register of members). One of these
           holders is Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary of our ADS program, which held 32.7% of
           our Class A ordinary shares on record, representing approximately 28.7% of our total issued shares on record
           as of February 28, 2023 (including the 31,856,338 Class A ordinary shares issued to it for bulk issuance of ADSs
           reserved for future issuances upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under our Share Incentive Plan and
           the Class A ordinary shares held in our Hong Kong register of members). The number of beneficial owners of our
           ADSs in the United States is likely to be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in
           the United States.

           Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Holders of Class
           A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to
           twenty votes per share. Holders of Class A and Class B ordinary shares vote together as one class on all matters
           subject to a shareholders’ vote. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any
           time by the holder thereof, while Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under
           any circumstance. See “Additional Information — Memorandum and Articles of Association” for a more detailed
           description of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares.

           On March 25, 2022, Tencent, through Huang River Investment Limited, completed a distribution of
           approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares of our company owned by Tencent to its shareholders.
           Based on the information provided by Tencent in its report on Schedule 13D/A filed with SEC on March 30,
           2022, Tencent’s shareholding in us was approximately 2.3%, and the shareholders of Tencent who receive our
           shares in the distribution have become our shareholders. We and Tencent will continue to maintain our mutually
           beneficial business relationship, including our ongoing strategic partnership agreement. See “Information on the
           Company — History and Development of the Company — Our Strategic Cooperations — Strategic Cooperation
           with Tencent.”

           Except for the above, we are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change
           of control of our company.

      F.   Disclosure of A Registrant’s Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation
           Not applicable.


      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
      A.   Major Shareholders
           Please refer to “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Share Ownership.”




236   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




B.   Related Party Transactions
     Contractual Arrangements with the Consolidated Variable Interest Entities and Their Shareholders
     PRC laws and regulations currently limit foreign ownership of companies that engage in businesses such as
     value-added telecommunications service business in China. Due to these restrictions, we operate our relevant
     business through contractual arrangements with the consolidated variable interest entities. For a description of
     these contractual arrangements, see “Information on the Company — Organizational Structure.”


     Agreements and Business Cooperation with Tencent
     On March 25, 2022, Tencent completed a distribution of approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares
     of our company owned by Tencent to its shareholders, and its shareholding in us changed to approximately
     2.3% at the time, and the shareholders of Tencent who receive our shares in the distribution have become our
     shareholders. We and Tencent continue to maintain our mutually beneficial business relationship, including our
     ongoing strategic partnership agreement.


     Strategic Cooperation Agreement. On March 10, 2014, we entered into a strategic cooperation agreement
     and formed a strategic partnership with Tencent. As part of the strategic partnership, Tencent agreed to offer
     us prominent access points in its mobile apps Weixin and Mobile QQ and provide internet traffic and other
     support from other key platforms to us. The two parties agreed to cooperate in a number of areas including
     mobile-related products, social networking services, membership systems and payment solutions. The strategic
     cooperation agreement had a term of five years and applies within the territory of the Greater China. Under
     the strategic cooperation agreement, we are Tencent’s preferred partner for all physical goods e-commerce
     businesses, and Tencent agrees not to engage in any retail or managed marketplace business model in physical
     goods e-commerce businesses in the Greater China and a few selected international markets for a period of
     eight years, other than through its controlled affiliate Shanghai Icson.


     On May 10, 2019, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for a period of three years
     starting from May 27, 2019. Tencent continued to offer us prominent level 1 and level 2 access points on its
     Weixin platform to provide traffic support, and the two companies also intend to continue to cooperate in a
     number of areas including communications, advertising and membership services, among others. Such traffic
     support, advertising spending and other cooperation amounted to over US$800 million, which was paid or spent
     over the next three years. We agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for a
     total consideration of approximately US$250 million at prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates
     during the three-year period, of which 8,127,302, 2,938,584 and 1,914,998 of our Class A ordinary shares were
     issued in May 2019, May 2020 and June 2021, respectively.


     On June 29, 2022, we renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent for another period of three
     years. Tencent continues to offer us prominent Level 1 and Level 2 access points on its Weixin platform to
     provide traffic support, and we also continue to cooperate in a number of areas including communications,
     technology services, marketing and advertising, and membership services, among others. The value of such
     cooperation is to be paid or spent in cash and in the form of our shares combined over the next three years. As a
     part of the total consideration, we agreed to issue to Tencent a certain number of our Class A ordinary shares for




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        237
      Part I (Continued)




           a consideration of up to US$220 million by reference to prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates
           during the three-year period, of which 2,164,326 of our Class A ordinary shares were issued in July 2022.


           Business Cooperation with Tencent. In 2020, we generated RMB355 million commission services revenues
           from cooperation on advertising business with Tencent, RMB375 million revenues from services provided to and
           products sold to Tencent, and purchased a total amount of RMB3,226 million advertising resources and payment
           processing services from Tencent. In 2021, we generated RMB248 million commission services revenues
           from cooperation on advertising business with Tencent, RMB553 million revenues from services provided to
           and products sold to Tencent, and purchased a total amount of RMB5,010 million advertising resources and
           payment processing services from Tencent. Tencent ceased to be a related party of us since March 2022 when
           it completed the distribution of our Class A ordinary shares to its shareholders and reduced its shareholding in
           us. In the period from January to March 2022, we generated RMB44 million (US$6 million) commission services
           revenues from cooperation on advertising business with Tencent, RMB77 million (US$11 million) revenues
           from services provided to and products sold to Tencent, and purchased a total amount of RMB1,314 million
           (US$191 million) advertising resources and payment processing services from Tencent.


           Agreements and Transactions Relating to JD Technology
           On March 1, 2017, we entered into a framework agreement, or the Framework Agreement, and an intellectual
           property license and software technology services agreement, or the JD Technology IPLA, with JD Technology,
           and certain entities controlled by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our chairman, in connection with the reorganization
           of JD Technology. As of June 30, 2017, the reorganization of JD Technology had been completed. As a result,
           we disposed of all of our 68.6% equity interest in JD Technology and deconsolidated the financial results of
           JD Technology from ours since then. Pursuant to the agreements, we received approximately RMB14.3 billion
           in cash upon transaction closing with an economic gain of RMB14.2 billion and 40% of the future pre-tax profit
           of JD Technology when JD Technology has a positive pre-tax income on a cumulative basis. We did not receive
           any profits from JD Technology under the profit-sharing arrangement, as JD Technology did not have a positive
           pre-tax income on a cumulative basis during the effective period of the profit-sharing arrangement. In addition,
           pursuant to the Framework Agreement, we are able to convert our profit sharing right with respect to JD
           Technology into 40% of JD Technology’s equity interest, subject to applicable regulatory approvals. The above
           percentage of profit sharing and maximum equity interest issuance to us, which we refer to as the Maximum
           Interest, is subject to potential proportional dilution as a result of any future equity financings or ESOP increases
           of JD Technology. In connection with JD Technology’s additional round of financing in 2018, the Maximum
           Interest was diluted to approximately 36%.


           In June 2020, we entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which we have, through a
           consolidated PRC domestic company, acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by
           converting our profit sharing right to the Maximum Interest and investing additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in
           JD Technology. The Framework Agreement, including the profit-sharing arrangement between JD Technology
           and us, was terminated, and JD Technology has become our equity method investee. In connection with the
           acquisition of equity interests in JD Technology, we have entered into agreements with JD Technology which
           set forth the rights of us as a shareholder. Pursuant to these agreements, we continue to enjoy substantially
           all the rights that we had under the Framework Agreement; provided that certain rights such as the right to


238   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




liquidity event payment had been terminated upon our conversion of the profit sharing right into equity interest
in JD Technology.


On June 20, 2020, the shareholders of JD Technology passed a unanimous resolution to restructure JD
Technology as a company limited by shares and adopt the dual class voting structure. The shares held by Mr.
Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan, an entity controlled by Mr. Liu, were entitled to ten
votes per share, while Mr. Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan must abstain from voting on any related party
transaction with JD Technology. As a result of this dual class voting structure, as of December 31, 2022,
we held approximately 22.1% voting power, and Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and Suqian Linghang Fangyuan
together held 52.4% of the total voting power of JD Technology.


On March 31, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the reorganization of
JD Cloud & AI. Pursuant to the definitive agreements, we transferred JD Cloud & AI and certain assets together
valued at approximately RMB15.7 billion to JD Technology, in exchange for newly issued ordinary shares of JD
Technology. To support the smooth business transition of JD Cloud & AI, we also transferred some equipment
and reserved some restricted share units of us for the employees of JD Cloud & AI, for which JD Technology
paid cash consideration. Upon completion of the transactions on March 31, 2021, JD Cloud & AI was
deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements, and our equity interest in JD Technology increased
from 36.8% to 41.7%.


Please see “Information on the Company — History and Development of the Company” for further information.


Set forth below is a summary of the key provisions of the currently effective material agreements between us
and JD Technology.


Shareholders Agreement. The shareholders agreement of JD Technology provides for certain special rights,
including preemptive right and right to consent for certain matters and contains provisions governing the board
of directors and other corporate governance matters.


Non-Compete Agreement. We and JD Technology have each agreed to certain limitations on our respective
ability to enter into or participate in the same line of business as the other party. JD Technology may not
engage in the e-commerce business conducted by us or our subsidiaries without our prior written consent,
unless we and JD Technology are no longer under the common control of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu. Without
the prior written consent of JD Technology, we are restricted from engaging in the financial products, financial
derivatives, and other financial-related businesses operated by JD Technology and its subsidiaries, including
consumer finance, supply chain finance, third party payment, factoring, insurance brokerage and agency, crowd
funding (including product and equity crowd funding), wealth management, securities brokerage, banking,
financial leasing, asset management, and credit reporting, unless we and JD Technology are no longer under the
common control of Mr. Liu. We, however, may make passive investments in competing businesses which we
do not control.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        239
      Part I (Continued)




           Business Transactions with JD Technology and its Subsidiaries
           JD Technology is a related party controlled by our chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Richard Qiangdong
           Liu, through his equity stake and voting arrangements in JD Technology. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, we
           provided services and sold goods to JD Technology in a total amount of RMB598 million, RMB882 million and
           RMB2,506 million (US$363 million), respectively. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, we received payment processing
           and other services provided by JD Technology in the amount of MB6,945 million, RMB8,762 million and
           RMB11,494 million (US$1,666 million), respectively. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, interest income in the amount of
           RMB31 million, RMB253 million and RMB301 million (US$44 million) was recognized in relation to the financial
           support provided to JD Technology by us, respectively. Based on a series of agreements signed on January 1,
           2016, JD Technology will perform the credit risk assessment services and earn fees for providing such services,
           and JD Technology will purchase the consumer financing receivables past due over certain agreed period of time
           from us at carrying values without recourse and also agree to bear other cost directly related to the consumer
           financing to absorb the risks. In connection with the agreements, the total amount of over-due receivables
           related to the consumer financing transferred from us to JD Technology were RMB493 million, RMB77 million
           and RMB237 million (US$34 million) for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


           We also transferred certain financial assets to JD Technology without recourse at fair value. The amount
           of accounts receivables transferred without recourse in 2020, 2021 and 2022 were RMB33,406 million,
           RMB43,299 million and RMB50,282 million (US$7,290 million), respectively, and were derecognized.


           As of December 31, 2022, we had a total amount of RMB2,741 million (US$397 million) due from JD
           Technology.


           Transactions with Our Equity Investees and Other Related Parties
           Business Transaction and Non-compete Obligation with Dada. In April 2016, we contributed certain resources
           and US$200 million in cash in exchange for newly issued equity interest in Dada. On the completion date of the
           transaction, the traffic support, marketing and promotion services to be provided to Dada which had a fair value
           of approximately US$67 million were recorded as deferred revenues and would be recognized as net service
           revenues, and the non-compete obligation with Dada which had a fair value of approximately US$83 million
           were recorded as other liabilities and would be recognized as other income over a period of seven years on a
           straight line basis starting from May 2016. In 2020, 2021 and the period from January to February, 2022, other
           income in the amount of RMB82 million, RMB77 million and RMB13 million (US$2 million) had been recognized,
           respectively. In 2020, 2021 and the period from January to February, 2022, we provided services and sold goods
           to Dada in a total amount of RMB179 million, RMB523 million and RMB135 million (US$20 million), respectively,
           and in the same periods, we also received services from Dada in a total amount of RMB2,200 million, RMB1,087
           million and RMB212 million (US$31 million), respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately
           53% issued and outstanding shares of Dada.




240   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                         Part I (Continued)




On March 22, 2021, we, through a subsidiary, entered into a share subscription agreement with Dada, and
further entered into an amendment to share subscription agreement on February 25, 2022, under which Dada
issued to us 109,215,017 ordinary shares, for a total consideration of (i) an aggregate purchase price of US$546
million in cash, and (ii) our signing and delivery of a business cooperation agreement to Dada, pursuant to
which we will provide certain strategic resources to Dada, at a closing that occurred on February 28, 2022.
Immediately following the closing, we held approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and
began to consolidate the financial results of Dada into ours. Dada ceased to be a related party of us since
February, 2022.


Business Transactions with the Property Funds. JD Property, our infrastructure asset management and
integrated service platform, owns, develops and manages our logistics facilities and other real estate properties
to support JD Logistics and third parties. Since 2019, we entered into definitive agreements with the Property
Funds, pursuant to which we sold certain of our completed and uncompleted logistics facilities.


For the logistics facilities under the Property Funds that met the closing conditions, we recorded a disposal
gain of RMB1.6 billion, RMB0.8 billion and RMB1.4 billion (US$0.2 billion) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
We will derecognize the remaining logistics facilities upon satisfaction of the hand-over condition. In addition,
subsequent to the disposition, we have leased back the completed facilities from the Property Funds for
operational purposes, and JD Property has started serving as the asset manager managing the Property Funds’
assets. We will also lease back some of the facilities that sale to the Property Funds for operational purposes
when such facility has been completed. See also “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — Operating
Results — Selected Statements of Operations Items — Gain on sale of development properties.” We received
lease and property management services from the Property Funds in a total amount of RMB838 million,
RMB1,180 million and RMB1,249 million (US$181 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Interest income
in the amount of RMB49 million, RMB39 million and RMB43 million (US$6 million) were recognized in 2020,
2021 and 2022, respectively, in connection with our financial support provided to the Property Funds. As of
December 31, 2022, we had an amount of RMB2,814 million (US$408 million) due from the Property Funds.


Business Transactions with ATRenew and its subsidiaries, or ATRenew Group. ATRenew Group is an equity
investee of us, and its ADSs commenced trading on the NYSE in June 2021. In June 2019, we completed
an investment of approximately RMB3.38 billion in ATRenew, an online second-hand consumer electronics
trading platform. In connection with this investment, we merged our Paipai Secondhand business with and
into ATRenew with certain exclusive traffic resources for the next five years, and additionally invested a
certain amount of cash in exchange for additional preferred shares of ATRenew. In September and December
2020, we completed further investment in existing and newly issued preferred shares of ATRenew for a cash
consideration of RMB401 million. Upon the completion of the transaction, the traffic support, marketing and
promotion services to be provided to ATRenew Group were recorded as deferred revenues and would be
recognized as net service revenues over the cooperation period of five years on a straight line basis starting
from June 2019. In addition, we made an additional investment of RMB129 million in ATRenew in April 2021
and RMB321 million to acquire its ADSs in connection with its initial public offering in June 2021. The ADSs




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        241
      Part I (Continued)




           of ATRenew commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange in June 2021. As of December 31, 2022,
           we owned approximately 33% issued and outstanding shares of ATRenew. As of December 31, 2022, we had
           a total amount of RMB610 million (US$88 million) deferred revenues in relation to traffic support, marketing
           and promotion services to be provided to ATRenew Group. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, we provided services
           and sold goods to ATRenew Group in a total amount of RMB664 million, RMB894 million and RMB806 million
           (US$117 million), respectively. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, we also received services from ATRenew Group in a
           total amount of RMB32 million, RMB31 million and RMB4 million (US$1 million), respectively. As of December
           31, 2022, we had an amount of RMB22 million (US$3 million) due from ATRenew Group.


           Our transactions with equity investees other than those discussed above were insignificant, individually or in the
           aggregate, in each of the past three fiscal years.


           Our revenues from related parties, excluding those from the major related parties as described above,
           represented approximately 0.15%, 0.24% and 0.26% of total net revenues of our company for the years ended
           December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Transactions with related parties included in operating
           expenses, excluding those with the major related parties as described above, represented 0.28%, 0.17% and
           0.13% of total operating expenses of our company for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022,
           respectively.


           In addition, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, our chairman since inception and the chief executive officer since
           inception to April 2022, has purchased his own aircraft for both business and personal use. The use of the
           aircraft in connection with the performance of his duty as employee is free of charge to us, and we have agreed
           to assume the cost of maintenance, crew and operations of the aircraft relating to the use of the aircraft. Such
           maintenance and incidental costs were insignificant for all periods presented.


           Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements
           See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation.”


           Share Incentives
           See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation.”


      C.   Interests of Experts and Counsel
           Not applicable.




242   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                Part I (Continued)




Financial Information
A.   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information
     We have appended consolidated financial statements filed as part of this annual report.


     Legal Proceedings
     From time to time, we may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or administrative proceedings relating to third-
     party and principal intellectual property infringement claims, contract disputes involving suppliers and third-party
     merchants, consumer protection claims, claims relating to data and privacy protection, employment related
     disputes, unfair competition and other matters in the ordinary course of our business.


     As we routinely enter into business contracts with our suppliers, third-party merchants and consumers on our
     platform, we have been and may continue to be involved in legal proceedings arising from contract or other
     disputes, including being named as a co-defendant in lawsuits filed against our suppliers by third parties.
     For example, in July and August 2019, Shanghai Gopher Asset Management Co., Ltd., or Gopher, and Noah
     (Shanghai) Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., or Noah, filed two separate lawsuits in Shanghai, requesting the court
     to enforce the fulfillment of payment obligations by Jingdong Century, one of our subsidiaries, to Gopher
     and Noah, respectively, under certain accounts receivable assignment confirmation letters allegedly signed
     by Jingdong Century. These two lawsuits relate to similar subject matters, and the plaintiffs allege that
     (i) Jingdong Century was a party to certain purchase agreements with its two suppliers, Guangdong Chengxing
     Holding Group Co., Ltd., or Guangdong Chengxing, and Guangdong Zhongcheng Industry Holding Co., Ltd., or
     Guangdong Zhongcheng, and has payment obligations to these two suppliers under these agreements; and
     (ii) Jingdong Century confirmed and agreed to certain accounts receivable assignment confirmation letters (by
     affixing its seal to the letter) delivered by the plaintiffs and the two suppliers when the two suppliers assigned
     their rights under the purchase agreements to the plaintiffs. Jingdong Century did not confirm the accounts
     receivable assignment confirmation letters as alleged by the plaintiffs. In addition, Jingdong Century’s corporate
     seal that was allegedly affixed to the purchase agreements and accounts receivable assignment confirmation
     letters as claimed in these two cases is inconsistent with the corporate seal of Jingdong Century filed with
     the competent PRC government authority. Recently, the two plaintiffs have amended their claims seeking
     an aggregate of RMB3.5 billion damages on the basis of tort liability. We believe these lawsuits are without
     merit and we will continue to defend ourselves vigorously. There is uncertainty, however, regarding the timing
     or ultimate resolution of these lawsuits and the other legal proceedings in which we are involved. See “Key
     Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — We may be subject to legal, regulatory and/or
     administrative proceedings.”


     Dividend Policy
     Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to distribute dividends subject to our current
     memorandum and articles of association and certain restrictions under Cayman Islands law. In addition,
     our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare dividends, but no dividend may exceed the amount
     recommended by our directors. Under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out
     of either profit or share premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        243
      Part I (Continued)




           result in the company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Even if
           our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future
           operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
           and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant.


           On May 4, 2022, our board of directors approved a special cash dividend of US$0.63 per ordinary share, or
           US$1.26 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs, respectively. The aggregate amount of
           the special dividend was approximately US$2.0 billion. In March 2023, our board of directors approved a cash
           dividend of US$0.31 per ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs.
           The aggregate amount of the cash dividend was approximately US$1.0 billion. In addition, we plan to adopt an
           annual dividend policy, under which we may choose to declare and distribute a cash dividend each year, at an
           amount determined in relation to our financial performance in the previous fiscal year, among other factors.
           The determination to make dividend distributions in any particular year will be made at the discretion of our
           board of directors based upon factors such as our results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, capital
           requirements and other considerations that the board deems relevant.


           We are a holding company registered by way of continuation under the laws of the Cayman Islands. We may
           rely on dividends from our subsidiaries in China for our cash requirements, including any payment of dividends
           to our shareholders. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. See
           “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — We may rely on dividends and
           other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may
           have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and
           adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.”


           If we pay any dividends on our ordinary shares, we will pay those dividends which are payable in respect of the
           ordinary shares underlying our ADSs to the depositary, as the registered holder of such ordinary shares, and
           the depositary will then pay such amounts to our ADS holders in proportion to the ordinary shares underlying
           the ADSs held by such ADS holders, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, including the fees and
           expenses payable thereunder. Cash dividends on our ordinary shares, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars.


      B.   Significant Changes
           Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant changes since the
           date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.




244   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




The Offer and Listing
A.   Offering and Listing Details
     Our ADSs, each representing two of our Class A ordinary shares, have been listed on Nasdaq since May 22,
     2014. Our ADSs trade under the symbol “JD.”


     Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under the
     stock code “9618.”


B.   Plan of Distribution
     Not applicable.


C.   Markets
     Our ADSs have been listed on Nasdaq since May 22, 2014 under the symbol “JD.”


     Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 18, 2020 under the
     stock code “9618.”


D.   Selling Shareholders
     Not applicable.


E.   Dilution
     Not applicable.


F.   Expenses of the Issue
     Not applicable.


Additional Information
A.   Share Capital
     Not applicable.


B.   Memorandum and Articles of Association
     We are a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability and our affairs are governed by our
     memorandum and articles of association, as amended and restated from time to time, and the Companies Act
     (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, which is referred to as the Companies Act below, and the common law of
     the Cayman Islands.


     The following are summaries of material provisions of our current memorandum and articles of association,
     which were adopted by a special resolution passed at the annual general meeting of our company held on
     June 23, 2021, insofar as they relate to the material terms of our ordinary shares.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022     245
      Part I (Continued)




           Registered Office and Objects
           Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited at
           PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other location within the
           Cayman Islands as our board of directors may from time to time decide. The objects for which our company is
           established are unrestricted and we have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the
           Companies Act, as amended from time to time, or any other law of the Cayman Islands.

           Board of Directors
           See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices.”

           Ordinary Shares
           General. All of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares are fully paid and non-assessable.

           Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form, and are issued when registered in our register of members.
           Our shareholders who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and vote their ordinary shares.
           Our company will issue only non-negotiable shares, and will not issue bearer or negotiable shares.

           Ordinary Shares. Our ordinary shares are divided into Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares.
           Holders of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will have the same rights except for voting
           and conversion rights. Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form. Our shareholders who are non-
           residents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and vote their shares.

           Conversion. Each Class B ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share at any time by the holder
           thereof. Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into Class B ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon
           (i) any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of Class B ordinary shares or the voting power
           attached to Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof through voting proxy or otherwise to any person or
           entity that is not an Affiliate (as defined in our current memorandum and articles of association) of such holder,
           or (ii) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of a majority of the issued and outstanding
           voting securities or the voting power attached to such voting securities or the sale, transfer, assignment or
           disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a holder of Class B ordinary shares that is an entity to any
           person or entity that is not an Affiliate of such holder, such Class B ordinary shares will be automatically and
           immediately converted into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares. All Class B ordinary shares will be
           automatically and immediately converted into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares when Mr. Richard
           Qiangdong Liu ceases to be a director and the chief executive officer of our company, or in some other specified
           situations as set out in our memorandum and articles of association.

           Dividends. The holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board
           of directors. In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may
           exceed the amount recommended by our directors. Under Cayman Islands law, dividends may be declared and
           paid only out of funds legally available therefor, namely out of either profit or our share premium account, and
           provided further that a dividend may not be paid if this would result in our company being unable to pay its debts
           as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Dividends received by each Class B ordinary share and Class
           A ordinary share in any dividend distribution shall be the same.


246   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Voting Rights. Our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, except as may otherwise be required by law or provided for
in our current memorandum and articles of association. In respect of matters requiring shareholders’ vote, on
a poll, each Class A ordinary share is entitled to one vote, and each Class B ordinary share is entitled to twenty
votes. Voting at any shareholders’ meeting is by show of hands unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of
the result of the show of hands) demanded. A poll may be demanded by the chairman of such meeting or any
shareholder holding not less than 10% of the votes of the issued and outstanding voting shares in our company
present in person or by proxy.


A quorum required for a meeting of shareholders consists of one or more shareholders present in person or by
proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized representative, and holding shares
which represent, in aggregate, (i) not less than 10% of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares
of our Company, for as long as the shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or (ii) otherwise
not less than one-third of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares of our company and entitled
to vote, present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized
representative, shall be quorum for all purposes. Shareholders may be present in person or by proxy or, if the
shareholder is a legal entity, by its duly authorized representative.


An ordinary resolution to be passed by the shareholders requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority
of the votes cast by those shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general
meeting. Holders of the ordinary shares may, among other things, divide or consolidate their shares by ordinary
resolution. A special resolution requires the affirmative vote of no less than two-thirds of the votes cast by those
shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general meeting. A special resolution
will be required for important matters such as a change of name or making changes to our current memorandum
and articles of association. Both ordinary resolutions and special resolutions may also be passed by a unanimous
written resolution signed by all the shareholders of our company, as permitted by the Companies Act and our
current memorandum and articles of association.


Under our current memorandum and articles of association, so long as the total issued and outstanding
Class B ordinary shares constitute a majority of our aggregate voting rights of our company and shareholders
of our company immediately prior to the completion of our initial public offering (exclusive of Max Smart
Limited, Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and their Affiliates) hold a majority of
our total issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, any amendments to our current memorandum and
articles of association and certain related party transactions between Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu or any of his
immediate family members or Affiliates, on one hand, and our company or any of our company’s subsidiaries
or consolidated affiliated entities on the other hand, require approval by both (i) holders of a majority of the
total issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (exclusive of Max Smart Limited, Fortune Rising Holdings
Limited, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu and their Affiliates) and (ii) holders of a majority of our aggregate voting
rights in addition to a special resolution (in the case of amendments to our memorandum and articles of
association) or an ordinary resolution (in any other case).




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        247
      Part I (Continued)




           Liquidation. On a winding up of our company, if the assets available for distribution among our shareholders
           shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the share capital at the commencement of the winding up,
           the surplus will be distributed among our shareholders in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them
           at the commencement of the winding up, subject to a deduction from those shares in respect of which there
           are monies due, of all monies payable to our company for unpaid calls or otherwise. If our assets available for
           distribution are insufficient to repay all of the paid-up capital, the assets will be distributed so that the losses are
           borne by our shareholders in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them.


           Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares. Our board of directors may from time to time make calls upon
           shareholders for any amounts unpaid on their shares. The shares that have been called upon and remain unpaid
           are subject to forfeiture.


           Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares. We may issue shares on terms that such shares are subject
           to redemption, at our option or at the option of the holders thereof, on such terms and in such manner as
           may be determined, before the issue of such shares, by our board of directors or by a special resolution of our
           shareholders. Our company may also repurchase any of our shares provided that the manner and terms of such
           purchase have been approved by our board of directors or by ordinary resolution of our shareholders, or are
           otherwise authorized by our current memorandum and articles of association. Under the Companies Act, the
           redemption or repurchase of any share may be paid out of our company’s profits or out of the proceeds of a
           fresh issue of shares made for the purpose of such redemption or repurchase, or out of capital (including share
           premium account and capital redemption reserve) if our company can, immediately following such payment, pay
           its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. In addition, under the Companies Act no such share
           may be redeemed or repurchased (a) unless it is fully paid up, (b) if such redemption or repurchase would result
           in there being no shares issued and outstanding, or (c) if the company has commenced liquidation. In addition,
           our company may accept the surrender of any fully paid share for no consideration.


           Variations of Rights of Shares. The rights attached to any class of shares (unless otherwise provided by the
           terms of issue of the shares of that class or series), may only be materially adversely varied with the consent in
           writing of the holders of a majority of the issued shares of that class or series or with the sanction of a special
           resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.


           Anti-Takeover Provisions. Some provisions of our current memorandum and articles of association may
           discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or management that shareholders may
           consider favorable, including provisions that:


           •     authorize our board of directors to issue preference shares in one or more series and to designate the
                 price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of such preference shares without any further vote or
                 action by our shareholders; and


           •     limit the ability of shareholders to requisition and convene general meetings of shareholders.




248   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




However, under Cayman Islands law, our directors may only exercise the rights and powers granted to them
under our current memorandum and articles of association for a proper purpose and for what they believe in
good faith to be in the best interests of our company.


General Meetings of Shareholders and Shareholder Proposals. Our shareholders’ general meetings may be held
in such place within or outside the Cayman Islands as our board of directors considers appropriate. Our current
memorandum and articles of association provide that we shall in each year hold a general meeting as our annual
general meeting, for as long as our Class A ordinary shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


Shareholders’ annual general meetings and any other general meetings of our shareholders may be convened by
a majority of our board of directors or our chairman. At least 14 days’ notice, for as long as our Class A ordinary
shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or otherwise at least 7 days’ notice, shall be given to
those persons whose names appear as members in our register of members on the date the notice is given (or
on any other date determined by our directors to be the record date for such meeting) and who are entitled to
vote at the meeting.


Cayman Islands law provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general meeting, and does not
provide shareholders with any right to put any proposal before a general meeting. However, these rights may
be provided in a company’s articles of association. Our current memorandum and articles of association allow
one or more of our shareholders holding shares representing in aggregate (i) no less than 10%, on a one vote
per share basis, for as long as our Class A ordinary shares remain listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or
(ii) otherwise not less than one-third, of the votes attaching to all issued and outstanding shares which, as at that
date of the deposit, carry the right to vote at general meetings of our company, to requisition an extraordinary
general meeting of our shareholders, in which case our directors are obliged to call such meeting and to put
the resolutions so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting; however, our current memorandum and articles of
association do not provide our shareholders with any right to put any proposals before annual general meetings
or extraordinary general meetings not called by such shareholders.


Limitations on the Right to Own Shares. There are no limitations on the right to own our shares.


Transfer of Shares. Any of our shareholders may transfer all or any of his or her ordinary shares by an instrument
of transfer in the usual or common form or any other form approved by our board of directors.


However, our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, decline to register any transfer of any ordinary
share which is not fully paid up or on which our company has a lien. Our board of directors may also decline to
register any transfer of any ordinary share unless:


•    the instrument of transfer is lodged with us, accompanied by the certificate for the ordinary shares to
     which it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably require to show the right
     of the transferor to make the transfer;


•    the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares;


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         249
      Part I (Continued)




           •     the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;


           •     the ordinary shares transferred are free of any lien in favor of us;


           •     any fee related to the transfer has been paid to us; or


           •     in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the transfer is not to more than four joint holders. If our directors
                 refuse to register a transfer they are required, within three months after the date on which the instrument
                 of transfer was lodged, to send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of such refusal.


           Directors’ Power to Issue Shares. Our current memorandum and articles of association authorize our board of
           directors to issue additional ordinary shares from time to time as our board of directors shall determine, to the
           extent of available authorized but unissued shares.


           Our current memorandum and articles of association also authorize our board of directors to establish from time
           to time one or more series of preference shares and to determine, with respect to any series of preference
           shares, the terms and rights of that series, including:


           •     the designation of the series;


           •     the number of shares of the series;


           •     the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights; and


           •     the rights and terms of redemption and liquidation preferences.


           Our board of directors may issue preference shares without action by our shareholders to the extent of available
           authorized but unissued shares. Issuance of these shares may dilute the voting power of holders of ordinary
           shares.


           Exempted Company. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The
           Companies Act in the Cayman Islands distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted
           companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of
           the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted
           company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges
           listed below:


           •     an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of
                 Companies;


           •     an exempted company’s register of members is not required to be open to inspection;




250   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




•    an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;


•    an exempted company may issue no par value shares;


•    an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such
     undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);


•    an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in
     the Cayman Islands;


•    an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and


•    an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.


“Limited liability” means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder
on that shareholder’s shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the
establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a
court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). We are subject to reporting and other informational
requirements of the Exchange Act, as applicable to foreign private issuers. Except as otherwise disclosed in this
annual report, we currently intend to comply with the Nasdaq rules in lieu of following home country practice.


Register of Members. Under the Companies Act, we must keep a register of members and there should be
entered therein:


•    the names and addresses of our members, together with a statement of the shares held by each member,
     and such statement shall confirm (i) the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of
     each member, (ii) the number and category of shares held by each member, and (iii) whether each relevant
     category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company,
     and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional;


•    the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and


•    the date on which any person ceased to be a member.


Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set
out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless
rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members is deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to
have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        251
      Part I (Continued)




           If the name of any person is incorrectly entered in or omitted from our register of members, or if there is any
           default or unnecessary delay in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a member
           of our company, the person or member aggrieved (or any member of our company or our company itself) may
           apply to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands for an order that the register be rectified, and the Court may
           either refuse such application or it may, if satisfied of the justice of the case, make an order for the rectification
           of the register.


      C.   Material Contracts
           Other than in the ordinary course of business and other than those described under “Information on the
           Company” or “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — Related Party Transactions” or elsewhere
           in this annual report, we have not entered into any material contract during the two years immediately preceding
           the date of this annual report.


           Investor Rights Agreement with Walmart
           In connection with our issuance of 144,952,250 Class A ordinary shares to Newheight, a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of Walmart, in return for Walmart’s transferring to us Yihaodian marketplace platform assets,
           including the Yihaodian brand, mobile apps and websites, and entering into business cooperation arrangements
           with us in June 2016.


           We entered into an investor rights agreement with Newheight dated June 20, 2016. Pursuant to the investor
           rights agreement:


           •     Observer right. So long as Newheight and certain other wholly-owned subsidiaries of Walmart hold no
                 less than 289,053,746 shares of our Class A ordinary shares (including ADSs representing Class A ordinary
                 shares), Newheight has the right to designate one of its senior executives to attend all meetings of our
                 board of directors in a non-voting observer capacity;


           •     Registration rights. After the expiration of a period of 60 months following June 20, 2016, Walmart has
                 certain demand registration rights, piggyback registration rights and F-3 registration rights under the
                 investor rights agreement with respect to their registrable securities, including ordinary shares issued
                 under the share subscription agreement;


           •     Preemptive rights with respect to share issuance. Within the first 24 months after June 20, 2016 (and
                 regardless of Newheight’s percentage of ownership of our share capital) and, after such period, for so
                 long as Newheight holds at least 10% of our then outstanding share capital on a fully diluted basis, if we
                 propose to issue certain new securities, Newheight or a wholly-owned subsidiary of Walmart designated
                 by Newheight has the right to purchase such number of new securities under the same terms and
                 conditions at its election so as to enable Newheight to hold a pro rata portion of the new securities equal
                 to the percentage of our share capital on a fully diluted basis then held by Newheight.


           •     Transfer restrictions. Walmart agreed to certain lock-up, standstill, rights of first refusal and other transfer
                 restrictions provided in the investor rights agreement.


252   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                               Part I (Continued)




D.   Exchange Controls
     See “Information on the Company — Business Overview — Regulation — Regulations Relating to Foreign
     Exchange.”


E.   Taxation
     The following is a general summary of certain Cayman Islands, PRC, Hong Kong S.A.R. and United States
     federal income tax consequences relevant to an investment in our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. The
     discussion is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, legal or tax advice to any particular prospective
     purchaser. The discussion is based on laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this
     annual report, all of which are subject to change or different interpretations, possibly with retroactive effect.
     The discussion does not address U.S. state or local tax laws, or tax laws of jurisdictions other than the Cayman
     Islands, the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong S.A.R. and the United States. You should consult your own
     tax advisors with respect to the consequences of acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ADSs and Class
     A ordinary shares.


     Cayman Islands Taxation
     The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains
     or appreciation and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There are no other taxes
     likely to be material to us levied by the government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may
     be applicable on instruments executed in, or after execution brought within the jurisdiction of, the Cayman
     Islands. The Cayman Islands is not party to any double tax treaties which are applicable to any payments made
     by or to our company. There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions in the Cayman Islands.


     Payments of dividends and capital in respect of the shares will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands
     and no withholding will be required on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of the Shares, nor will
     gains derived from the disposal of the shares be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax.


     People’s Republic of China Taxation
     Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside
     of the PRC with “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will be
     subject to the enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25%. The implementation rules define
     the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises full and substantial control and overall
     management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In 2009, the
     STA issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the
     “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China.
     Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise
     groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect
     the STA’s general position on how the “de facto management body” text should be applied in determining
     the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises. According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise
     controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of
     having its “de facto management body” in China only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary



                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        253
      Part I (Continued)




           location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s
           financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in
           the PRC; (iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and
           shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board members or
           senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.


           We believe that none of JD.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC
           tax purposes. JD.com, Inc. is not controlled by a PRC enterprise or PRC enterprise group and we do not believe
           that JD.com, Inc. meets all of the conditions above. JD.com, Inc. is a company incorporated outside the PRC. As
           a holding company, its key assets are its ownership interests in its subsidiaries, and its key assets are located,
           and its records (including the resolutions of its board of directors and the resolutions of its shareholders) are
           maintained, outside the PRC. For the same reasons, we believe our other subsidiaries outside of China are not
           PRC resident enterprises either. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination
           by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto
           management body.”


           If the PRC tax authorities determine that JD.com, Inc. is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax
           purposes, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax from dividends we pay to our shareholders
           that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our ADSs. In addition, non-resident enterprise
           shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a 10% PRC withholding tax on gains realized on the
           sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC.
           In addition, gains derived by our non-PRC individual shareholders from the sale of our shares and ADSs may be
           subject to a 20% PRC withholding tax. It is unclear whether our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our
           ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax on dividends obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in
           the event we are determined to be a PRC resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to dividends realized
           by non-PRC individuals, it would generally apply at a rate of 20% unless a reduced rate is available under an
           applicable tax treaty. However, it is also unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of JD.com, Inc. would be able
           to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that
           JD.com, Inc. is treated as a PRC resident enterprise.


           Provided that our Cayman Islands holding company, JD.com, Inc., is not deemed to be a PRC resident
           enterprise, holders of our ADSs and ordinary shares who are not PRC residents will not be subject to PRC
           income tax on dividends distributed by us or gains realized from the sale or other disposition of our shares or
           ADSs. STA Circular 7 further clarifies that, if a non-resident enterprise derives income by acquiring and selling
           shares in an offshore listed enterprise in the public market, such income will not be subject to PRC tax. In
           addition, STA Public Notice 37 provided certain key changes to the previous withholding regime, such as (i) the
           withholding obligation for a non-resident enterprise deriving dividend arises on the date on which the payment is
           actually made rather than on the date of the resolution that declared the dividends, (ii) non-resident enterprises
           are not obligated to report tax to relevant authorities if their withholding agents fail to perform the withholding
           obligation is removed. However, there is uncertainty as to the application of STA Public Notice 37 and STA
           Circular 7, we and our non-PRC resident investors may be at risk of being required to file a return and being
           taxed under STA Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7 and we may be required to expend valuable resources to


254   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                             Part I (Continued)




comply with STA Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7 or to establish that we should not be taxed under STA
Public Notice 37 and STA Circular 7. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in
China — We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises
by their non-PRC holding companies, and heightened scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax
authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future.”


Hong Kong Taxation
Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to a two-tiered income tax rate for taxable income
generated from operations in Hong Kong, effective on April 1, 2018. The first HK$2 million of profits earned
by our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate (i.e., 8.25%) while the
remaining profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate.

Our principal register of members is maintained by our principal share registrar in the Cayman Islands, and our
Hong Kong register of members is maintained by the Hong Kong Share Registrar in Hong Kong.

Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares registered on our Hong Kong Share Register are subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty is charged to each of the seller and purchaser at the rate of 0.13% of the
consideration for, or (if greater) the value of, our Class A ordinary shares transferred. In other words, a total of
0.26% is currently payable on a typical sale and purchase transaction of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition,
a fixed duty of HK$5.00 is charged on each instrument of transfer (if required).

To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
we have moved a portion of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our Cayman share register to our Hong
Kong share register. It is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs
constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong
Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. See “Key Information —
Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — There is uncertainty as to whether
Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs.”

United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following discussion is a summary of United States federal income tax considerations relating to the
ownership and disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) that holds our
ADSs or ordinary shares as “capital assets” (generally, property held for investment) under the United States
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion is based on the tax laws of the United
States as in effect on the date of this annual report and on U.S. Treasury regulations in effect as of the date of
this annual report, as well as judicial and administrative interpretations thereof available on or before such date.
All of the foregoing authorities are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the
tax considerations described below. There can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary
position with respect to any United States federal income tax consequences described below. This discussion
does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be important to particular
investors in light of their individual investment circumstances, including investors subject to special tax rules (for




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         255
      Part I (Continued)




           example, banks, certain financial institutions, insurance companies, broker-dealers, traders in securities that elect
           mark-to-market treatment, partnerships and their partners, tax-exempt entities (including private foundations),
           investors who are not U.S. Holders, U.S. expatriates, investors liable for the alternative minimum tax, investors
           who acquired their ADSs or ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of any employee share option or otherwise
           as compensation, investors who own (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10% or more of our stock (by vote or
           value), investors that will hold their ADSs or ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive
           sale, or other integrated transaction for United States federal income tax purposes, investors subject to the
           Medicare tax on their net investment income or investors that have a functional currency other than the United
           States dollar), all of whom may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those summarized below.

           In addition, this discussion does not address any state, local or non-United States tax considerations. Each U.S.
           Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the United States federal, state, local, and non-United States
           income and other tax considerations of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares.

           General
           For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of our ADSs or ordinary shares
           that is, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the
           United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax
           purposes) created in, or organized under the law of, the United States or any state thereof or the District of
           Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for United States federal income
           tax purposes regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary
           supervision of a United States court and which has one or more United States persons who have the authority
           to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has otherwise elected to be treated as a United States
           person under the Code.

           If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) owns our
           ADSs or ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status
           of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding our ADSs or ordinary shares and their
           partners are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares.

           For U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders who hold ADSs will generally be treated as the holder of the
           underlying ordinary shares represented by those ADSs. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a
           U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be treated in this manner. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of Class A ordinary
           shares for ADSs will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax.

           The discussion below under “— Dividends” and “— Sale or Other Disposition of ADSs or Ordinary Shares” is
           written on the basis that we will not be or become classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
           The U.S. federal income tax rules that apply generally if we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable year are
           discussed below under “ — Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations.”




256   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                            Part I (Continued)




Dividends
Any cash distributions (including any amount of any PRC tax withheld) paid on our ADSs or ordinary shares
out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under United States federal income
tax principles, will generally be includible in the gross income of a U.S. Holder as dividend income on the day
actually or constructively received by the U.S. Holder, in the case of ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the
case of ADSs. Because we do not intend to determine our earnings and profits on the basis of United States
federal income tax principles, any distribution we pay will generally be reported as a “dividend” for United
States federal income tax purposes. Dividends received on our ADSs or ordinary shares will not be eligible for
the dividends received deduction allowed to corporations under the Code.

Individuals and other non-corporate recipients will be subject to tax at the lower capital gain tax rate applicable
to “qualified dividend income” on dividends paid on our ADSs, provided that certain conditions are satisfied,
including that (i) our ADSs are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, or, in
the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC tax law, we are eligible for the
benefit of the United States-PRC income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), (ii) we are neither a PFIC nor treated as such
with respect to a U.S. Holder (as discussed above) for the taxable year in which the dividend was paid and the
preceding taxable year, and (iii) certain holding period requirements are met. Because (i) U.S. Treasury guidance
indicates that ADSs representing ordinary shares, such as ours, listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market are
considered to be readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, and (ii) we believe
that we were not a PFIC for United States federal income tax purposes for our taxable year ended December
31, 2022 and we do not expect to be a PFIC in subsequent years, we believe that we are a qualified foreign
corporation with respect to dividends paid on the ADSs, but not with respect to dividends paid on our ordinary
shares. In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under PRC tax law, we believe that
we would be eligible for the benefits under the Treaty and that we should be treated as a qualified foreign
corporation with respect to dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs. U.S. Holders should consult their tax
advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate on dividends in their particular circumstances.


For United States foreign tax credit purposes, dividends will generally be treated as income from foreign sources
and will generally constitute passive category income. A U.S. Holder may be eligible, subject to a number of
complex limitations, to claim a foreign tax credit not in excess of any applicable treaty rate in respect of any
nonrefundable foreign withholding taxes imposed on dividends received on our ADSs or ordinary shares. A U.S.
Holder who does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction,
for United States federal income tax purposes, in respect of such withholding, but only for a year in which such
holder elects to do so for all creditable foreign income taxes. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are
complex. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit
under their particular circumstances.


Sale or Other Disposition of ADSs or Ordinary Shares
A U.S. Holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of ADSs or ordinary
shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized upon the sale or other disposition and
the holder’s adjusted tax basis in such ADSs or ordinary shares. The gain or loss will generally be capital gain or
loss. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the ADSs or ordinary shares have been held for more than one


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        257
      Part I (Continued)




           year. An individual U.S. Holder or other non-corporate U.S. Holder who has held the ADSs or ordinary shares for
           more than one year will generally be eligible for reduced tax rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject
           to limitations. Any such gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder will generally be treated as U.S. source income
           or loss for foreign tax credit purposes, which will generally limit the availability to claim foreign tax credits.
           However, in the event we are deemed to be a PRC “resident enterprise” under PRC tax law, we may be eligible
           for the benefits of the Treaty. In such event, if PRC tax were to be imposed on any gain from the disposition of
           the ADSs or ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for the benefits of the Treaty may elect to treat such
           gain as PRC source income. Pursuant to recently issued Treasury Regulations, however, if a U.S. Holder is not
           eligible for the benefits of the Treaty or does not elect to apply the Treaty, then such holder may not be able to
           claim a foreign tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on the disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares.
           U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences if a foreign tax is imposed
           on a disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares, including the availability of the foreign tax credit or deduction
           under their particular circumstances, their eligibility for benefits under the Treaty and the potential impact of the
           recently issued Treasury Regulations.


           Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations
           A non-United States corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a “passive foreign investment
           company,” or PFIC, for United States federal income tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more
           of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value
           of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year produce or are held for
           the production of passive income. For this purpose, cash is categorized as a passive asset and the company’s
           unbooked intangibles associated with active business activity are taken into account as a non-passive asset.


           In addition, we will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share
           of the income of any other corporation in which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of the
           stock. Although the law in this regard is unclear, we treat the consolidated variable interest entities as being
           owned by us for United States federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions
           and we are entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with these entities, and, as a result,
           we consolidate their results of operations in our U.S. GAAP financial statements and treat them as being owned
           by us for United States federal income tax purposes. If it were determined, however, that we are not the owner
           of the consolidated variable interest entities for United States federal income tax purposes, we may be treated
           as a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2022 and in future taxable years.


           Based on our current income and assets and the value of our ADSs and outstanding ordinary shares, we do
           not believe that we were a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and we do not expect to be
           classified as a PFIC in the current taxable year or the foreseeable future. Because PFIC status is a fact-intensive
           determination, no assurance can be given that we will not be classified as a PFIC for that year. While we do not
           anticipate becoming a PFIC, changes in the composition of our income or assets, or fluctuations in the market
           price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, may cause us to become a PFIC for future taxable years. In
           estimating the value of our goodwill and other unbooked intangibles, we have taken into account our market
           capitalization, which may fluctuate over time. Among other factors, if our market capitalization subsequently
           declines, we may be or become classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. Under circumstances


258   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                           Part I (Continued)




where revenues from activities that produce passive income significantly increase relative to our revenues from
activities that produce non-passive income or where we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for
working capital or other purposes, our risk of becoming classified as a PFIC may substantially increase.


If we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or ordinary shares,
and unless the U.S. Holder makes a “mark-to-market” election (as described below), the U.S. Holder will
generally be subject to special tax rules that have a penalizing effect, regardless of whether we remain a PFIC,
on (i) any excess distribution that we make to the U.S. Holder (which generally means any distribution paid
during a taxable year to a U.S. Holder that is greater than 125% of the average annual distributions paid in the
three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares),
and (ii) any gain realized on the sale or other disposition, including a pledge, of ADSs or ordinary shares. Under
the PFIC rules:


•    the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ADSs
     or ordinary shares;


•    amounts allocated to the current taxable year and any taxable years in a U.S. Holder’s holding period prior
     to the first taxable year in which we are classified as a PFIC (a “pre-PFIC year”) will be taxable as ordinary
     income; and


•    amounts allocated to each prior taxable year, other than the current taxable year or a pre-PFIC year, will
     be subject to tax at the highest tax rate in effect applicable to such U.S. Holder for that year, and such
     amounts will be increased by an additional tax equal to interest on the resulting tax deemed deferred with
     respect to such years.


The tax liability for amounts allocated to years prior to the year of disposition or “excess distribution” cannot be
offset by any net operating losses for such years, and gains (but not losses) realized on the sale of the ADSs or
ordinary shares cannot be treated as capital, even if such ADSs or ordinary shares are held as capital assets.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or ordinary shares and any of
our subsidiaries is also a PFIC, such U.S. Holder would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value)
of the shares of the lower-tier PFIC and would be subject to the rules described above on certain distributions
by a lower-tier PFIC and a disposition of shares of a lower-tier PFIC even though such U.S. Holders would
not receive the proceeds of those distributions or dispositions. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors
regarding the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries.


As an alternative to the foregoing rules, a U.S. Holder of “marketable stock” (as defined below) in a PFIC may
make a mark-to-market election with respect to such stock. The mark-to-market election is available only for
“marketable stock,” which is stock that is traded in other than de minimis quantities on at least 15 days during
each calendar quarter, or “regularly traded” on a qualified exchange or other market, as defined in applicable




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        259
      Part I (Continued)




           Treasury regulations. For these purposes, our ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, which is a
           qualified exchange for these purposes, and our ordinary shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
           which should constitute a qualified exchange or other market. We anticipate that our ADSs and ordinary shares
           should qualify as being regularly traded, but no assurances may be given in this regard. If a U.S. Holder makes
           this election, the holder will generally (i) include as ordinary income for each taxable year that we are a PFIC
           the excess, if any, of the fair market value of ADSs or ordinary shares held at the end of the taxable year over
           the adjusted tax basis of such ADSs or ordinary shares and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if any,
           of the adjusted tax basis of the ADSs or ordinary shares over the fair market value of such ADSs or ordinary
           shares held at the end of the taxable year, but such deduction will only be allowed to the extent of the amount
           previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-market election. The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in
           the ADSs or ordinary shares would be adjusted to reflect any income or loss resulting from the mark-to-market
           election. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of our ADSs or ordinary shares and we
           cease to be a PFIC, the holder will not be required to take into account the gain or loss described above during
           any period that we are not classified as a PFIC. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election, any gain such
           U.S. Holder recognizes upon the sale or other disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares in a year when we are
           a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but such loss will only be
           treated as ordinary loss to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-
           market election.


           Because, as a technical matter, a mark-to-market election cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs that we may
           own, a U.S. Holder may continue to be subject to the general PFIC rules described above with respect to such
           U.S. Holder’s indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for
           United States federal income tax purposes.


           We do not intend to provide information necessary for U.S. Holders to make qualified electing fund elections
           which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from the tax treatment for PFICs described above.


           If a U.S. Holder owns our ADSs or ordinary shares during any taxable year that we are a PFIC, the holder must
           file an annual Internal Revenue Service Form 8621.


           Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor concerning the United States federal income tax
           consequences of purchasing, holding, and disposing of ADSs or ordinary shares if we are or become classified
           as a PFIC, including the possibility of making a mark-to-market election and the unavailability of the qualified
           electing fund election.


      F.   Dividends and Paying Agents
           Not applicable.


      G.   Statement by Experts
           Not applicable.




260   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




H.    Documents on Display
      We are subject to periodic reporting and other informational requirements of the Exchange Act as applicable
      to foreign private issuers, and are required to file reports and other information with the SEC. Specifically, we
      are required to file annually an annual report on Form 20-F within four months after the end of each fiscal year,
      which is December 31. All information filed with the SEC can be obtained over the internet at the SEC’s website
      at www.sec.gov. As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing
      the furnishing and content of quarterly reports and proxy statements, and officers, directors and principal
      shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16
      of the Exchange Act.


      We will furnish Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary of our ADSs, with our annual reports,
      which will include a review of operations and annual audited consolidated financial statements prepared in
      conformity with U.S. GAAP, and all notices of shareholders’ meetings and other reports and communications
      that are made generally available to our shareholders. The depositary will make such notices, reports and
      communications available to holders of ADSs and, upon our request, will mail to all record holders of ADSs the
      information contained in any notice of a shareholders’ meeting received by the depositary from us.


      In accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5250(d), we will post annual report on Form 20-F on our website
      at http://ir.jd.com. In addition, we will provide hardcopies of our annual report free of charge to shareholders and
      ADS holders upon request.


I.    Subsidiary Information
      Not applicable.


Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Interest Rate Risk
Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest income generated by excess cash, which is mostly
held in interest-bearing bank deposits. We have not used derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio.
Interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate
being exposed to, material risks due to changes in market interest rates. However, our future interest income may fall
short of expectations due to changes in market interest rates.


Foreign Exchange Risk
Substantially all of our revenues and expenses are denominated in RMB.


We do not believe that we currently have any significant direct foreign exchange risk and have not used any derivative
financial instruments to hedge exposure to such risk. Although our exposure to foreign exchange risks should be
limited in general, the value of your investment in our ADSs will be affected by the exchange rate between U.S. dollar
and RMB because the value of our business is effectively denominated in RMB, while our ADSs will be traded in U.S.
dollars.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022        261
      Part I (Continued)




      The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the PBOC. The RMB
      has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. It is difficult to predict how market
      forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar in the
      future.


      To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the
      U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we
      decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares or
      ADSs or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on
      the U.S. dollar amounts available to us.


      As of December 31, 2022, we had RMB-denominated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term
      investments and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities more than one year in other
      non-current assets of RMB149.9 billion, and U.S. dollar-denominated cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments
      and time deposits or wealth management products with maturities more than one year in other non-current assets of
      US$10.7 billion. Assuming we had converted RMB149.9 billion into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate of RMB6.8972
      for US$1.00 as of December 30, 2022, our U.S. dollar cash balance would have been US$32.4 billion. If the RMB had
      depreciated by 10% against the U.S. dollar, our U.S. dollar cash balance would have been US$30.3 billion instead.
      Assuming we had converted US$10.7 billion into RMB at the exchange rate of RMB6.8972 for US$1.00 as of
      December 30, 2022, our RMB cash balance would have been RMB223.7 billion. If the RMB had depreciated by 10%
      against the U.S. dollar, our RMB cash balance would have been RMB232.0 billion instead.


      Inflation
      To date, inflation in China has not materially impacted our results of operations. According to the National Bureau of
      Statistics of China, the year-over-year percent changes in the consumer price index for December 2020, 2021 and
      2022 were increases of 0.2% and 1.5% and 1.8%, respectively. Although we have not been materially affected by
      inflation in the past, we may be affected if China experiences higher rates of inflation in the future.


      Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
      A.   Debt Securities
           Not applicable.


      B.   Warrants and Rights
           Not applicable.


      C.   Other Securities
           Not applicable.




262   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                 Part I (Continued)




D.   American Depositary Shares
     Our ADSs are traded on Nasdaq. Dealings in our ADSs on Nasdaq are conducted in U.S. Dollars. ADSs may be
     held either:


     •     directly, by having a certificated ADS, or an ADR, registered in the holder’s name, or by holding in the
           direct registration system, pursuant to which the depositary may register the ownership of uncertificated
           ADSs, which ownership shall be evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary to the ADS
           holders entitled thereto; or


     •     indirectly, through the holder’s broker or other financial institution.


     The depositary for our ADSs is Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, whose office is located at 60 Wall
     Street, New York, New York 10005, United States of America.


     Fees and Charges Our ADS holders May Have to Pay
     An ADS holder will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary bank and certain taxes and
     governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges
     payable on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs):


     Service                                                         Fees
     •	to any person to whom ADSs are issued or to any              Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued
        person to whom a distribution is made in respect
        of ADS distributions pursuant to stock dividends or
        other free distributions of stock, bonus distributions,
        stock splits or other distributions (except where
        converted to cash)
     •	Surrendering ADSs for cancellation and withdrawal of         Up to US$0.05 per ADS surrendered
        deposited securities
     •   Distribution of cash dividends                              Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
     •	
       Distribution of cash entitlements (other than cash            Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
       dividends) and/or cash proceeds, including proceeds
       from the sale of rights, securities and other
       entitlements
     •   Distribution of ADSs pursuant to exercise of rights         Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
     •   Operation and maintenance costs                             Up to US$0.05 per ADS held on the applicable
                                                                     record date(s) established by the depositary bank

     An ADS holder will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the depositary bank
     and certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other
     governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented by any of the ADSs) such as:


     •     Fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer agent for the
           ordinary shares in the Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary shares).


     •     Expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars.

                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022       263
      Part I (Continued)




           •     Expenses for cable, telex, fax and electronic transmissions and for delivery of securities.


           •     Taxes and duties upon the transfer of securities, including any applicable stamp duties, any stock transfer
                 charges or withholding taxes (i.e., when ordinary shares are deposited or withdrawn from deposit).


           •     Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery of ordinary shares on deposit or the servicing
                 of ordinary shares, deposited securities and/or ADSs.


           •     Fees and expenses incurred in connection with complying with exchange control regulations and other
                 regulatory requirements applicable to ordinary shares, deposited securities, ADSs and ADRs.


           The depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary
           bank by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary bank and by
           the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers
           in turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees payable in connection with distributions of cash or
           securities to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the depositary bank to the holders of
           record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.


           The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being distributed
           or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. In the case of distributions other than cash
           (i.e., share dividends, rights), the depositary bank charges the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders
           concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated
           or uncertificated in direct registration), the depositary bank sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS
           holders. In the case of ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC), the depositary bank generally
           collects its fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the ADSs
           held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and custodians
           who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the amount of the fees paid
           to the depositary banks.


           In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of the deposit
           agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary
           fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


           Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us
           Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary, has agreed to reimburse us for a portion of certain
           expenses we incur that are related to establishment and maintenance of the ADR program, including investor
           relations expenses. There are limits on the amount of expenses for which the depositary will reimburse us, but
           the amount of reimbursement available to us is not related to the amounts of fees the depositary collects from
           investors. Further, the depositary has agreed to reimburse us certain fees payable to the depositary by holders
           of ADSs. Neither the depositary nor we can determine the exact amount to be made available to us because
           (i) the number of ADSs that will be issued and outstanding, (ii) the level of service fees to be charged to holders




264   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                          Part I (Continued)




of ADSs and (iii) our reimbursable expenses related to the program are not known at this time. In 2022, we did
not receive any reimbursement from the depositary.


Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares and ADSs
Dealings and Settlement of Class A Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong
Our Class A ordinary shares trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of 50 Class A ordinary shares.
Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be conducted in Hong Kong
dollars.


The transaction costs of dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange include:


•     Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.005% of the consideration of the transaction, charged to each
      of the buyer and seller;


•     Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, or SFC, transaction levy of 0.0027% of the
      consideration of the transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


•     trading tariff of HK$0.50 on each and every purchase or sale transaction. The decision on whether or not to
      pass the trading tariff onto investors is at the discretion of brokers;


•     transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


•     ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.2% of the value of the transaction, with 0.1% payable by each of
      the buyer and the seller;


•     stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a minimum fee
      of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


•     brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage commissions for
      IPO transactions which are currently set at 1% of the subscription or purchase price and will be payable by
      the person subscribing for or purchasing the securities); and


•     the Hong Kong Share Registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20.00, depending on the speed of
      service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for
      each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each share certificate canceled or
      issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong.


Investors must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through their brokers directly
or through custodians. For an investor who has deposited his or her Class A ordinary shares in his or her
stock account or in his or her designated Central Clearing and Settlement System participant’s stock account
maintained with the Central Clearing and Settlement System, or CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS
in accordance with the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022       265
      Part I (Continued)




           For an investor who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer forms
           must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


           Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong and ADSs
           In connection with the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have
           established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register, which will be
           maintained by our Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. Our
           principal register of members will continue to be maintained by our principal share registrar, Maples Fund
           Services (Cayman) Limited, or Maples.


           All Class A ordinary shares offered in connection with our listing in Hong Kong are registered on the Hong Kong
           share register in order to be listed and traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As described in further detail
           below, holders of Class A ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong Share Register will be able to convert
           these ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa.


           In connection with our listing in Hong Kong, and to facilitate fungibility and conversion between ADSs and
           Class A ordinary shares and trading between Nasdaq and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we moved a portion
           of our issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of members maintained in the Cayman Islands to our
           Hong Kong share register.


           Converting Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong into ADSs
           An investor who holds Class A ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to convert them to
           ADSs to trade on Nasdaq must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the Class A ordinary shares with the
           depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, Hong Kong, or the custodian, in
           exchange for ADSs.


           A deposit of Class A ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the following
           procedures:


           •     If Class A ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer Class A ordinary
                 shares to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by following the CCASS procedures
                 for transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his
                 or her broker.


           •     If Class A ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit his or her Class
                 A ordinary shares into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS,
                 submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his or her broker.


           •     Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer
                 taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement, the depositary
                 will issue the corresponding number of ADSs in the name(s) requested by an investor and will deliver the
                 ADSs to the designated DTC account of the person(s) designated by an investor or his or her broker.


266   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                        Part I (Continued)




For Class A ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require
two business days. For Class A ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may take
14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the
depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the ADSs
until the procedures are completed.


Converting ADSs to Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong
An investor who holds ADSs and who intends to convert his/her ADSs into Class A ordinary shares to trade on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw Class A ordinary shares
from our ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such ordinary shares on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker should follow the broker’s procedure and instruct
the broker to arrange for cancelation of the ADSs, and transfer of the underlying ordinary shares from the
depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock account.


For investors holding ADSs directly (not holding through brokers), the following steps must be taken:


•    To withdraw Class A ordinary shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such
     ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in certificated form),
     and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the depositary.


•    Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock
     transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement, the
     depositary will instruct the custodian to deliver Class A ordinary shares underlying the canceled ADSs to
     the CCASS account designated by an investor.


•    If an investor prefers to receive Class A ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must receive Class A
     ordinary shares in CCASS first and then arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a
     transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and register ordinary shares in their
     own names with the Hong Kong Share Registrar.


For Class A ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally
require two business days. For ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps
may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the Class A ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        267
      Part I (Continued)




           Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time be closed
           to ADS cancelations. In addition, completion of the above steps and procedures is subject to there being a
           sufficient number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate a withdrawal from
           the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under any obligation to maintain or increase the
           number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate such withdrawals.


           Depositary Requirements
           Before the depositary issues ADSs or permits withdrawal of ordinary shares, the depositary may require:


           •     production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other information it
                 deems necessary; and


           •     compliance with procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit agreement,
                 including, but not limited to, presentation of transfer documents.


           The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and cancelations of ADSs
           generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong Share Registrar are closed or at any time
           if the depositary or we determine it advisable to do so.


           All costs attributable to the transfer of Class A ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of ordinary
           shares into our ADS program will be borne by the investor requesting the transfer. In particular, holders of
           ordinary shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong Share Registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to
           HK$20, depending on the speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the
           Hong Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each share
           certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms used in Hong
           Kong. In addition, holders of Class A ordinary shares and ADSs must pay up to US$5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs
           for each issuance of ADSs and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be, in connection with the deposit of
           Class A ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares from, our ADS program.




268   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                          PART II


Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has performed an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a–15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, as required by Rule 13a–15(b) under the Exchange Act.


Based upon that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file and furnish under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
as defined in Rules 13a–15(f) and 15d–15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and
expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of our company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.


As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules as promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth in the
report “Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. We completed the acquisition of Deppon during the year ended December 31, 2022.
As permitted by relevant rules and regulations, we have excluded Deppon from our evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Overall, Deppon constituted 2.6% and 1.4%, respectively, of total
assets and total net revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December
31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022        269
      Part II (Continued)




      Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, has
      audited the effectiveness of our company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and has
      issued their report, included in our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC.

      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
      Other than the addition of operations of the Excluded Acquisitions to our internal control over financial reporting, there
      were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this annual
      report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
      reporting.

      Audit Committee Financial Expert
      Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Louis T. Hsieh, an independent director (under the standards set
      forth in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(a) (2) and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act) and member of our audit
      committee, is an audit committee financial expert.

      Code of Ethics
      Our board of directors adopted an amended and restated code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our
      directors, officers and employees in November 2022. We have posted a copy of our code of business conduct and
      ethics on our website at http://ir.jd.com.

      Principal Accountant Fees and Services
      The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain professional
      services rendered by our principal external auditors(1) for the periods indicated.

                                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                 2021                        2022

      Audit fees(2)                                                                                                 US$3,230,000                US$3,770,979
      Audit-related fees(3)                                                                                         US$5,675,140                US$6,090,913
      Tax fees(4)                                                                                                    US$268,987                  US$250,881
      All other fees(5)                                                                                              US$174,044                  US$293,840


      Notes:


      (1)      We engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as external auditor for annual report on Form 20-F, and Deloitte Touche
               Tohmatsu, Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor in Hong Kong as external auditor for our HK annual report. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
               Certified Public Accountants LLP’s PCAOB ID is 1113.


      (2)      “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for the
               audit of our annual financial statements and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. In 2021 and 2022, the audit refers to
               financial audit and audit pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


      (3)      “Audit-related fees” means fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for the issue of comfort letter, rendering of listing advice and other audit-
               related services to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries.


      (4)      “Tax Fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for tax
               compliance, tax advice and tax planning.



270   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                                                                           Part II (Continued)




(5)     “All other fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors
        associated with certain financial due diligence projects, permissible services to review and comment on internal control design over financial
        reporting and other advisory services.


The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent
auditors, including audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services as described above, other
than those for de minimis services which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit.


Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
On March 17, 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program, under which we may repurchase
up to US$2.0 billion of our ADSs or ordinary shares over the next 24 months through March 17, 2022. The share
repurchase program was publicly announced on March 17, 2020.

On December 29, 2021, our board of directors approved modifications to the share repurchase program adopted in
March 2020, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization has increased from US$2.0 billion to US$3.0 billion and
has been extended until March 17, 2024.

As of the date of this annual report, we had repurchased a total of approximately 20.3 million ADSs under this share
repurchase program. The table below is a summary of the shares repurchased by us. All shares were repurchased
in the open market pursuant to the share repurchase program announced on March 17, 2020 and modified on
December 29, 2021.


                                                                                                           Total Number
                                                                                                                  of ADSs    Approximate
                                                                                                               Purchased      Dollar Value
                                                                                                                   as Part   of ADSs that
                                                           Total Number                                    of the Publicly     May Yet Be
                                                                 of ADSs            Average Price             Announced         Purchased
Period                                                        Purchased             Paid Per ADS                      Plan Under the Plan*

March 17, 2020–March 31, 2020                                     1,191,370                     37.04             1,191,370        2,955,868,397
March 1, 2021–March 31, 2021                                      7,583,810                     82.52             7,583,810        2,330,029,654
May 1, 2021–May 31, 2021                                          2,607,401                     68.51             2,607,401        2,151,387,896
July 1, 2021–July 31, 2021                                            23,616                    69.94                 23,616       2,149,736,231
March 1, 2022–March 31, 2022                                        533,072                     57.63                533,072       2,119,017,691
April 1, 2022–April 28, 2022                                      4,477,131                     57.08             4,477,131        1,863,474,190
March 1, 2023–March 31, 2023                                      3,839,490                     39.87             3,839,490        1,710,395,700

Total                                                           20,255,890                     63.67             20,255,890        1,710,395,700


Note:


*           The dollar value in this column is based on US$3.0 billion after the adjustment of repurchase authorization.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022             271
      Part II (Continued)




      Corporate Governance
      As a Cayman Islands exempted company listed on Nasdaq, we are subject to the Nasdaq corporate governance
      listing standards. However, Nasdaq rules permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance
      practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home
      country, may differ significantly from the Nasdaq corporate governance listing standards. Currently, there are no
      significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those followed by U.S. domestic companies
      under Nasdaq Stock Market Rules. However, if we choose to follow other home country practice in the future, our
      shareholders may be afforded less protection than they otherwise would under the Nasdaq corporate governance
      listing standards applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. See “Key Information — Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our
      ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares — We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the
      Exchange Act, and as such we are exempt from certain provisions applicable to U.S. domestic public companies.”


      Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
      In May 2022, JD.com, Inc. was conclusively listed by the SEC as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA
      following the filing of annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Our Form 20-F
      auditor, a registered public accounting firm that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely in 2021
      because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction, issued the audit report for us for the fiscal
      year ended December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16,
      2021 determination and removed Chinese mainland and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to
      inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we do not expect to be identified
      as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we file the annual report on Form 20-F.


      As of the date of this annual report, to our knowledge, (i) no governmental entities in the Cayman Islands or in China
      own shares of JD.com, Inc., or any of the consolidated variable interest entities in China. (ii) the governmental entities
      in China does not have a controlling financial interest in our company or any of the consolidated variable interest
      entities. (iii) none of the members of the board of directors of our company or our operating entities, including the
      consolidated variable interest entities, is an official of the Chinese Communist Party, and (iv) none of the currently
      effective memorandum and articles of association (or equivalent organizing document) of our company or the
      consolidated variable interest entities contains any charter of the Chinese Communist Party.




272   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                          PART III


Consolidated Financial Statements

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                            Page Reference


Independent Auditor’s Report                                                          274


Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                           279


Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss)                 282


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                 285


Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity                            289


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                        292




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022   273
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      To the Shareholders of JD.com, Inc.
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 279 to 392, which comprise the consolidated balance
      sheet as of December 31, 2022, and the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income/(loss),
      consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
      ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
      the Group as of December 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
      the year then ended in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
      (“U.S. GAAP”).


      Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
      in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
      independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
      and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
      we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




274   JD.com, Inc.
                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.

 Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Inventories, net — estimated net realizable value
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s net                Our audit procedures related to management’s estimated
 balance of inventories was RMB77,949 million,             net realizable value of inventories included the following,
 which represented approximately 13% of the total          among others:
 assets. As disclosed in Note 2.1 to the consolidated
                                                           •     We tested the effectiveness of the controls over
 financial statements, the Company records valuation
                                                                 the estimated net realizable value of inventories,
 allowances for slow-moving and damaged goods
                                                                 including the review of historical sales activities
 to adjust the cost of such inventories to their
                                                                 and the calculation of inventory valuation
 estimated net realizable value. The estimate requires
                                                                 allowance;
 management to make significant assumptions
 considering various factors such as impact of inventory   •     We evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation
 aging, historical and forecasted consumer demand, as            methodologies and assumptions applied by
 well as market conditions that impact pricing.                  management to determine slow-moving and
                                                                 damaged inventories;
 We identified the estimate of net realizable value
                                                           •     We tested the accuracy and completeness of
 of inventories as a key audit matter because of
                                                                 the underlying data that served as the basis for
 the significant judgments involved by management
                                                                 the calculation of inventory valuation allowance,
 to evaluate the impact of the interaction among
                                                                 and the mathematical accuracy of management’s
 the various input factors in order to determine the
                                                                 calculation of inventory valuation allowance;
 amounts of estimated net realizable value of the
 inventories. This required a high degree of auditor       •     We performed inquiries with appropriate finance
 judgement and an increased extent of effort,                    and operations personnel, and reviewed the
 when performing audit procedures to evaluate the                actual sales subsequent to December 31, 2022
 reasonableness of management’s estimation of the                to corroborate management’s quantitative and
 net realizable value.                                           qualitative judgments applied over the indicators
                                                                 of slow-moving and damaged inventories, and to
                                                                 evaluate the reasonableness of management’s
                                                                 estimate of the impact of interaction among
                                                                 various factors; and
                                                           •     We performed retrospective reviews by
                                                                 comparing subsequent actual realized value with
                                                                 historical estimates to evaluate management’s
                                                                 ability to perform reasonable estimate of inventory
                                                                 valuation allowance.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022       275
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




       Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Business acquisition — intangible assets, net
       For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company          Our audit procedures related to management’s fair value
       completed the acquisitions of Dada Nexus Limited and       estimate of the identifiable intangible assets acquired
       Ningbo Meishan Baoshui Area Deppon Investment              included the following, among others:
       Holding Company Limited and accounted for these
                                                                  •    We tested the effectiveness of controls over the
       business acquisitions using the acquisition method
                                                                       fair value estimate of the identifiable intangible
       of accounting. The purchase price of each acquisition
                                                                       assets acquired, including management’s review
       was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities
                                                                       of the valuation models, as well as the significant
       assumed based on their respective fair values at the
                                                                       assumptions used in the valuation models, such as
       date of acquisition, including the newly identified and
                                                                       future cash flows, and discount rates;
       appreciation of intangible assets of RMB4,435 million
       in total. Determining the fair value of the identifiable   •    We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s
       intangible assets acquired requires management to               forecast of future cash flows by performing
       make complex judgments and significant assumptions              inquiries of management, comparing the forecast
       including the selection of valuation methodologies,             financial information to historical actual results,
       estimates of future cash flows, and discount rates.             to comparable companies as well as trends and
                                                                       outlook of this industry, and searching for indicators
       We identified the fair value assessment of the                  of contradiction or inconsistency;
       identifiable intangible assets acquired as a key audit
                                                                  •    With the assistance of valuation specialists, we
       matter because of the complex judgments, and
                                                                       evaluated (1) the appropriateness of the valuation
       significant assumptions made by management to
                                                                       methodologies, (2) the reasonableness of the
       estimate their fair values. This required a high degree
                                                                       significant assumptions, including testing the
       of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort,
                                                                       underlying source information and developing a
       including the need to involve the valuation specialists,
                                                                       range of independent estimates for discount rates
       when performing audit procedures to evaluate the
                                                                       and comparing to those selected by management,
       reasonableness of management’s fair value estimate
                                                                       and (3) the mathematical accuracy of the valuation
       of the identifiable intangible assets in part of the
                                                                       calculation; and
       purchase price allocation process.
                                                                  •    We performed sensitivity analysis to evaluate
                                                                       changes in the fair value of the intangible assets
                                                                       that would result from changes in significant
                                                                       assumptions.




276   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary
to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022         277
      Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
           Group’s internal control.

      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
           related disclosures made by the directors.

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
           on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
           cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
           for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
           opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
      during our audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
      reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
      safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
      most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
      audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
      about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
      in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
      interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Ip, Kan Wah.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      April 20, 2023

278   JD.com, Inc.
                                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                           2021                2022
                                                       Notes               RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                      Note 2(g)
                                                                  (in millions, except share and per share data)

  ASSETS
  Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                            70,767            78,861        11,434
    Restricted cash                                      4, 5              5,926            6,254           907
    Short-term investments                                5             114,564           141,095        20,457
    Accounts receivable, net                              9              11,900            20,576          2,983
    Advance to suppliers                                                   3,959            3,838           556
    Inventories, net                                      10             75,601            77,949        11,302
    Prepayments and other current assets                                 11,455            15,156          2,197
    Amount due from related parties                       29               5,500            6,142           891
    Assets held for sale                                                      —             1,203           174

    Total current assets                                                299,672           351,074        50,901

  Non-current assets
    Property, equipment and software, net                 11             32,944            55,080          7,986
    Construction in progress                             2(o)              5,817           11,161          1,618
    Intangible assets, net                                13               5,837            9,139          1,325
    Land use rights, net                                  12             14,328            33,848          4,907
    Operating lease right-of-use assets                   18             19,987            22,267          3,228
    Goodwill                                              14             12,433            23,123          3,353
    Investment in equity investees                        8              63,222            57,641          8,357
    Investment securities                                 5              19,088            11,611          1,683
    Deferred tax assets                                   21               1,111            1,536           223
    Other non-current assets                                             21,804            18,770          2,722
    Amount due from related parties                       29                264                —              —

    Total non-current assets                                            196,835           244,176        35,402

  Total assets                                                          496,507           595,250        86,303


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022    279
      Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)




                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                 2021               2022
                                                              Notes              RMB              RMB              US$
                                                                                                              Note 2(g)
                                                                         (in millions, except share and per share data)

        LIABILITIES
        Current liabilities (including amounts of the
         consolidated VIEs without recourse to the
         primary beneficiaries of RMB22,458 million and
         RMB27,450 million as of December 31, 2021
         and 2022, respectively. Note 1)
          Short-term debts                                      32               4,368           12,146            1,761
          Accounts payable                                      15            140,484           160,607          23,286
          Advance from customers                                               29,106            33,713            4,888
          Deferred revenues (including amounts in relation
           to traffic support, marketing and promotion
           services to be provided to related parties of
           RMB492 million and RMB431 million as of
           December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively)                             3,458            3,351             486
          Taxes payable                                                          2,568            5,926             859
          Amount due to related parties                         29                519              488                71
          Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        16             34,468            42,570            6,172
          Operating lease liabilities                           18               6,665            7,688            1,115
          Liabilities held for sale                                                 —               72                10

          Total current liabilities                                           221,636           266,561          38,648

        Non-current liabilities
          Deferred revenues (including amounts in relation
           to traffic support, marketing and promotion
           services to be provided to related parties of
           RMB629 million and RMB179 million as
           of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively)                          1,297            1,107             160
          Unsecured senior notes                                17               9,386           10,224            1,482
          Deferred tax liabilities                              21               1,897            6,511             944
          Long-term borrowings                                  32                  —            20,009            2,901
          Operating lease liabilities                           18             13,721            14,978            2,172
          Other non-current liabilities                                          1,786            1,737             251

          Total non-current liabilities                                        28,087            54,566            7,910

        Total liabilities                                                     249,723           321,127          46,558



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


280   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)




                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                           2021                2022
                                                        Notes              RMB               RMB              US$
                                                                                                         Note 2(g)
                                                                    (in millions, except share and per share data)

    Commitments and contingencies                         33


    MEZZANINE EQUITY                                                       1,212              590                86


    SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:
    JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity
      Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value;
       100,000,000,000 shares authorized;
       2,731,123,330 Class A ordinary shares issued
       and 2,690,342,230 outstanding, 428,185,501
       Class B ordinary shares issued and 420,449,419
       outstanding as of December 31, 2021;
       2,793,298,344 Class A ordinary shares
       issued and 2,756,458,772 outstanding,
       386,374,723 Class B ordinary shares issued
       and 379,220,475 outstanding as of
       December 31, 2022.)                                23                  —*                —*               —*
      Additional paid-in capital                                        182,578           184,041           26,683
      Statutory reserves                                 2(nn)             1,586            3,473              504
      Treasury stock                                                      (2,968)          (2,493)             (361)
      Retained earnings                                                   33,805           29,304             4,249
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss                26              (6,090)            (959)             (139)

    Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                             208,911           213,366           30,936
    Non-controlling interests                            2(d)             36,661           60,167             8,723

    Total shareholders’ equity                                          245,572           273,533           39,659

    Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
      shareholders’ equity                                              496,507           595,250           86,303



*     Absolute value is less than RMB1 million.



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022       281
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
      AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)

                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2020              2021                 2022
                                                  Notes         RMB               RMB               RMB             US$
                                                                                                              Note 2(g)
                                                               (in millions, except share and per share data)

        Net revenues
          Net product revenues                    2(y)       651,879            815,655          865,062        125,422
          Net service revenues                    2(y)        93,923            135,937          181,174         26,268

        Total net revenues                                   745,802            951,592         1,046,236       151,690

          Cost of revenues                                  (636,694)          (822,526)        (899,163)       (130,366)
          Fulfillment                                         (48,700)          (59,055)          (63,011)        (9,136)
          Marketing                                           (27,156)          (38,743)          (37,772)        (5,476)
          Research and development                            (16,149)          (16,332)          (16,893)        (2,449)
          General and administrative                           (6,409)          (11,562)          (11,053)        (1,603)
          Gain on sale of development
          properties                               19           1,649               767            1,379            200

        Income from operations                                12,343              4,141           19,723           2,860

        Other income/(expense)
          Share of results of equity investees     8            4,291            (4,918)           (2,195)          (318)
          Interest expense                                     (1,125)           (1,213)           (2,106)          (305)
          Others, net                              20         35,310               (590)           (1,555)          (225)

        Income/(loss) before tax                              50,819             (2,580)          13,867           2,012
          Income tax expenses                      21          (1,482)           (1,887)           (4,176)          (605)

        Net income/(loss)                                     49,337             (4,467)           9,691           1,407

          Net loss attributable to non-
           controlling interests shareholders                     (75)             (923)            (697)           (101)
          Net income attributable to mezzanine
           equity classified as non-controlling
          interests shareholders                                    7                16                 8              1

        Net income/(loss) attributable
          to ordinary shareholders                            49,405             (3,560)          10,380           1,507



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
282   JD.com, Inc.
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (Continued)




                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                          2020              2021               2022
                                             Notes        RMB               RMB             RMB             US$
                                                                                                       Note 2(g)
                                                          (in millions, except share and per share data)

  Net income/(loss)                                     49,337             (4,467)         9,691           1,407
    Other comprehensive income/(loss):        26
     Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                         (7,955)           (2,872)         7,810           1,132
     Net change in unrealized
     gains/(losses) on available-for-sale
     securities:
      Unrealized gains, net of tax                         705                 —              —               —
     Reclassification adjustment for
       gains recorded in net income,
      net of tax                                           (760)               —              —               —

     Net unrealized losses on
     available-for-sale securities                          (55)               —              —               —

    Total other comprehensive
    income/(loss)                                        (8,010)           (2,872)         7,810           1,132

  Total comprehensive income/(loss)                     41,327             (7,339)        17,501           2,539
  Total comprehensive income/(loss)
    attributable to non-controlling
    interests shareholders                                 (373)           (1,253)         1,982            289
  Total comprehensive income attributable
    to mezzanine equity classified as
    non-controlling interests shareholders                    7                16              8              1

  Total comprehensive income/(loss)
    attributable to ordinary
    shareholders                                        41,693             (6,102)        15,511           2,249




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022    283
      Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (Continued)




                                                                        For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2020             2021                 2022
                                               Notes            RMB              RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                             Note 2(g)
                                                                (in millions, except share and per share data)

        Net income/(loss) per share             28
          Basic
           Net income/(loss) per share                          16.35            (1.15)            3.32            0.48
          Diluted
           Net income/(loss) per share                          15.84            (1.15)            3.21            0.47
        Weighted average number of shares
          Basic                                        3,021,808,985     3,107,436,665    3,125,571,110   3,125,571,110
          Diluted                                      3,109,024,030     3,107,436,665    3,180,886,136   3,180,886,136



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




284   JD.com, Inc.
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                   For the year ended December 31,
                                                          2020              2021                 2022
                                                          RMB               RMB              RMB             US$
                                                                                                        Note 2(g)
                                                                            (in millions)

  Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income/(loss)                                     49,337             (4,467)           9,691         1,407
  Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to
    net cash provided by operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                           6,068             6,232            7,236         1,049
  Share-based compensation                                4,156             9,134            7,548         1,095
  Losses from disposal of property, equipment
    and software                                             68                18              407             59
  Gain from extinguishment of debt                          (11)               —                (6)            (1)
  Deferred income tax                                      (719)             (651)            (549)           (80)
  Amortization of discounts and issuance costs
    of the unsecured senior notes                            19                14               12             2
  Allowance for doubtful accounts                           353               708              926           134
  Impairment of investments                                 208               574            1,969           285
  Fair value change of long-term investments            (29,483)            7,252            4,096           594
  (Gains)/losses from acquirements or disposals
    of business and investment                             (279)             (140)           3,558           516
  Gain on sale of development properties                 (1,649)             (767)          (1,379)         (200)
  Share of results of equity investees                   (4,291)            4,918            2,195           318
  Foreign exchange (gains)/losses                            90               (42)            (114)          (17)
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable                                   (412)            (5,632)          (7,196)        (1,043)
    Advance to suppliers                                (2,300)              (107)               9              1
    Inventories                                            799            (16,697)          (2,278)          (330)
    Prepayments and other current assets                  (260)            (2,539)          (1,969)          (288)
    Amount due from related parties                        583               (278)           1,763            256
    Operating lease right-of-use assets                 (2,922)            (4,045)            (525)           (76)
    Other non-current assets                              (871)            (1,701)           2,397            348
    Accounts payable                                    11,095             32,585           17,658          2,560
    Advance from customers                               4,052              8,702            4,526            656
    Deferred revenues                                     (235)              (243)            (319)           (46)
    Taxes payable                                          849               (468)           3,206            465
    Amount due to related parties                          282                (66)             847            123
    Accrued expenses and other current liabilities       4,784              5,257            3,295            478
    Operating lease liabilities                          3,233              4,180              705            102
    Other non-current liabilities                           —                 570              110             16
  Net cash provided by operating activities             42,544             42,301           57,819         8,383



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022    285
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2020              2021                   2022
                                                                RMB               RMB                RMB             US$
                                                                                                                Note 2(g)
                                                                                  (in millions)

        Cash flows from investing activities:
        Purchase of short-term investments                    (60,747)         (167,684)          (180,291)       (26,140)
        Maturity of short-term investments                    25,148            113,362           165,093         23,936
        Purchases of long-term time deposits and
           wealth management products                          (5,000)             (160)            (3,019)         (438)
        Maturity of long-term time deposits and
           wealth management products                              —                 —                 30               4
        Purchases of investment securities                     (1,122)           (2,656)                —              —
        Cash received from disposal of investment
          securities                                            9,139            13,165              6,348           920
        Prepayments and investments in equity
          investees                                           (16,939)          (11,576)            (4,501)         (653)
        Cash received from disposal of equity
          investments                                           1,092               407               412             60
        Cash paid for loan originations                       (60,304)          (82,197)           (77,577)       (11,248)
        Cash received from loan repayments                    60,879             80,561            77,732         11,270
        Purchase of property, equipment and software           (3,370)           (5,562)            (5,495)         (797)
        Disposal of equipment and other assets                     —              1,765              1,418           206
        Purchase of intangible assets                             (19)              (23)               (10)            (1)
        Cash paid for asset acquisitions, net of
          cash acquired                                            —             (1,603)            (2,170)         (315)
        Purchase of land use rights                            (1,518)           (7,825)            (5,236)         (759)
        Cash paid for construction in progress                 (7,549)           (8,868)           (12,172)        (1,765)
        Cash received from sale of development
          properties                                            4,787             3,549              1,686           244
        Cash received from/(paid for) business
          combinations, net of cash acquired                     671               (321)           (15,684)        (2,274)
        Loans provided to JD Technology                        (2,342)             (169)              (502)           (73)
        Other investing activities                               (617)            1,587                (88)           (10)

        Net cash used in investing activities                 (57,811)          (74,248)           (54,026)        (7,833)



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




286   JD.com, Inc.
                                                   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                           2020              2021                 2022
                                                           RMB               RMB                RMB           US$
                                                                                                         Note 2(g)
                                                                              (in millions)
  Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares              31,342                 —                  —            —
  Repurchase of ordinary shares                            (312)            (5,246)            (1,823)        (264)
  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares
    pursuant to share-based awards                          236                62               1,043          151
  Cash paid for dividends                                    —                 —              (13,087)      (1,897)
  Proceeds from issuance of convertible
    redeemable preferred shares of JD Logistics             443                 —                  —            —
  Capital injection from non-controlling interest
    shareholders                                         34,579            27,662              8,020         1,163
  Return of capital to non-controlling interests             —                (68)               (36)           (5)
  Acquisition of additional equity interests in
    non-wholly owned subsidiaries                             —               (775)            (4,581)        (664)
  Proceeds from short-term borrowings                     14,766             7,133             33,208        4,815
  Repayment of short-term borrowings                     (16,582)           (5,982)           (31,804)      (4,611)
  Proceeds from long-term borrowings                          —                 —              14,101        2,044
  Repayment of long-term borrowings                         (123)              (29)            (3,635)        (527)
  Proceeds from unsecured senior notes                     6,804                —                  —            —
  Repurchase and repayment of unsecured
    senior notes                                             (72)           (3,246)              (31)           (4)
  Other financing activities                                  (9)               (8)             (195)          (30)
  Net cash provided by financing activities              71,072            19,503              1,180          171
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash
    equivalents, and restricted cash                      (5,082)           (1,498)            3,490          506
  Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
    equivalents, and restricted cash                     50,723            (13,942)            8,463         1,227
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at
    beginning of year, including cash and cash
    equivalents classified within assets held for sale   39,912            90,635             76,693        11,119
  Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
    cash classified within assets held for sale
    at beginning of year                                      —               116                  —            —
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
    at beginning of year                                 39,912            90,519             76,693        11,119
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at
    end of year, including cash and cash equivalents
    classified within assets held for sale               90,635            76,693             85,156        12,346
  Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
    cash classified within assets held for sale
    at end of year                                          116                 —                 41             5
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
    at end of year                                       90,519            76,693             85,115        12,341

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022   287
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2020              2021                2022
                                                                RMB               RMB               RMB           US$
                                                                                                             Note 2(g)
                                                                                   (in millions)
        Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
          information:
          Cash paid for income taxes                           (1,190)           (2,538)           (2,555)       (370)
          Cash paid for interest                               (1,020)           (1,221)           (2,393)       (347)
        Supplemental disclosures of non-cash
          investing and financing activities:
          Issuance of ordinary shares in connection
           with strategic cooperation agreement
          with Tencent                                           549               463               448           65
          Right-of-use assets acquired under
          operating leases                                    10,678            10,228             7,700        1,116
          Acquisition of equity interest in Jiangsu
           Five Star by loan conversion                         1,025                —                 —            —
          Acquisition of equity interest in Kuayue
           Express by issuance of ordinary shares of
          JD Logistics                                           116                 —                 —            —
          Acquisition of equity interest in Dada by
          strategic resources                                      —                 —             1,606          233



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




288   JD.com, Inc.
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
                              SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

                                              Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                                  Accumulated         Retained
                                                                                                                                                other        earnings/          Non-             Total
                                                                                                        Additional       Statutory      comprehensive     (accumulated    controlling    shareholders’
                                               Shares     Amount        Shares       Amount          paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)         deficit)     interests          equity
                                                                RMB                         RMB               RMB             RMB                RMB             RMB            RMB              RMB
                                                                                                           (in millions, except share data)

    Balance as of December 31, 2019 2,973,943,149                —* (49,627,886)           (2,530)           90,677           1,459             4,163          (11,913)        2,804           84,660
    Issuance of ordinary shares            155,850,684           —*          —                 —             31,864              —                  —               —             —            31,864
    Repurchase of ordinary shares                  —             — (2,382,740)              (312)                —               —                  —               —             —               (312)
    Accretion of convertible
      redeemable non-controlling
      interests                                    —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —               (7)           —                 (7)
    Exercise of share-based awards                 —             —    5,073,294              335               (115)             —                  —               —             (11)            209
    Share-based compensation and
      vesting of share-based awards                —             — 20,642,538              1,289              1,775              —                  —               —          1,092            4,156
    Net income/(loss)                              —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —           49,412            (75)         49,337
    Foreign currency translation
      adjustments                                  —             —           —                 —                 —               —              (7,656)             —           (299)           (7,955)
    Net change in unrealized losses on
      available-for-sale debt securities           —             —           —                 —                 —               —                 (55)             —             —                (55)
    Statutory reserves                             —             —           —                 —                 —               74                 —              (74)           —                 —
    Change of the capital from non-
      controlling interest shareholders            —             —           —                 —             23,548              —                  —               —         11,327           34,875
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                    —             —           —                 —                529              —                  —               —          2,105            2,634
    Share of changes in the equity
      investee’s capital accounts                  —             —           —                 —               (574)             —                  —               —             —               (574)
    Conversion of profit sharing right
      in JD Technology                             —             —           —                 —              5,654              —                  —               —             —             5,654

    Balance as of December 31, 2020 3,129,793,833                —* (26,294,794)           (1,218)         153,358            1,533             (3,548)         37,418        16,943          204,486


*         Absolute value is less than RMB1 million.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022                   289
      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Continued)




                                                  Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                                  Accumulated         Retained
                                                                                                                                                    other        earnings/          Non-             Total
                                                                                                            Additional       Statutory      comprehensive     (accumulated    controlling    shareholders’
                                                   Shares     Amount        Shares       Amount          paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)         deficit)     interests          equity
                                                                    RMB                         RMB               RMB             RMB                RMB             RMB            RMB              RMB
                                                                                                               (in millions, except share data)

          Balance as of December 31, 2020 3,129,793,833              —* (26,294,794)           (1,218)         153,358            1,533             (3,548)         37,418        16,943          204,486

          Issuance of ordinary shares            1,914,998           —*          —                 —                463              —                  —               —             —               463
          Issuance of Class A ordinary
            shares reserved
            for future exercise/vesting of
            share-based awards                  27,600,000           —* (27,600,000)               —*                —               —                  —               —             —                 —
          Repurchase of ordinary shares                —             — (20,429,654)            (5,246)               —               —                  —               —             —             (5,246)
          Accretion of convertible redeemable
            non-controlling interests                  —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —              (16)           —                (16)
          Exercise of share-based awards               —             —    1,962,856              252               (195)             —                  —               —              (7)             50
          Share-based compensation and
            vesting of share-based awards              —             — 23,844,410              3,244              2,124              —                  —               —          4,902           10,270
          Net loss                                     —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —           (3,544)         (923)           (4,467)
          Foreign currency translation
            adjustments                                —             —           —                 —                 —               —              (2,542)             —           (330)           (2,872)
          Statutory reserves                           —             —           —                 —                 —               53                 —              (53)           —                 —
          Change of the capital from
            non-controlling interest
            shareholders                               —             —           —                 —             15,960              —                  —               —         10,872           26,832
          Conversion of JD Logistics
            preferred shares                           —             —           —                 —             11,799              —                  —               —          4,604           16,403
          Reorganization of JD Cloud & AI
            (Note 6, Note 8)                           —             —           —                 —               (901)             —                  —               —             —               (901)
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                  —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —               —            600              600
          Share of changes in the equity
            investee’s capital accounts                —             —           —                 —                (30)             —                  —               —             —                (30)

          Balance as of December 31, 2021 3,159,308,831              —* (48,517,182)           (2,968)         182,578            1,586             (6,090)         33,805        36,661          245,572



      *       Absolute value is less than RMB1 million.



      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


290   JD.com, Inc.
                                       Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Continued)




                                               Ordinary shares             Treasury stock                                                  Accumulated         Retained
                                                                                                                                                 other        earnings/          Non-            Total
                                                                                                         Additional       Statutory      comprehensive     (accumulated    controlling   shareholders’
                                                Shares     Amount        Shares       Amount          paid-in capital       reserves      income/(loss)         deficit)     interests         equity
                                                                 RMB                         RMB               RMB             RMB                RMB             RMB            RMB             RMB
                                                                                                            (in millions, except share data)

    Balance as of December 31, 2021 3,159,308,831                 —* (48,517,182)           (2,968)         182,578            1,586             (6,090)         33,805        36,661         245,572

    Issuance of ordinary shares               2,164,236           —*          —                 —                448              —                  —               —             —              448
    Issuance of Class A ordinary
      shares reserved
      for future exercise/vesting of
      share-based awards                     18,200,000           —* (18,200,000)               —*                —               —                  —               —             —                —
    Dividends                                       —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —          (12,994)           —           (12,994)
    Repurchase of ordinary shares                   —             — (10,020,406)            (1,823)               —               —                  —               —             —            (1,823)
    Accretion of convertible redeemable
      non-controlling interests                     —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —               (8)           —                (8)
    Exercise of share-based awards                  —             —    9,620,476              654                403              —                  —               —             —            1,057
    Share-based compensation and
      vesting of share-based awards                 —             — 23,123,292              1,644              2,416              —                  —               —          3,623           7,683
    Net income/(loss)                               —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —           10,388          (697)          9,691
    Foreign currency translation
      adjustments                                   —             —           —                 —                 —               —              5,131               —          2,679           7,810
    Statutory reserves                              —             —           —                 —                 —            1,887                 —           (1,887)           —                —
    Change of the capital from
      non-controlling interest
      shareholders                                  —             —           —                 —             (1,801)             —                  —               —          4,424           2,623
    Acquisition of subsidiaries and assets          —             —           —                 —                 —               —                  —               —         13,868          13,868
    Disposal of subsidiaries                        —             —           —                 —                  (1)            —                 —                —           (391)           (392)
    Share of changes in the equity
      investee’s capital accounts                   —             —           —                 —                  (2)            —                 —                —             —                (2)

    Balance as of December 31, 2022 3,179,673,067                 —* (43,993,820)           (2,493)         184,041            3,473              (959)          29,304        60,167         273,533


*      Absolute value is less than RMB1 million.



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022                  291
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1    Principal Activities and Organization
           JD.com, Inc. (the “Company”) is a leading supply chain-based technology and service provider, providing products
           and services to consumers, third-party merchants, suppliers and other business partners through its subsidiaries,
           consolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”) and consolidated VIEs’ subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”).

           The Group operates e-commerce business, including online retail and online marketplace mainly through its
           retail mobile apps and www.jd.com website (collectively, “JD Platform”). The Group serves consumers through
           online retail, focusing on product selection, price and convenience, serves third-party merchants through online
           marketplace, offering programs that enable the merchants to sell their products on JD Platform and to fulfill
           the orders either by themselves or through the Group’s logistics services. Leveraging its AI capabilities and
           technologies, the Group provides a variety of marketing services to business partners through its proprietary
           advertisement technology platform. Leveraging its leading logistics network, the Group provides integrated supply
           chain solutions and logistics services, primarily including warehousing and distribution services, express and freight
           services and other value-added services to third parties, including both third-party merchants and suppliers on JD
           Platform and other business partners, through JD Logistics, Inc. (“JD Logistics”), the Group’s logistics subsidiary.
           The Group also operates healthcare business through JD Health International Inc. (“JD Health”), establishes
           platform for developing and managing modern infrastructure through JINGDONG Property, Inc. (“JD Property”,
           formerly known as JD Property Group Corporation), empowers industrial development by supply chain, technology
           and services through JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (“JD Industrials”, formerly known as JD Industrial Technology
           Inc.) and provides on-demand retail platform services and on-demand delivery services through Dada Nexus
           Limited (“Dada”).

           On June 18, 2020, the Company completed its global offering and the Company’s shares have been listed on the
           Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”) under the stock code “9618”. The Company
           issued 152,912,100 Class A ordinary shares, including the exercise of the over-allotment option, at Hong Kong
           Dollar (“HK$”) 226 per share. Net proceeds from the global offering after deducting underwriting commissions,
           share issuance costs and offering expenses approximately amounted to RMB31.3 billion.

           On December 8, 2020 and May 28, 2021, JD Health and JD Logistics completed initial public offering (“IPO”)
           and the shares have been listed on the Main Board of the HKEX under the stock code “6618” and “2618”,
           respectively.

           The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).
           The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its
           subsidiaries, consolidated VIEs and consolidated VIEs’ subsidiaries.




292   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
    As of December 31, 2022, the Company’s major subsidiaries, consolidated VIEs and consolidated VIEs’
    subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                             Equity
                                                          interest held    Place and date of incorporation
      Subsidiaries
      Beijing Jingdong Century Trade Co., Ltd.
        (“Jingdong Century”)                                 100%              Beijing, China, April 2007
      Jiangsu Jingdong Information Technology Co., Ltd.      100%             Jiangsu, China, June 2009
      Shanghai Shengdayuan Information Technology
        Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Shengdayuan”)                   100%             Shanghai, China, April 2011
      JD Logistics Holding Limited                            64%           Hong Kong, China, August 2011
      Jingdong Technology Group Corporation                  100%          Cayman Islands, November 2011
      JINGDONG Property, Inc.                                 77%           Cayman Islands, January 2012
      JD Logistics, Inc.                                      64%           Cayman Islands, January 2012
      JD.com E-Commerce (Technology) Hong Kong
        Co., Ltd.                                            100%          Hong Kong, China, February 2012
      Jingdong E-Commerce (Trade) Hong Kong Co., Ltd.        100%          Hong Kong, China, February 2012
      JD.com International Limited                           100%          Hong Kong, China, February 2012
      Beijing Jingdong Shangke Information Technology
        Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Shangke”)                        100%             Beijing, China, March 2012
      Chongqing Jingdong Haijia E-commerce Co., Ltd.
        (“Chongqing Haijia”)                                 100%            Chongqing, China, June 2014
      JD.com Overseas Innovation Limited                     100%          Hong Kong, China, October 2014
      JD.com Investment Limited                              100%         British Virgin Islands, January 2015
      JD Asia Development Limited                             77%         British Virgin Islands, February 2015
      Suqian Hanbang Investment Management Co., Ltd.         100%            Jiangsu, China, January 2016
      Xi’an Jingxundi Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd.
         (“Xi’an Jingxundi”)                                  64%              Shaanxi, China, May 2017
      JD Assets Holding Limited                              100%            Cayman Islands, March 2018
      JD Property Holding Limited                            100%            Cayman Islands, March 2018
      Beijing Wodong Tianjun Information Technology
        Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Wodong Tianjun”)                 100%              Beijing, China, May 2018
      JD Health International Inc.                            68%          Cayman Islands, November 2018
      JD Jiankang Limited                                    100%           British Virgin Islands, April 2019
      JD Industrial Technology Limited                       100%         British Virgin Islands, October 2019
      JINGDONG Industrials, Inc.                              81%          Cayman Islands, November 2019



                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022       293
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
                                                                      Equity
                                                                   interest held    Place and date of incorporation
             Subsidiaries (Continued)
             Jingdong Logistics Supply Chain Co., Ltd.                 64%             Jiangsu, China, June 2020
             Jiangsu Huiji Space Technology Co., Ltd.
                (“Jiangsu Huiji”)                                     100%             Jiangsu, China, March 2019
             JD Sunflower Investment Limited                          100%         British Virgin Islands, February 2016
             Windcreek Limited                                        100%         British Virgin Islands, January 2016
             Dada Nexus Limited (“Dada”)                               53%             Cayman Islands, July 2014


             Consolidated VIEs
             Beijing Jingdong 360 Degree E-commerce Co., Ltd.
               (“Jingdong 360”)                                                         Beijing, China, April 2007
             Jiangsu Yuanzhou E-commerce Co., Ltd.
                (“Jiangsu Yuanzhou”)                                                Jiangsu, China, September 2010
             Jiangsu Jingdong Bangneng Investment Management
                Co., Ltd. (“Jingdong Bangneng”)                                       Jiangsu, China, August 2015
             Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng Information Technology
                Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng”)                                  Shaanxi, China, June 2017
             Suqian Juhe Digital Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.
               (“Suqian Juhe”)                                                         Jiangsu, China, June 2020


             Consolidated VIEs’ Subsidiaries
             Beijing Jingbangda Trade Co., Ltd.
               (“Beijing Jingbangda”)                                                  Beijing, China, August 2012
             Beijing Jingdong Qianshi Technology Co., Ltd.                           Beijing, China, September 2018




294   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
    •   Organization
        The Company was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) in November 2006 and was
        re-domiciled in the Cayman Islands in January 2014 as an exempted company registered under the laws of
        the Cayman Islands.


        In April 2007, April 2011, May 2017, March 2019 and June 2019, the Company established Jingdong
        Century, Shanghai Shengdayuan, Xi’an Jingxundi, Jiangsu Huiji and Beijing Jingdong Jiankang Co., Ltd.
        (“Jingdong Jiankang”) as wholly foreign-owned enterprises in the PRC, respectively. In April 2007,
        September 2010, August 2015, June 2017, June 2019 and June 2020, Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou,
        Jingdong Bangneng, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng, Suqian Jingdong Tianning Jiankang Technology Co., Ltd.
        (“Suqian Jingdong Tianning”) and Suqian Juhe were incorporated in the PRC, respectively. The paid-in
        capital of each of these entities was funded by the Company, and they were established to facilitate the
        Group’s operation and business expansion plans and comply with the PRC laws and regulations which
        prohibit or restrict foreign ownership of the companies where the PRC operating licenses are required.
        By entering into a series of agreements, Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Bangneng
        became VIEs of Jingdong Century, Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng became a VIE of Xi’an Jingxundi, Suqian
        Jingdong Tianning became a VIE of Jingdong Jiankang and Suqian Juhe became a VIE of Jiangsu Huiji.
        Consequently, Jingdong Century became the primary beneficiary of Jingdong 360, Jiangsu Yuanzhou
        and Jingdong Bangneng, Xi’an Jingxundi became the primary beneficiary of Xi’an Jingdong Xincheng,
        Jingdong Jiankang became the primary beneficiary of Suqian Jingdong Tianning and Jiangsu Huiji became
        the primary beneficiary of Suqian Juhe. In September 2022, the Group renewed certain agreements,
        among which Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Bangneng became VIEs of Shanghai Shengdayuan and
        Shengdayuan became the primary beneficiary of Jiangsu Yuanzhou and Jingdong Bangneng.


    •   Consolidated variable interest entities
        In order to comply with the PRC laws and regulations which prohibit or restrict foreign control of
        companies involved in provision of internet content and other restricted businesses, the Group operates
        its websites and other restricted businesses in the Chinese mainland through certain PRC domestic
        companies, whose equity interests are held by certain individuals (“Nominee Shareholders”). The Group
        obtained control over these PRC domestic companies by entering into a series of contractual arrangements
        with these PRC domestic companies and their respective Nominee Shareholders. These contractual
        agreements are substantially similar in key aspects governing the contractual arrangements with a variable
        interest entity of the Group, include loan agreements, exclusive purchase option agreements, exclusive
        technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as
        applicable, intellectual property rights license agreement, equity pledge agreements, powers of attorney,
        business cooperation agreement and business operation agreements. These contractual agreements can
        be extended at the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries’ options prior to the expiration date. Management
        concluded that these PRC domestic companies are consolidated VIEs of the Group, of which the Group
        is the ultimate primary beneficiary. As such, the Group consolidated the financial results of these PRC
        domestic companies and their subsidiaries in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note
        2(b) to the consolidated financial statements for the principles of consolidation.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022      295
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           The following is a summary of the contractual agreements (collectively, “Contractual Agreements”) that the
           Group, through its subsidiaries, entered into with the consolidated VIEs and their Nominee Shareholders:


           •     Loan agreements
                 Pursuant to the relevant loan agreements, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries have granted interest-
                 free loans to the relevant Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs with the sole purpose of providing funds
                 necessary for the capital injection to the relevant VIEs. The loans for initial and subsequent capital
                 injections are eliminated with the capital of the relevant VIEs during consolidation. The Group’s relevant
                 PRC subsidiaries can require the Nominee Shareholders to settle the loan amount with the equity interests
                 of the relevant VIEs, subject to any applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. The loan agreements are
                 renewable upon expiration.


           •     Exclusive purchase option agreements
                 The Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs have granted the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries the exclusive
                 and irrevocable rights to purchase from the Nominee Shareholders, to the extent permitted under the
                 PRC laws and regulations, part or all of the equity interests in these entities for a purchase price equal to
                 the lowest price permitted by the PRC laws and regulations. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries may
                 exercise such option at any time. In addition, the VIEs and their Nominee Shareholders have agreed that
                 without prior written consent of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries, they will not transfer or otherwise
                 dispose the equity interests or declare any dividend.


           •     Exclusive technology consulting and services agreements or exclusive business
                 cooperation agreements
                 The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries and relevant VIEs entered into exclusive technology consulting
                 and services agreements or exclusive business cooperation agreements, as applicable, under which
                 the relevant VIEs engage the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as their exclusive provider of technical
                 platform and technical support, business support, maintenance and other services. The VIEs shall pay to
                 the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries service fees determined based on the volume and market price
                 of the service provided. All the benefits and interests generated from the agreements, including but
                 not limited to intellectual property rights, know-how and trade secrets, will be the Group’s relevant PRC
                 subsidiaries’ sole and exclusive rights. During the term of the agreements, the relevant VIEs may not enter
                 into any agreement with third parties for the provision of identical or similar services without prior consent
                 of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries.




296   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
    •   Equity pledge agreements
        Pursuant to the relevant equity pledge agreements, the Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs have pledged
        all of their equity interests in the relevant VIEs to the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as collateral for all
        of their payments due to the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries and to secure their obligations under the
        above agreements. The Nominee Shareholders may not transfer or assign the equity interests, the rights
        and obligations in the equity pledge agreements or create or permit to create any pledges which may have
        an adverse effect on the rights or benefits of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries without the Group’s
        relevant PRC subsidiaries’ preapproval. The Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries are entitled to transfer or
        assign in full or in part the equity interests pledged. In the event of default, the Group’s relevant PRC
        subsidiaries as the pledgee, will be entitled to request immediate repayment of the loans or to dispose of
        the pledged equity interests through transfer or assignment.


    •   Powers of attorney
        Pursuant to the irrevocable powers of attorney, each of the Nominee Shareholders appointed any person
        designated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries as their attorney-in-fact to exercise all shareholder
        rights under the PRC laws and the relevant articles of association, including but not limited to, voting
        on their behalf on all matters requiring shareholder approval, disposing of all or part of the Nominee
        Shareholders’ equity interests, and electing, appointing or removing directors and the general managers of
        the VIEs. Each power of attorney will remain in force during the period when the Nominee Shareholders
        continue to be the shareholders of the VIEs. Each of the Nominee Shareholders has waived all the rights
        which have been authorized to the person designated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries under each
        power of attorney.


    •   Business operation agreements
        Pursuant to the business operation agreements, the relevant Nominee Shareholders of the VIEs must
        appoint the candidates nominated by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries to be the directors on the VIEs’
        board of directors in accordance with applicable laws and the articles of association of the VIEs, and must
        cause the persons recommended by the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries to be appointed as the VIEs’
        general manager, chief financial officer and other senior executives.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         297
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           •     Risks in relations to the VIE structure
                 The Company believes that the contractual arrangements among its subsidiaries, the VIEs and their
                 owners are in compliance with the current PRC laws and legally enforceable. However, uncertainties in
                 the interpretation and enforcement of the PRC laws, regulations and policies could limit the Company’s
                 ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. As a result, the Company may be unable to consolidate
                 the VIEs and VIEs’ subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements. The Company’s ability to control
                 the VIEs also depends on the authorization by the shareholders of the VIEs to exercise voting rights
                 on all matters requiring shareholders’ approval in the VIEs. The Company believes that the agreements
                 on authorization to exercise shareholders’ voting power are legally enforceable. In addition, if the legal
                 structure and contractual arrangements with the VIEs are found to be in violation of any future PRC laws
                 and regulations, the Company may be subject to fines or potentially be forced to relinquish Company’s
                 interests in those operations. The Company believes the possibility that it will no longer be able to control
                 and consolidate the VIEs as a result of the aforementioned risks is remote.


                 The following table sets forth the assets, liabilities, results of operations and changes in cash, cash
                 equivalents, and restricted cash of the consolidated VIEs (where appropriate, the term “VIEs” also refers
                 to its subsidiaries as a whole) structured by the Contractual Agreements, which have eliminated the
                 intercompany transactions within the consolidated VIEs:


                                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                                      2021              2022
                                                                                                    (RMB in millions)

                     Total assets                                                                   80,138           78,162
                     Total liabilities                                                              77,858           74,553



                                                                                For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                    2020              2021              2022
                                                                                            (RMB in millions)

                     Total net revenues                                           86,054           117,419          134,516
                     Net income/(loss)                                              (422)            (3,069)            1,137




298   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




1   Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31,
                                                                           2020               2021            2022
                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

      Net cash provided by operating activities                            9,912             1,593           5,434
      Net cash used in investing activities                              (11,053)          (10,089)          (4,498)
      Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                  2,659            11,611           (1,306)

      Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents,
       and restricted cash                                                 1,518             3,115             (370)
      Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
        at beginning of year                                                927              2,445           5,560

      Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
        at end of year                                                     2,445             5,560           5,190


    As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the total assets of the Group’s consolidated VIEs excluding the intra-
    company balances and transactions within the Group were RMB77,734 million and RMB71,527 million,
    respectively, which were consisting of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments,
    accounts receivable, net, inventories, net, investment securities, investment in equity investees, property,
    equipment and software, net, operating lease right-of-use assets and prepayments and other assets. As of
    December 31, 2021 and 2022, the total liabilities of the consolidated VIEs after eliminating the intra-company
    balances and transactions within the Group were RMB32,642 million and RMB39,368 million, respectively,
    which were consisting of short-term debts, accounts payable, operating lease liabilities, long-term borrowings,
    accrued expenses and other liabilities.

    For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the total net revenues of the Group’s consolidated
    VIEs were RMB36,976 million, RMB59,124 million and RMB72,666 million, respectively, which have been
    reflected in the Group’s consolidated financial statements with the intra-company transactions within the
    Group eliminated.

    In accordance with the Contractual Agreements, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries have the power to direct
    activities of the Group’s consolidated VIEs, and can have assets transferred out of the Group’s consolidated
    VIEs. Therefore, the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries consider that there is no asset in the Group’s
    consolidated VIEs that can be used only to settle their obligations except for registered capitals and the PRC
    statutory reserves of the Group’s consolidated VIEs amounting to RMB3,217 million as of December 31, 2022.
    As the Group’s consolidated VIEs are incorporated as limited liability companies under the PRC Company Law,
    the creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries for all the
    liabilities of the Group’s consolidated VIEs. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the total shareholders’ equity of
    the Group’s consolidated VIEs was RMB1,535 million and RMB3,609 million, respectively.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022       299
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      1    Principal Activities and Organization (Continued)
           Currently there is no contractual arrangement that could require the Group’s relevant PRC subsidiaries or the
           Group to provide additional financial support to the Group’s consolidated VIEs. As the Group conducts certain
           businesses in the Chinese mainland through the consolidated VIEs, the Group may provide additional financial
           support on a discretionary basis in the future, which could expose the Group to a loss.


      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
           a.    Basis of presentation
                 The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the accounting
                 principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Significant accounting
                 policies followed by the Group in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements
                 are summarized below. All amounts, except for share, per share data or otherwise noted, are rounded to
                 the nearest million.


           b.    Principles of consolidation
                 The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and
                 the consolidated VIEs for which the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary. Subsidiaries are those
                 entities in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power; or
                 has the power to govern the financial and operating policies, to appoint or remove the majority of the
                 members of the board of directors, or to cast a majority of votes at the meeting of directors.


                 A consolidated VIE is an entity in which the Company, or its subsidiaries, through the Contractual
                 Arrangements, bear the risks of, and enjoy the rewards normally associated with, ownership of the entity,
                 and therefore the Company or its subsidiaries are the primary beneficiary of the entity.


                 All transactions and balances among the Company, its subsidiaries and the consolidated VIEs have been
                 eliminated upon consolidation.


           c.    Reclassifications
                 Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior years’ consolidated financial statements to conform to
                 the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on net income/(loss), shareholders’
                 equity, or cash flows as previously reported.




300   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    d.   Non-controlling interests
         For the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs, non-controlling interests are recognized to reflect
         the portion of their equity that is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company as the controlling
         shareholder. Non-controlling interests are classified as a separate line item in the equity section of the
         Group’s consolidated balance sheets and have been separately disclosed in the Group’s consolidated
         statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) to distinguish the interests from that of the
         Company.

    e.   Use of estimates
         The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
         management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
         liabilities, related disclosures of contingent liabilities at the balance sheet date, and the reported revenues
         and expenses during the reported period in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
         Significant accounting estimates are used for, but not limited to, returns allowance, vendor rebates and
         customer incentives, determination of the stand-alone selling price (“SSP”), the valuation and recognition
         of share-based compensation arrangements, taxation, fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in
         business combinations, fair value of certain equity investees, assessment for impairment of long-lived
         assets, investment in equity investees, investment securities and goodwill, allowance for doubtful
         accounts including expected credit losses, inventory reserve for excess and obsolete inventories, lower of
         cost and net realizable value of inventories, depreciable lives of property, equipment and software, useful
         lives of intangible assets, the discount rate for lease and consolidation of VIEs. Actual results may differ
         materially from those estimates.

         In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a disease caused by a novel strain
         of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) to be a pandemic. After the initial outbreak of the COVID-19, some
         instances of COVID-19 infections have emerged from time to time. China continuously optimized and
         adjusted COVID-19 prevention and control measures with the aim of protecting health, and lifted most
         of the travel restrictions and quarantine requirements in December 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic has
         created and may continue to create significant uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment which,
         in addition to other unforeseen effects of this pandemic, may adversely impact the Group’s results
         of operations. The extent to which COVID-19 would impact the results of operations is contingent on
         the future developments of the outbreak, including constant updates concerning the global severity of
         and actions needed to contain the outbreak, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Due to the
         uncertainty and the economic implications on global economics conditions from the COVID-19 pandemic,
         certain estimates and assumptions may change in the near term.

    f.   Foreign currency translation
         The Group’s reporting currency is RMB. The functional currency of the Group’s entities incorporated in
         Cayman Islands, BVI, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United States of America is U.S. dollars (“US$”).
         The Group’s PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs determined their functional currency to be RMB. The
         Group’s entities incorporated in the Republic of Indonesia, Japan, France, Australia and other jurisdictions
         generally use their respective local currencies as their functional currencies. The determination of the
         respective functional currency is based on the criteria of ASC Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters.



                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022         301
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           f.    Foreign currency translation (Continued)
                 Transactions denominated in currencies other than functional currency are translated into functional
                 currency at the exchange rates quoted by authoritative banks prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
                 Exchange gains and losses resulting from those foreign currency transactions denominated in a currency
                 other than the functional currency are recorded as a component of others, net in the consolidated
                 statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Total exchange gains/(losses) were a loss of
                 RMB90 million, a gain of RMB42 million and a gain of RMB114 million for the years ended December 31,
                 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


                 The consolidated financial statements of the Group are translated from the functional currency into RMB.
                 Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into RMB using the applicable
                 exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts other than earnings generated in current
                 year are translated into RMB at the appropriate historical rates. Revenues, expenses, gains and losses
                 are translated into RMB using the periodic average exchange rates. The resulting foreign currency
                 translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) as a component
                 of shareholders’ equity. Total foreign currency translation adjustments to the Group’s other comprehensive
                 income/(loss) were a loss of RMB7,955 million, a loss of RMB2,872 million and a gain of RMB7,810 million
                 for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


           g.    Convenience translation
                 Translations of the consolidated balance sheets, the consolidated statements of operations and
                 comprehensive income/(loss) and the consolidated statements of cash flows from RMB into US$ as of and
                 for the year ended December 31, 2022 are solely for the convenience of the readers and were calculated
                 at the rate of US$1.00=RMB6.8972, representing the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical
                 release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board on December 30, 2022. No representation is made that the
                 RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into US$ at that rate on
                 December 31, 2022, or at any other rate.


           h.    Cash and cash equivalents
                 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, money market fund investments, time deposits and
                 highly liquid investments which have original maturities of three months or less.


           i.    Restricted cash
                 Cash that is restricted as to withdrawal or for use or pledged as security is reported separately on the
                 face of the consolidated balance sheets, and is included in the total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
                 cash in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Group’s restricted cash mainly represents security
                 deposits held in designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance and letter of guarantee.




302   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    j.   Short-term investments
         Short-term investments mainly include wealth management products, which are certain deposits with
         variable interest rates or principal not-guaranteed with certain financial institutions. Starting from 2021, the
         Group elects the fair value option to record wealth management products with variable interest rates and
         deposits indexed to foreign exchange with maturities less than one year at fair value in accordance with
         ASC 825 Financial Instruments. Changes in the fair value are reflected in the consolidated statements of
         operations and comprehensive income/(loss). The Group also holds deposits that earn fixed interest rate
         return only if the Group hold the securities to maturity. As the Group has the positive intent and ability to
         hold the deposits to maturity, they are classified as held-to-maturity and recorded at amortized cost. Prior
         to 2021, the Group recorded equity classified securities at fair market value with fair value change gains
         or losses recorded in interest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
         income/(loss) and recorded debt classified securities as available-for-sale debt securities and held-to-
         maturity securities. Available-for-sale securities were reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and
         losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains or losses were included in
         interest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) during the
         period in which the gain or loss was realized.

         In addition, short-term investments are also comprised of time deposits placed with banks with original
         maturities longer than three months but less than one year.

    k.   Accounts receivable, net
         Accounts receivable mainly represent amounts due from customers and online payment channels and are
         recorded net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

         The Group, in collaboration with Jingdong Technology Holding Co., Ltd. (“JD Technology”, formerly
         known as Jingdong Digits Technology Holding Co., Ltd), provides consumer financing to the qualified
         customers in the online retail business, such consumer financing receivables are recorded as accounts
         receivable. Due to the legacy contractual arrangements with JD Technology, the Group remains as the
         legal owner of the consumer financing receivables, where JD Technology performs the related credit
         assessment.

         JD Technology is obligated to purchase the consumer financing receivables past due over certain
         agreed period of time from the Group at carrying values to absorb the risks, as such, no allowance for
         doubtful accounts were provided. The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes
         consumer financing receivables through the transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles, please
         refer to Note 2(v).

         Other than the accounts receivable arising from the consumer financing, the Group evaluates its accounts
         receivable for expected credit losses on a regular basis. The Group maintains an estimated allowance
         for credit losses to reduce its accounts receivable to the amount that it believes will be collected. The
         Group uses the length of time a balance has been outstanding, the payment history, creditworthiness and
         financial conditions of the customers and industry trend as credit quality indicators to monitor the Group’s
         receivables within the scope of expected credit losses model, along with reasonable and supportable
         forecasts as a basis to develop the Group’s expected loss estimates. The Group adjusts the allowance




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         303
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           k.    Accounts receivable, net (Continued)
                 percentage periodically when there are significant differences between estimated bad debts and actual
                 bad debts. If there is strong evidence indicating that the accounts receivable is likely to be unrecoverable,
                 the Group also makes specific allowance in the period in which a loss is determined to be probable.
                 Accounts receivable balances are written off after all collection efforts have been exhausted.


           l.    Inventories, net
                 Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable
                 value. Cost of inventories is determined using the weighted average cost method. Adjustments are
                 recorded to write down the cost of inventories to the estimated net realizable value due to slow-moving
                 merchandise and damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as inventory aging, historical and
                 forecasted consumer demand, and market conditions that impact pricing. The Group takes ownership,
                 risks and rewards of the products purchased, but has arrangements to return unsold goods with certain
                 vendors. Write downs are recorded in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations and
                 comprehensive income/(loss).


                 The Group also provides fulfillment-related services in connection with the Group’s online marketplace.
                 Third-party merchants maintain ownership of their inventories and therefore these products are not
                 included in the Group’s inventories.


           m.    Loan receivables, net
                 Loan receivables represent the consumer financing, in collaboration with JD Technology, provided
                 to qualified individual customers on the Group’s online marketplace. Due to the legacy contractual
                 arrangements with JD Technology, the Group remains as the legal owner of the consumer financing
                 receivables, including such loan receivables, where JD Technology performs the related credit assessment
                 and absorbs the credit risks. The loan terms extended to the customers generally range from 1 month to
                 24 months. As JD Technology is obligated to purchase the receivables past due over certain agreed period
                 of time from the Group at carrying values to absorb the credit risks, no provision for doubtful accounts was
                 recorded for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. The loan receivables were measured at
                 amortized cost and reported in the consolidated balance sheets at outstanding principal. As of December
                 31, 2021 and 2022, the loan receivables with the collection period less than one year amounting to
                 RMB1,817 million and RMB2,131 million, respectively, were classified into prepayments and other current
                 assets in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the loan receivables with
                 the collection period over one year amounting to RMB733 million and RMB142 million, respectively, were
                 classified into other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Cash paid for loan originations
                 and cash received from loan repayments are classified as investing activities in the consolidated
                 statements of cash flows. The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes loan
                 receivables through the transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles, please refer to Note 2(v).




304   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    n.   Property, equipment and software, net
         Property, equipment and software are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.
         Property, equipment and software are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off their costs less
         impairment and residual value, if any, over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The estimated
         useful lives of major property, equipment and software are as follows:


           Category                                                                Estimated useful lives

           Electronic equipment                                                           3–5 years
           Office equipment                                                                 5 years
           Vehicles                                                                       3–6 years
           Logistics, warehouse and other heavy equipment                                 5–10 years
           Leasehold improvement                                           Over the shorter of the expected life of
                                                                         leasehold improvements or the lease term
           Software                                                                       3–5 years
           Land                                                                           Indefinite
           Building                                                                        40 years
           Building improvement                                                           5–10 years



         Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expenses as incurred, whereas the costs of renewals and
         betterment that extend the useful lives of property, equipment and software are capitalized as additions
         to the related assets. Retirements, sales and disposals of assets are recorded by removing the costs,
         accumulated depreciation and impairment with any resulting gain or loss recognized in the consolidated
         statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss).


    o.   Construction in progress
         Direct costs that are related to the construction of property, equipment and software and incurred in connection
         with bringing the assets to their intended use are capitalized as construction in progress. Construction in
         progress is transferred to specific property, equipment and software items and the depreciation of these
         assets commences when the assets are ready for their intended use. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
         construction in progress in the amount of RMB5,817 million and RMB11,161 million, respectively, were
         primarily relating to the construction of office buildings and warehouses.


    p.   Land use rights, net
         Land use rights are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided on a straight-line
         basis over the estimated useful lives which are 18 to 50 years and represent the shorter of the estimated
         usage periods or the terms of the agreements.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         305
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           q.    Intangible assets, net
                 Intangible assets purchased from third parties are initially recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line
                 basis over the estimated economic useful lives. The Group performs valuation of the intangible assets
                 arising from business combination to determine the fair value to be assigned to each asset acquired. The
                 Group determines the fair value using the appropriate approach which requires management to make
                 significant estimates and assumptions. The acquired intangible assets are recognized and measured at fair
                 value and are expensed or amortized using the straight-line approach over the estimated economic useful
                 lives of the assets.


                 The estimated useful lives of major intangible assets are as follows:


                     Category                                                              Estimated useful lives

                     Non-compete                                                                  5–8 years
                     Domain names and trademarks                                                  5–20 years
                     Customer relationship                                                        3–10 years
                     Technology and others                                                        3–10 years


           r.    Goodwill
                 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and
                 liabilities acquired in a business combination.


                 Goodwill is not depreciated or amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of
                 December 31, and in between annual tests when an event occurs or circumstances change that could
                 indicate that the asset might be impaired. In accordance with ASU 2017-04, Intangibles — Goodwill and
                 Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (“ASU 2017-04”) issued by the Financial
                 Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance on testing of goodwill for impairment, the Group first
                 assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
                 unit is less than its carrying amount. If as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than
                 not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment
                 test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required. The quantitative impairment test consists of
                 a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the
                 carrying amount of each reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss equal to the difference
                 between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying amount will be recorded.


                 Application of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the
                 identification of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to
                 reporting units, and determining the fair value of each reporting unit. The judgment in estimating the fair
                 value of reporting units includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates,
                 consideration of the impact of COVID-19, and making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and
                 assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit.


306   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    s.   Investment in equity investees
         Investment in equity investees represents the Group’s investments in privately held companies, publicly
         traded companies and private equity funds. The Group applies the equity method of accounting to account
         for an equity investment, in common stock or in-substance common stock, according to ASC Topic 323,
         Investment — Equity Method and Joint Ventures (“ASC 323”), over which it has significant influence but
         does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control.


         An investment in in-substance common stock is an investment in an entity that has risk and reward
         characteristics that are substantially similar to that entity’s common stock. The Group considers
         subordination, risks and rewards of ownership and obligation to transfer value when determining whether
         an investment in an entity is substantially similar to an investment in that entity’s common stock.


         Under the equity method, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the equity
         investees are recorded in share of results of equity investees in the consolidated statements of operations
         and comprehensive income/(loss) and its share of post-acquisition movements of accumulated other
         comprehensive income/(loss) are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) as a
         component of shareholders’ equity. The Group records its share of the results of equity investments
         in publicly listed companies and certain privately held companies on one quarter in arrears basis. The
         excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the underlying equity in net assets of the equity
         investee represents goodwill and intangible assets acquired. When the Group’s share of losses in the
         equity investee equals or exceeds its interest in the equity investee, the Group does not recognize further
         losses, unless the Group has incurred obligations or made payments or guarantees on behalf of the equity
         investee, or the Group holds other investments in the equity investee.


         The Group continually reviews its investment in equity investees under equity method to determine
         whether a decline in fair value to below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. The primary factors
         the Group considers in its determination are the duration and severity of the decline in fair value, the
         financial condition, operating performance and the prospects of the equity investee, and other company
         specific information such as recent financing rounds. If the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-
         temporary, the carrying value of the equity investee is written down to fair value.


         Private equity funds pursue various investment strategies, including event driven and multi-strategy.
         Investments in private equity funds generally are not redeemable due to the closed-ended nature of
         these funds. These private equity funds, over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise
         significant influence, are accounted for under the existing practical expedient in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value
         Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”) to estimate fair value using the net asset value per share
         (or its equivalent) of the investment (“NAV practical expedient”).




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        307
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           s.    Investment in equity investees (Continued)
                 The Group’s equity investments without readily determinable fair values, which do not qualify for NAV
                 practical expedient and over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise significant influence
                 through the investments in common stock or in substance common stock, are accounted for under the
                 measurement alternative (the “Measurement Alternative”) in accordance with ASU 2016-01, Financial
                 Instruments — Overall (Subtopic 825-10) — Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
                 Financial Liabilities (“ASU 2016-01”). Under the Measurement Alternative, the carrying value is measured
                 at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly
                 transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. All gains and losses on these
                 investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in others, net in the consolidated statements of
                 operations and comprehensive income/(loss). The Group makes assessment of whether an investment is
                 impaired based on performance and financial position of the investee as well as other evidence of market
                 value at each reporting date. Such assessment includes, but is not limited to, reviewing the investee’s
                 cash position, recent financing, as well as the financial and business performance. The Group recognizes
                 an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and fair value in others, net in
                 the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) if there is any. When the
                 investments become qualified for use of the equity method, the Group remeasures the previously held
                 interest in the investments at fair value, if any observable price changes in orderly transactions identified
                 for an identical or a similar investment, immediately before it applying the equity method, in accordance
                 with ASU 2020-01, Investments — Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments — Equity Method and Joint
                 Ventures (Topic 323).


           t.    Investment securities
                 The Group invests in marketable equity securities to meet business objectives. These marketable securities
                 are classified as investments with readily determinable fair values, which are reported at fair value in the
                 consolidated balance sheets, the unrealized gains and losses on equity securities are recorded in others,
                 net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) under ASU 2016-01.


           u.    Impairment of long-lived assets
                 Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as
                 a significant adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate
                 that the carrying value of an asset or an asset group may not be fully recoverable or that the useful life
                 is shorter than the Group had originally estimated. When these events occur, the Group evaluates the
                 impairment for the long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value of the asset or the asset group to
                 an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the use of the asset or the
                 asset group and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows is less
                 than the carrying value of the asset or the asset group, the Group recognizes an impairment loss based on
                 the excess of the carrying value of the asset or the asset group over its fair value.




308   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    v.   Nonrecourse securitization debt and transfer of financial assets
         The Group, in collaboration with JD Technology, periodically securitizes accounts receivable and loan
         receivables arising from consumer financing through the transfer of those assets to securitization vehicles.
         The securitization vehicles then issue (1) debt securities to third-party investors and JD Technology,
         or (2) trust beneficiary rights to the Group which are immediately transferred to third-party investors,
         collateralized by the transferred assets. The asset-backed debt securities issued by the securitization
         vehicles and the trust beneficiary rights transferred by the Group are nonrecourse to the Group and are
         payable only out of collections on their respective underlying collateralized assets.


         The securitization vehicles are considered variable interest entities pursuant to ASC Topic 810,
         Consolidation. The Group will consolidate the securitization vehicles when economic interests are retained
         in the form of subordinated interests, and acting as the servicer of securitization vehicles. Accordingly, the
         Group is precluded from recording the related transfers of assets in securitization transactions as sales.
         Asset-backed debt securities issued by the consolidated securitization vehicles are accounted for as the
         financing type transactions.


         The Group does not consolidate the securitization vehicles when no economic interests are retained by the
         Group, and the Group has no continuing involvements, including the servicer of the securitization vehicles.
         Transfers are accounted for as sale and corresponding transferred accounts receivable are de-recognized in
         the consolidated balance sheets pursuant to ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing (“ASC 860”), only if
         they meet all of the three criteria: (i) the transferred financial assets have been isolated from the transferor
         and its creditor, (ii) each transferee has the rights to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, or the
         transferor has no continuing involvement with the transferred financial assets, and (iii) the transferor does
         not maintain effective control over the transferred financial assets or third-party beneficial interests related
         to those transferred assets. Otherwise, the transfers of the assets are accounted for as a financing type
         transaction if the conditions in ASC 860-10-40-5 are not met. The under common control relationship of
         the transferor and transferee should be ignored when applying ASC 860, as long as the transferee is not
         consolidated by the transferor. The gain/loss recorded upon the sale accounting was immaterial for the
         periods presented.


    w.   Unsecured senior notes and long-term borrowings
         Unsecured senior notes are recognized initially at fair value, net of debt discounts or premiums and debt
         issuance costs. Debt discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs are recorded as a reduction of the
         principal amount and the related accretion is recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statements
         of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) over the maturities of the notes using the effective
         interest method.


         Long-term borrowings are recognized at carrying amount. Interest expense is accrued over the estimated
         term of the facilities and recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
         income/(loss).



                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         309
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           x.    Fair value
                 Accounting guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to
                 transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When
                 determining the fair value measurement for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at
                 fair value, the Group considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it
                 considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.


                 The Group measures certain financial assets, including investments under the equity method on other-than-
                 temporary basis, investments under the Measurement Alternative, intangible assets, goodwill and fixed
                 assets at fair value when an impairment charge is recognized.


                 Accounting guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of
                 observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial
                 instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
                 significant to the fair value measurement. Accounting guidance establishes three levels of inputs that may
                 be used to measure fair value:

                 Level 1 — Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in
                            active markets.

                 Level 2 — Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.

                 Level 3 — Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.


                 Accounting guidance also describes three main approaches to measuring the fair value of assets and
                 liabilities: (1) market approach; (2) income approach and (3) cost approach. The market approach uses
                 prices and other relevant information generated from market transactions involving identical or comparable
                 assets or liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single
                 present value amount. The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations
                 about those future amounts. The cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required
                 to replace an asset.


           y.    Revenues
                 Consistent with the criteria of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), the
                 Group recognizes revenues when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised
                 good or service (that is, an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when the customer obtains
                 control of that asset.




310   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    y.   Revenues (Continued)
         In accordance with ASC 606, the Group evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of
         product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Group is a principal,
         that the Group obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the
         customers, the revenues should be recognized in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects
         to be entitled in exchange for the specified goods or services transferred. When the Group is an agent
         and its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance obligation for specified goods or
         services, the revenues should be recognized in the net amount for the amount of commission which the
         Group earns in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties.
         Revenues are recorded net of value added taxes.


         The Group recognizes revenues net of discounts and return allowances when the products are delivered
         and title is passed to customers. Significant judgement is required to estimate return allowances. For
         online retail business with return conditions, the Group reasonably estimates the possibility of return based
         on the historical experience, changes in judgments on these assumptions and estimates could materially
         impact the amount of net revenues recognized. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, liabilities for return
         allowances were RMB618 million and RMB743 million, respectively, which were included in “Accrued
         expenses and other current liabilities”. The rights to recover products from customers associated with the
         Group’s liabilities for return allowances are the Group’s assets, which were RMB660 million and RMB785
         million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and were included in “Prepayments and other
         current assets”.


         The Group also sells prepaid cards which can be redeemed to purchase products sold on the JD Platform.
         In accordance with ASC 606, the cash collected from the sales of prepaid cards is initially recorded in
         advance from customers in the consolidated balance sheets and subsequently recognized as revenues
         upon the sales of the respective products through redemption of prepaid cards are completed. The Group
         recognizes revenue from estimated unredeemed prepaid cards over the expected customer redemption
         periods, rather than waiting until prepaid cards expire or when the likelihood of redemption becomes
         remote in accordance with ASC 606.


         Revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables are divided into separate units of accounting based on
         the SSP of each separate unit. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as the Group does
         not have vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of the selling prices of the deliverables,
         considerations are allocated using estimated selling prices. Determining the SSP of each separate unit may
         require significant judgments, and significant assumptions and estimates have been made in estimating
         the relative selling price of each single-element.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022         311
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           y.    Revenues (Continued)
                 Net Product Revenues
                 The Group recognizes the product revenues from the online retail business on a gross basis as the
                 Group is acting as a principal in these transactions and is responsible for fulfilling the promise to
                 provide the specified goods. Revenues from the sales of electronics and home appliance products were
                 RMB400,927 million, RMB492,592 million and RMB515,945 million, and revenues from the sales of
                 general merchandise products were RMB250,952 million, RMB323,063 million and RMB349,117 million,
                 for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The Group’s net product revenues
                 were mainly generated by the JD Retail segment.


                 Net Service Revenues
                 The Group charges commission fees to third-party merchants for participating in the Group’s online
                 marketplace, where the Group generally is acting as an agent and its performance obligation is to arrange
                 for the provision of the specified goods or services by those third-party merchants. Upon successful sales,
                 the Group charges the third-party merchants a negotiated amount or a fixed rate commission fee based
                 on the sales amount. Commission fee revenues are recognized on a net basis at the point of delivery of
                 products, net of return allowances.


                 The Group provides marketing services to third-party merchants, suppliers and other business partners
                 on its various website channels and third-party marketing affiliate’s websites, including but not limited to
                 pay for performance marketing services on which the customers are charged based on effective clicks on
                 their product information, and display advertising services that allow customers to place advertisements on
                 various websites. The Group recognizes revenues from pay for performance marketing services based on
                 effective clicks, and recognizes revenues from display advertising services ratably over the period during
                 which the advertising services are provided or on the number of times that the advertisement has been
                 displayed based on cost per thousand impressions. The Group did not enter into material advertising-for-
                 advertising barter transactions for the periods presented.


                 The Group opens its fulfillment infrastructure by offering integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
                 services to third parties through JD Logistics, primarily including warehousing and distribution services,
                 express and freight delivery services and other value-added services. Revenues generated from these
                 services are primarily recognized over time as the Group performs the services in the contracts because of
                 the continuous transfer of control to the customers.


                 JD Plus memberships provide the Group’s core customers with a better shopping experience, access to
                 an evolving suite of benefits that represent a single stand-ready obligation. Subscriptions are paid for at the
                 time of or in advance of delivering the services. Revenues from such arrangements are recognized over
                 the subscription period.




312   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    y.   Revenues (Continued)
         Net Service Revenues (Continued)
         The Group offers comprehensive customer services, primarily include 7*24 hours customer services to
         respond to customers’ post-sales requests, return and exchange services to facilitate customers’ return,
         exchange and repair of defective goods. These services are free of charge. The Group also provides return/
         exchange logistics services to the customers, of which the revenues recognized were not material for the
         periods presented.

         The Group also provides on-demand retail platform services and on-demand delivery services through
         Dada. For on-demand retail platform services, the Group acts as an agent and charges the retailer a fixed
         rate commission fee based on the sales amount and commission fee revenues on a net basis at the point
         of delivery of merchandise upon successful sales. For on-demand delivery services, the Group acts as an
         agent and recognizes revenue on a net basis at the point of delivery of merchandise. In addition, the Group
         fulfills the delivery needs of retailers and other business customers on Dada’s platforms, the Group has
         determined that it acts as the principal in these transactions and recognizes revenues on a gross basis at a
         fixed rate or a pre-determined amount for each completed delivery.

         Revenues from online marketplace and marketing services were RMB53,473 million, RMB72,118 million
         and RMB81,970 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, which
         were mainly generated by the JD Retail segment. Revenues from logistics and other services were
         RMB40,450 million, RMB63,819 million and RMB99,204 million, for the years ended December 31, 2020,
         2021 and 2022, respectively, which were mainly generated by the JD Logistics segment.

    z.   Contract balances
         Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Accounts receivable
         represent amounts invoiced and revenues recognized prior to invoicing when the Group has satisfied the
         Group’s performance obligation and has the unconditional rights to payment. The balances of accounts
         receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts were RMB11,900 million and RMB20,576 million as of
         December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.

         Unearned revenues consist of payments received or awards to customers related to unsatisfied
         performance obligation at the end of the period, included in current and non-current deferred revenues
         and advance from customers in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the
         Group’s total unearned revenues were RMB29,184 million, of which RMB22,103 million was recognized
         as revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Group’s total unearned revenues were
         RMB33,325 million as of December 31, 2022.

         The Group applied a practical expedient to expense costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract with
         a customer when the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs include certain
         partner sales incentive programs. The Group has no material incremental costs of obtaining contracts with
         customers that the Group expects the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year which need to be
         recognized as assets.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022        313
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           aa. Customer incentives and loyalty programs
                 The Group provides two types of discounted coupons, referred to as D Coupons and J Coupons, for free to
                 its customers to incentivize purchase.

                 •    D Coupons are given to a customer upon current purchase or can be given for free to promote future
                      purchases. This coupon requires the customer to make future purchase of a minimum value in order
                      to enjoy the value provided by the coupon. The rights to purchase discounted products in the future
                      are not considered as a separate performance obligation under ASC 606, as the discount does not
                      represent a material rights to the customer. The Group assesses the significance of the discount by
                      considering its percentage of the total future minimum purchase value, historical usage pattern by
                      the customers and relative outstanding volume and monetary value of D Coupons compared to the
                      other discounts offered by the Group. D Coupons are accounted for as a reduction of revenues on
                      the future purchase.

                 •    J Coupons are given to a customer upon their qualified purchase or can be given for free to promote
                      future purchases and are to be used on a future purchase, with no limitation as to the minimum
                      value of the future purchase. Accordingly, the Group has determined that J Coupons awarded
                      are considered as a separate performance obligation within the scope of ASC 606, as J Coupons
                      represent a material rights to the customer. Therefore, the delivered products and J Coupons
                      awarded are treated as two distinct performance obligations identified in the contract. The total
                      sales consideration is allocated based on management’s best estimate of the relative SSP of each
                      performance obligation. The amount allocated to J Coupons is deferred and recognized when J
                      Coupons are redeemed or at the coupon’s expiration, whichever occurs first. J Coupons have an
                      expiration of one year after issuance. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the
                      amounts of expired J Coupons were not material.

                 Registered customers may also earn J Beans, which were launched based on certain activities performed
                 on the Group’s website by the customers such as purchasing merchandise or reviewing their buying
                 experiences. J Beans can be used as cash to buy any products sold by the Group, which will directly
                 reduce the amount paid by the customer, or redeemed for D Coupons that can be used in certain shops
                 on JD Platform. The Group considers J Beans awarded from sales of products and reviewing buying
                 experiences to be part of its revenue generating activities. Thus J Beans are considered to be a separate
                 performance obligation identified in the contract. Therefore, the sales consideration is allocated to the
                 products and J Beans based on the relative SSP of the products and J Beans awarded. Consideration
                 allocated to J Beans is initially recorded as deferred revenues, and recognized as revenues when J Beans
                 are used or expired. J Beans will expire at the subsequent year end after issuance. For the years ended
                 December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the amounts of expired J Beans were not material.


           bb. Cost of revenues
                 Cost of revenues consists primarily of purchase price of products, inbound shipping charges, write-downs
                 of inventories, traffic acquisition costs related to online marketing services, and cost related to logistics
                 services provided to third parties.




314   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    cc. Rebates and subsidies
        The Group periodically receives considerations from certain vendors, representing rebates for products sold
        and subsidies for the sales of the vendors’ products over a period of time. The rebates are not sufficiently
        separable from the Group’s purchase of the vendors’ products and they do not represent a reimbursement
        of costs incurred by the Group to sell vendors’ products. The Group accounts for the rebates received
        from its vendors as a reduction to the prices it pays for the products purchased and therefore the Group
        records such amounts as a reduction of cost of revenues when recognized in the consolidated statements
        of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Rebates are earned upon reaching minimum purchase
        thresholds for a specified period. When volume rebates can be reasonably estimated based on the Group’s
        past experiences and current forecasts, a portion of the rebates is recognized as the Group makes progress
        towards the purchase threshold. Subsidies are calculated based on the volume of products sold through
        the Group and are recorded as a reduction of cost of revenues when the sales have been completed and
        the amount is determinable.


    dd. Fulfillment
        Fulfillment expenses consist primarily of (i) expenses incurred in operating the Group’s fulfillment centers,
        customer service centers and physical stores, including personnel cost and expenses attributable to
        buying, receiving, inspecting and warehousing inventories, picking, packaging, and preparing customer
        orders for shipment, processing payment and related transaction costs, (ii) expenses charged by third-party
        couriers for dispatching and delivering the Group’s products, (iii) lease expenses of warehouses, delivery
        and pickup stations, and physical stores, and (iv) depreciation and amortization of logistics and electronic
        equipment. The cost related to logistics services provided to third parties is classified in cost of revenues
        in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Shipping cost included in
        fulfillment expenses amounted to RMB23,088 million, RMB27,786 million and RMB28,958 million for the
        years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


    ee. Marketing
        Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs, public relations expenditures, and payroll and
        related expenses for employees involved in marketing and business development activities. The Group
        pays commissions to participants in the associates program when their customer referrals result in
        successful product sales and records such costs in marketing in the consolidated statements of operations
        and comprehensive income/(loss).


        Advertising costs, which consist primarily of online advertising, offline television, movie and outdoor
        advertising, and incentive programs to attract or retain consumers for the Group’s online marketplace, are
        expensed as incurred, and totaled RMB23,088 million, RMB32,704 million and RMB29,898 million for the
        years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022        315
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           ff.   Research and development
                 Research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses for research
                 and development employees involved in designing, developing and maintaining technology platform,
                 and application of artificial intelligence, big data and cloud technologies and services, and technology
                 infrastructure costs. Technology infrastructure costs include servers and other equipment depreciation,
                 bandwidth and data center costs, rent, utilities and other expenses necessary to support the Group’s
                 internal and external business. Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. Software
                 development costs are recorded in “Research and development” as incurred as the costs qualifying for
                 capitalization have been insignificant.


           gg. General and administrative
                 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee related expenses for general corporate
                 functions, including accounting, finance, tax, legal and human relations; costs associated with these
                 functions including facilities and equipment depreciation expenses, rental and other general corporate
                 related expenses.


           hh. Share-based compensation
                 The Group grants restricted share units (“RSUs”) and share options of the Company and its subsidiaries to
                 eligible employees and non-employees. The Group accounts for share-based awards issued to employees
                 and non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718 Compensation — Stock Compensation.


                 Employees’ share-based awards, non-employees’ share-based awards and the founder’s share-based
                 awards are measured at the grant date fair value of the awards and recognized as expenses a) immediately
                 at grant date if no vesting conditions are required; or b) using graded vesting method, net of estimated
                 forfeitures, over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period.


                 All transactions in which goods or services are received in exchange for equity instruments are accounted
                 for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued,
                 whichever is more reliably measurable.


                 The Group uses binomial option-pricing model or other appropriate methods to estimate the fair value of
                 share options. The determination of estimated fair value of share-based payment awards on the grant date
                 is affected by the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares as well as assumptions regarding a number
                 of complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected value volatility of the Company
                 over the expected term of the awards, actual and projected employee share option exercise behaviors, a
                 risk-free interest rate, exercise multiple and expected dividend yield, if any.




316   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    hh. Share-based compensation (Continued)
          Determination of estimated fair value of the Company’s subsidiaries before they were publicly listed
          requires complex and subjective judgments due to their limited financial and operating history, unique
          business risks and limited public information on companies in China similar to the Company’s subsidiaries.
          The Company estimates the Company’s subsidiaries’ enterprise value for purposes of recording share-based
          compensation, and the information considered by the Company mainly include but are not limited to the
          pricing of recent rounds of financing, future cash flow forecasts, discount rates, and liquidity factors.


          The Group recognizes the estimated compensation cost of RSUs based on the fair value of its ordinary
          shares on the date of the grant. The Group recognizes the compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures,
          over a vesting term for service-based RSUs.


          The Group also recognizes the compensation cost of performance-based share awards, net of
          estimated forfeitures, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved at the end of each
          reporting period.


          Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in the subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
          differ from those estimates.


          A change in the terms or conditions of a share-based award, or cancellation of a share-based award
          accompanied by the concurrent grant of a replacement award is accounted for as a modification (that is,
          an exchange of the original award for a new award), unless the award’s fair value, vesting conditions,
          and classification as an equity instrument are the same as immediately before and after the change. The
          Group recognized incremental compensation cost for an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the
          modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before the modification. Therefore, in
          relation to the modified award, the Group recognized share-based compensation over the vesting periods
          of the modified award.


    ii.   Income tax
          Current income taxes are provided on the basis of net income for financial reporting purposes, adjusted
          for income and expense items which are not assessable or deductible for income tax purposes, in
          accordance with the regulations of the relevant tax jurisdictions. The Group follows the liability method of
          accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based
          on the temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts and tax bases of existing
          assets and liabilities by applying enacted statutory tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which
          the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Group records a valuation allowance to reduce
          the amount of deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not
          that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes
          of a change in tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
          income/(loss) in the period of change. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current in the
          consolidated balance sheets.


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        317
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           ii.   Income tax (Continued)
                 The Group recognizes in its consolidated financial statements the benefit of a tax position if the tax
                 position is “more likely than not” to prevail based on the facts and technical merits of the position. Tax
                 positions that meet the “more likely than not” recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount
                 of tax benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Group
                 estimates its liability for unrecognized tax benefits which are periodically assessed and may be affected
                 by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities, changes and/or developments with respect
                 to tax audits, and expiration of the statute of limitations. The ultimate outcome for a particular tax position
                 may not be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion of a tax audit and, in some cases, appeal or
                 litigation process. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from the Group’s estimates. As each
                 audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in the Group’s consolidated financial statements in
                 the period in which the audit is concluded. Additionally, in future periods, changes in facts, circumstances
                 and new information may require the Group to adjust the recognition and measurement estimates with
                 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recognized in
                 the period in which the changes occur. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group did not have any
                 significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.


           jj.   Leases
                 In accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”), The Group, using the modified retrospective
                 transition approach through a cumulative-effect adjustment in the period of adoption rather than
                 retrospectively adjusting prior periods and the package of practical expedients, categorizes leases with
                 contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance lease. However, the Group has
                 no finance leases for any of the periods presented.


                 Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets represent the Group’s rights to use underlying assets for the lease term
                 and lease liabilities represent the Group’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
                 Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
                 value of lease payments over the lease term, reduced by lease incentives received, plus any initial direct
                 costs, using the discount rate for the lease at the commencement date. As the implicit rate in lease is not
                 readily determinable for the Group’s operating leases, the Group generally use the incremental borrowing
                 rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease
                 payments at commencement date. The Group’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate
                 the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease
                 payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Group accounts for lease and
                 non-lease components separately.




318   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    jj.   Leases (Continued)
          The Group also enters into sale and leaseback transactions. The Group acts as the seller-lessee, transfers
          its assets to a third-party entity (the buyer-lessor) and then leases the transferred assets back from the
          buyer-lessor at an arm-length rental price. Upon consideration of ASC Topic 842-40-25-1 and ASC 606,
          the transfer of the underlying assets is considered as sales, and according to ASC 842, the leaseback
          transaction is classified as an operating lease. Therefore, the sale and the leaseback of the underlying
          assets are separately accounted for by the Group. Upon completion of the transaction, the legal titles of
          these assets are transferred to the third-party entity (the buyer-lessor), and the Group derecognizes these
          transferred assets and recognizes gains or losses from disposal of these assets in accordance with ASC
          Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment. The leaseback transactions are accounted for under ASC 842,
          and the ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date accordingly.

          The Group leases warehouses, offices, and store space to third-parties. The arrangements are in the
          nature of operating lease which is neither a sales-type nor direct-financing lease. As such, the underlying
          assets remain on the Group’s balance sheet at their carrying value and continue to depreciate the assets
          based on the estimated useful life. Rental revenue should be recognized on a straight-line basis (or another
          systematic basis if that basis is more representative of the pattern in which income is earned from the
          underlying assets over the term of the respective lease). The Group records an unbilled rent receivable,
          which is the amount by which straight-line rental revenue exceeds rents currently billed in accordance with
          the lease.

    kk. Comprehensive income/(loss)
          Comprehensive income/(loss) is defined as the changes in equity of the Group during a period from transactions
          and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments from shareholders and
          distributions to shareholders. Comprehensive income/(loss) for the periods presented primarily includes net
          income/(loss), change in unrealized gains/(losses) on available-for-sale debt securities and foreign currency
          translation adjustments.

    ll.   Net income/(loss) per share
          Basic net income/(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary
          shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. For the
          calculation of diluted net income/(loss) per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares is
          adjusted by the effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares, including unvested RSUs and ordinary shares
          issuable upon the exercise of outstanding share options using the treasury stock method. Additionally, the
          Company takes into account the effect of dilutive shares of entities in which the Company holds equity
          interests. The dilutive impacts from equity interests mainly include equity investments accounted for using
          the equity method and the consolidated subsidiaries. The effect mentioned above is not included in the
          calculation of the diluted income/(loss) per share when inclusion of such effect would be anti-dilutive.

    mm. Segment reporting
          Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial
          information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), or
          decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Group’s
          CODM is the Chief Executive Officer.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        319
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           mm. Segment reporting (Continued)
                 Before 2021, the Group’s principal operations were organized into two major business segments, JD Retail
                 and New Businesses, which were defined based on the products and services provided. JD Retail mainly
                 consisted of online retail, online marketplace and marketing services in China. New Businesses included
                 logistics services provided to third parties, overseas business, technology initiatives, as well as asset
                 management services to logistics property investors and sale of development properties by JD Property.

                 Beginning with the first quarter of 2021, the Group implemented certain segment reporting changes
                 to better reflect its recently optimized organizational structure and business developments. The major
                 changes in segment information mainly include: (1) Reported the results of JD Logistics as a new
                 standalone segment. JD Logistics listed on the Main Board of HKEX on May 28, 2021. (2) Moved the
                 results of Jingxi and the internal business of JD Property from JD Retail to New Businesses. The changes
                 relate to the realignment of JD Retail in connection with the establishment of the new Jingxi business
                 group and the closing of JD Property Series A Preference Shares financing. As a result, the Group reported
                 three segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics and New Businesses in 2021. JD Retail mainly consisted of online
                 retail, online marketplace and marketing services in China. JD Logistics included both internal and external
                 logistics businesses. New Businesses mainly included JD Property, Jingxi, overseas businesses and
                 technology initiatives.

                 The Group consolidated Dada since February 28, 2022 and reported the results of Dada as a new
                 standalone segment. The Group also consolidated China Logistics Property Holdings Co., Ltd. (“CNLP”)
                 through JD Property since March 1, 2022 and reported the results of CNLP in the New Businesses
                 segment. In addition, the Group has consolidated Ningbo Meishan Baoshui Area Deppon Investment
                 Holding Company Limited (“Deppon Holdco”) except the Excluded Business as defined in Note 7 since
                 July 26, 2022 and reported the results of Deppon Holdco except the Excluded Business as defined in Note
                 7 in the JD Logistics segment. As a result, the Group now reports four segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics,
                 Dada and New Businesses. JD Retail mainly consists of online retail, online marketplace and marketing
                 services in China. JD Logistics includes both internal and external logistics businesses. Dada is a local on-
                 demand delivery and retail platform in China. New Businesses mainly include JD Property, Jingxi, overseas
                 businesses and technology initiatives.

                 These changes align with the manner in which the Group’s CODM uses financial information to evaluate
                 the performance of, and to allocate resources to, each of the segments. The prior periods’ segment
                 operating results have been retrospectively recast to conform to current period presentation.

           nn. Statutory reserves
                 The Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs established in the Chinese mainland are required to
                 make appropriations to certain non-distributable reserve funds.

                 In accordance with the laws applicable to the Foreign Investment Enterprises established in the PRC,
                 the Group’s subsidiaries registered as wholly-owned foreign enterprise have to make appropriations from
                 their after-tax profits (as determined under generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC (“PRC
                 GAAP”)) to reserve funds including general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund and staff bonus and
                 welfare fund. The appropriation to the general reserve fund must be at least 10% of the after-tax profits
                 calculated in accordance with the PRC GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the general reserve fund has
                 reached 50% of the registered capital of the company. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund
                 and staff bonus and welfare fund are made at the respective company’s discretion.



320   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    nn. Statutory reserves (Continued)
        In addition, in accordance with the PRC Company Laws, the Group’s consolidated VIEs, registered as
        Chinese domestic companies, must make appropriations from their after-tax profits as determined under
        the PRC GAAP to non-distributable reserve funds including statutory surplus fund and discretionary
        surplus fund. The appropriation to the statutory surplus fund must be 10% of the after-tax profits as
        determined under the PRC GAAP. Appropriation is not required if the statutory surplus fund has reached
        50% of the registered capital of the company. Appropriation to the discretionary surplus fund is made at
        the discretion of the respective company.

        The use of the general reserve fund, enterprise expansion fund, statutory surplus fund and discretionary
        surplus fund are restricted to the offsetting of losses or increasing of the registered capital of the
        respective company. The staff bonus and welfare fund is a liability in nature and is restricted to fund
        payments of special bonus to employees and for the collective welfare of employees. None of these
        reserves are allowed to be transferred to the company in terms of cash dividends, loans or advances, nor
        can they be distributed except under liquidation.

        For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, profit appropriation to statutory surplus fund
        for the Group’s entities incorporated in the Chinese mainland was approximately RMB74 million, RMB53
        million and RMB1,887 million, respectively. No appropriation to other reserve funds was made for any of
        the periods presented.

    oo. Recent accounting pronouncements
        Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
        In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt — Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic
        470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging — Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting
        for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity, which simplifies the accounting
        for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models available for convertible debt
        instruments. This guidance also eliminates the treasury stock method to calculate diluted earnings per
        share for convertible instruments and requires the use of the if-converted method. For public companies,
        the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within
        those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Group adopted this standard beginning January 1, 2022
        and the impact was not material to the consolidated financial statements.

        In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosure by
        Business Entities about Government Assistance (ASU 2021-10), which improves the transparency of
        government assistance received by most business entities by requiring the disclosure of: (1) the types of
        government assistance received; (2) the accounting for such assistance; and (3) the effect of the assistance
        on a business entity’s financial statements. This guidance is effective in the year ended December 31,
        2022, with early adoption permitted. The Group adopted this standard in the year ended December 31,
        2022 and the impact was not material to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        321
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
           oo. Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)
                 Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
                 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, which amends ASC 805 to “require acquiring entities
                 to apply Topic 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business
                 combination.” Under current GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes such items at fair value on the
                 acquisition date. According to the FASB, this update is intended “to improve the accounting for acquired
                 revenue contracts with customers in a business combination by addressing diversity in practice and
                 inconsistency related to the following: a. Recognition of an acquired contract liability; b. Payment terms
                 and their effect on subsequent revenue recognized by the acquirer.” For public business entities, the
                 amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including
                 interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in this update should be applied prospectively
                 to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. The adoption of this
                 standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

                 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, which (1) clarifies the guidance in ASC 820 on the fair value
                 measurement of an equity security that is subject to a contractual sale restriction and (2) requires specific
                 disclosures related to such an equity security. ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a “contractual sale restriction
                 prohibiting the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the equity
                 security” and is not included in the equity security’s unit of account. Accordingly, an entity should not
                 consider the contractual sale restriction when measuring the equity security’s fair value (i.e., the entity
                 should not apply a discount related to the contractual sale restriction, as stated in ASC 820-10-35-36B
                 as amended by the ASU). In addition, the ASU prohibits an entity from recognizing a contractual sale
                 restriction as a separate unit of account. For public business entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal
                 years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early
                 adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s
                 consolidated financial statements.

                 In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04 to enhance transparency about an entity’s use of
                 supplier finance programs. ASU 2022-04 requires the buyer in a supplier finance program to disclose
                 qualitative and quantitative information about the program, and at a minimum, the following at least
                 annually: (1) the key terms of the program; including payment terms and assets pledged as security or
                 other forms of guarantees; (2) the amount of obligations outstanding at the end of the reporting period that
                 the buyer has confirmed as valid; a description of where those obligations are presented in the balance
                 sheet; rollforward information for the annual period showing the amount at the beginning of the period, the
                 amount added during the period, the amount settled during the period, and the amount outstanding at the
                 end of the period. The amendments in are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022,
                 including interim periods within those fiscal years, except for the amendment on rollforward information,
                 which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted. The
                 Group is currently evaluating the impact of the amendments on its consolidated financial statements.




322   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   Concentration and Risks
    Concentration of customers and suppliers
    There are no customers or suppliers from whom revenues or purchases individually represent greater than 10%
    of the total revenues or the total purchases of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.


    Concentration of credit risk
    Assets that potentially subject the Group to significant concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of cash and
    cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, short-term investments and certain wealth management
    products in other non-current assets. The maximum exposure of such assets to credit risk is their carrying
    amounts as of the balance sheet dates. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, majority of the Group’s cash and
    cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments were held at major financial institutions located in
    the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong which the management believes are of high credit quality. Bank failure
    is uncommon in China and the Group believes that those Chinese banks that hold the Group’s cash and cash
    equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments and certain wealth management products in other non-
    current assets are financially sound based on publicly available information. Accounts receivable are typically
    unsecured and are mainly derived from revenues earned from customers in the PRC. The risk with respect to
    accounts receivable is mitigated by credit evaluations the Group performs on its customers and its ongoing
    monitoring processes of outstanding balances. Besides, JD Technology performs the related credit assessment
    of the consumer financing receivables recorded in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets. JD Technology
    purchases the consumer financing receivables past due over certain agreed period of time from the Group at
    carrying values without recourse and also agrees to bear other cost directly related to the consumer financing
    business to absorb the risks.

    Currency convertibility risk
    The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies. The Group’s
    cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments and time deposits with maturities more
    than one year in other non-current assets denominated in RMB that are subject to such government controls
    amounted to RMB99,174 million and RMB146,152 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
    The value of RMB is subject to changes in the central government policies and to international economic and
    political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market. In the
    PRC, certain foreign exchange transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial
    institutions at exchange rates set by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). Remittances in currencies other
    than RMB by the Group in the Chinese mainland must be processed through the PBOC or other Chinese foreign
    exchange regulatory bodies which require certain supporting documentation in order to process the remittance.


    Foreign currency exchange rate risk
    The RMB has fluctuated against the US$, at times significantly and unpredictably during the reporting periods.
    The appreciation and depreciation of the RMB against the US$ was approximately 2% and 8% for the years
    ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. It is difficult to predict how market forces or the PRC or
    U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the US$ in the future.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        323
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      4    Restricted Cash
           To meet the requirements of specific business operations, primarily including secured deposits held in
           designated bank accounts for issuance of bank acceptance and letter of guarantee, the Group held restricted
           cash of RMB5,926 million and RMB6,254 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.

      5    Fair Value Measurement
           As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, information about inputs into the fair value measurement of the Group’s
           assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial
           recognition is as follows:

                                                                       Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                                  Quoted Prices
                                                      Fair Value       in Active            Significant
                                                            as of   Markets for                   Other        Significant
                                                   December 31, Identical Assets            Observable       Unobservable
             Description                                    2021        (Level 1)       Inputs (Level 2)   Inputs (Level 3)
                                                                            (RMB in millions)

             Assets:
             Restricted cash                                5,926                  —              5,926                  —
             Short-term investments
               Wealth management products                  77,010                  —             77,010                  —
             Investment securities
               Listed equity securities                    19,088             19,088                  —                  —

             Total assets                                 102,024             19,088             82,936                  —


                                                                       Fair value measurement at reporting date using
                                                                      Quoted Prices
                                                      Fair Value           in Active        Significant
                                                            as of       Markets for               Other        Significant
                                                   December 31,     Identical Assets        Observable       Unobservable
             Description                                    2022            (Level 1)   Inputs (Level 2)   Inputs (Level 3)
                                                                            (RMB in millions)

             Assets:
             Restricted cash                                6,254                  —              6,254                  —
             Short-term investments
                Wealth management products                 71,496                  —             71,496                  —
             Investment securities
                Listed equity securities                   11,611             11,611                  —                  —
             Other non-current assets
               Wealth management products                   2,649                  —              2,649                  —

             Total assets                                  92,010             11,611             80,399                  —



324   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
    When available, the Group uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of an asset or liability. If
    quoted market prices are not available, the Group will measure fair value using valuation techniques that use,
    when possible, current market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates
    and currency rates. Following is a description of the valuation techniques that the Group uses to measure the
    fair value of assets that the Group reports in its consolidated balance sheets at fair value on a recurring basis.


    Short-term investments
    Wealth management products with maturities of within one year. The Group elected the fair value option to
    record wealth management products with variable interest rates and deposits indexed to foreign exchange
    with maturities less than one year and accounted them at fair value since 2021. The Group values its wealth
    management products using alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs, and
    accordingly the Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 2. For the years ended
    December 31, 2021 and 2022, gain of RMB1,514 million and RMB1,921 million resulting from changes in fair
    value of the products under fair value option was recorded in others, net, respectively.

    Investment securities
    Listed equity securities. The Group values its listed equity securities using quoted prices for the underlying
    securities in active markets, and accordingly, the Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these
    inputs as Level 1.


    For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the unrealized gains/(losses) of the investment
    securities were a gain of RMB18,722 million, a loss of RMB9,344 million and a loss of RMB4,304 million,
    respectively, which are recognized in others, net in the consolidated statements of operations and
    comprehensive income/(loss).

    The material investment securities are set out as below:


    In 2017, the Group invested in China United Network Communications Limited (“China Unicom”) with a
    total consideration of RMB5,000 million. In 2022, the Group sold approximately 15.2% of its investments in
    China Unicom. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the unrealized gain/(loss) related
    to the investment in China Unicom was a loss of RMB1,047 million, a loss of RMB388 million and a gain of
    RMB341 million, respectively.


    In 2017, 2018 and 2019, the Group invested in Vipshop Holdings Ltd. (“Vipshop”) with a total consideration of
    RMB3,917 million. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, the unrealized gain/(loss) related to the
    investment in Vipshop was a gain of RMB4,272 million and a loss of RMB6,560 million, respectively. In 2022,
    the Group sold its investment in Vipshop. The realized loss over the entire period of holding this investment is
    RMB839 million.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022        325
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      5    Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
           Investment securities (Continued)
           In 2018, the Group invested in ESR Cayman Limited (“ESR”) with a total consideration of RMB1,952 million.
           The Group accounted for the investment in ESR at fair value upon its completion of IPO on the HKEX in 2019. In
           2020 and 2022, the Group sold approximately 8.0% and 6.3% of its remaining investment in ESR, respectively.
           For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the unrealized gain/(loss) related to the investment in
           ESR was a gain of RMB1,632 million, a loss of RMB396 million and a loss of RMB1,722 million, respectively.


           Other non-current assets
           Wealth management products with maturities of more than one year. The Group elected the fair value option to
           record wealth management products with variable interest rates with maturities more than one year and
           accounted them at fair value. The Group values its wealth management products using alternative pricing
           sources and models utilizing market observable inputs, and accordingly the Group classifies the valuation
           techniques that use these inputs as Level 2. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a loss of RMB137 million
           resulting from changes in fair value of the products under fair value option was recorded in others, net.


           Other financial instruments
           The followings are other material financial instruments not measured at fair value in the consolidated balance
           sheets, but for which the fair value is estimated for disclosure purposes.


           Time deposits. Time deposits with original maturities of three months or less have been classified as cash
           equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. Time deposits with original maturities of longer than three months
           and maturities of less than one year have been classified as short-term investments in the consolidated balance
           sheets. The fair value of the Group’s time deposits is determined based on the prevailing interest rates in the
           market, which have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
           the fair value of time deposits classified as cash equivalents and short-term investments amounted to RMB39,282
           million and RMB86,780 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, time deposits with maturities of
           more than one year with the fair value of RMB5,427 million and RMB100 million, respectively, have been classified
           as other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of time deposits approximates
           to fair value.


           Held-to-maturity debt securities. Wealth management products that the Group has positive intent and ability to
           hold to maturity are accounted for as held-to-maturity debt securities, classified as short-term investments in the
           consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the Group’s held-to-maturity debt securities is determined based on
           the prevailing interest rates in the market, which have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of
           December 31, 2021 and 2022, the fair value of held-to-maturity debt securities amounted to RMB3,008 million and
           RMB4,725 million, respectively. The carrying value of held-to-maturity debt securities approximates to fair value.




326   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   Fair Value Measurement (Continued)
    Other financial instruments (Continued)
    Unsecured senior notes. The Group determines the fair value of its unsecured senior notes using quoted prices
    in less active markets, and accordingly the Group categorizes the unsecured senior notes as Level 2 in the fair
    value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the fair value of unsecured senior notes amounted to
    RMB10,020 million and RMB9,045 million, respectively.


    Short-term receivables and payables. Accounts receivable and prepayments and other current assets are
    financial assets with carrying values that approximate to fair value due to their short-term nature. Accounts
    payable, advance from customers (exclude contract liabilities) and accrued expenses and other current liabilities,
    are financial liabilities with carrying values that approximate to fair value due to their short-term nature. The
    Group classifies the valuation techniques that use these inputs as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.


    Short-term debts and long-term borrowings. Interest rates under the borrowing agreements with the lending
    parties were determined based on the prevailing interest rates in the market. The carrying value of short-term
    debts and long-term borrowings approximates to fair value. The Group classifies the valuation techniques that
    use these inputs as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.


    Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis
    Investment in equity investees. Investments in privately held companies and publicly traded companies
    included in investment in equity investees in the consolidated balance sheets are reviewed periodically for
    impairment using fair value measurement. The primary factors that the Group considers include the duration
    and severity that the fair value of the investment is below its carrying value; post-balance sheet date fair
    value of the investment; the financial condition, operating performance, strategic collaboration with and the
    prospects of the investee; the economic or technological environment in which the investee operates; and
    other entity specific information such as recent financing rounds completed by the investee companies. When
    the qualitative assessment indicates impairment, the investments in privately held companies without readily
    determinable fair value were measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of December 31,
    2021 and 2022, and the impairment charges of RMB202 million, RMB119 million and RMB504 million were
    recorded in others, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for
    the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the
    accumulated impairment of the Group’s investments in privately held companies under the Measurement
    Alternative was RMB2,779 million and RMB2,610 million, respectively. The valuation methodology used to
    estimate the fair value of investments in publicly traded companies (Level 1) and privately held companies
    accounted for under the equity method (Level 3) and associated impairment charges are discussed in Note 8.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022       327
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      6    JD Technology Reorganization
           In the first half of 2017, the Group entered into a series of definitive agreements relating to the reorganization
           of JD Technology. Pursuant to the definitive agreements, the Group disposed all its equity stake of 68.6%
           in JD Technology so that it held neither legal ownership nor effective control of JD Technology, received
           RMB14.3 billion in cash and is entitled to a royalty and software technical services fee of 40% of the future
           pre-tax profit of JD Technology when JD Technology has a positive pre-tax income on a cumulative basis. In
           addition, the Group would be able to convert its profit sharing right with respect to JD Technology into 40%
           of JD Technology’s equity interest, subject to applicable regulatory approvals. Upon the completion of the
           reorganization on June 30, 2017, JD Technology was deconsolidated from the Group. After JD Technology’s
           additional round of financing in 2018, the Group’s percentage of JD Technology’s pre-tax profit sharing has
           been diluted to approximately 36%, and if permitted by the regulation, the Group is entitled to convert its
           profit-sharing right into approximately 36% of JD Technology’s equity interest.


           In June 2020, the Group entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which the Group
           has, through a consolidated PRC domestic company, acquired an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in
           JD Technology by converting the profit sharing right and investing additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in
           JD Technology. In addition, in June 2020, the shareholders of JD Technology passed a unanimous resolution
           to restructure JD Technology as a company limited by shares and adopt the dual class voting structure. As a
           result of this dual class voting shareholding structure, the Group held approximately 18.7% voting power of
           JD Technology. The transaction has been completed in June 2020. Accordingly, subsequent to the completion
           of the transaction, investment in JD Technology has been accounted for using equity method, as the Group
           has significant influence but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control. The Group and
           JD Technology are both controlled by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu before and after the transaction, so the
           acquisition of JD Technology’s equity interest was achieved through an under the common control transaction.


           Pursuant to the supplemental agreement entered between JD Technology and its shareholders in June 2020,
           upon certain redemption events of JD Technology, the Group and Suqian Dongtai Jinrong Investment
           Management Center, Suqian Mingjin Chuangyuan Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership, Mr.
           Richard Qiangdong Liu have the obligation to make up the shortfall (if any) of the redemption price to the
           other shareholders of JD Technology when all other means are exhausted, and the shortfall is capped by the
           proceeds from the sales of the guarantor’s shares of JD Technology. As the Group and JD Technology both are
           entities under common control of Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the Group is therefore exempted from recording
           a guarantee liability in its consolidated financial statements. Based on the Group’s assessment, the chance to
           settle the guarantee obligation by the Group is not probable as of December 31, 2022.




328   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




6   JD Technology Reorganization (Continued)
    On March 31, 2021, the Group entered into definitive agreements with JD Technology relating to the
    reorganization of the Group’s cloud computing and artificial intelligence business (“JD Cloud & AI”). Pursuant
    to the definitive agreements, the Group transferred JD Cloud & AI and additional RMB4 billion in cash, as
    consideration in exchange for newly issued ordinary shares of JD Technology. To support the smooth business
    transition of JD Cloud & AI, the Group also transferred some equipment and reserved some restricted share
    units of the Group for the employees of JD Cloud & AI, for which JD Technology paid cash consideration.
    Upon completion of the transactions on March 31, 2021, JD Cloud & AI was deconsolidated from the Group’s
    consolidated financial statements, and the Group’s equity interest in JD Technology increased from 36.8% to
    41.7%. The Group and JD Technology are both controlled by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu before and after the
    transaction, so the acquisition of JD Technology’s equity interest was achieved through an under the common
    control transaction.


7   Business Acquisition
    Acquisition of Dada
    In February 2022, the Group acquired additional number of ordinary shares of Dada, China’s leading local
    on-demand delivery and retail platform, for a total consideration of US$800 million with a combination of
    cash and certain strategic resources to Dada. The Group held, taking into account its existing shareholding,
    approximately 52% of Dada’s issued and outstanding shares and consolidated the financial results of Dada into
    the Group’s consolidated financial statements since February 28, 2022.

    The Group recognized a remeasurement gain of RMB72 million associated with the previously held equity
    interests of Dada in “Share of results of equity investees”. The fair value of the previously held equity interests
    was determined by the market price of shares of Dada at the acquisition date. Details of the equity interests of
    Dada accounted for equity method prior to the acquisition is disclosed in Note 8.

    The purchase price as of the date of acquisition is comprised of:

                                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

      Cash                                                                                                     3,452
      Business cooperation agreement as consideration of the acquisition                                       1,606
      Fair value of previously held equity interests                                                           5,702

      Total                                                                                                   10,760




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        329
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      7    Business Acquisition (Continued)
           Acquisition of Dada (Continued)
           The transaction was considered a business acquisition and therefore was recorded using the acquisition method
           of accounting. The allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities
           assumed as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Net assets acquired                                                                                      7,549
             Newly identified and appreciation of intangible assets
                — Trademarks and domain names                                                                           805
                — Technology                                                                                            525
                — Relationship with riders                                                                              640
                — Consumer base                                                                                         120
             Premium not reflected in goodwill                                                                        3,623
             Goodwill                                                                                                 4,542
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (522)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                                (6,522)

             Total                                                                                                   10,760


           The premium not reflected in goodwill was recognized as a loss of RMB3,623 million in “others, net” resulting
           from the change of Dada’s share price prior to the closing of the acquisition.


           Net assets acquired primarily consisted of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of RMB4,623 million
           as of the date of acquisition. Acquired amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average amortization period
           of 7.0 years. Fair value of the non-controlling interests was determined by the market price of shares of Dada at
           the acquisition date.


           Goodwill arising from the acquisition of Dada was attributable to the benefit of expected synergies, the
           assembled workforce, revenue growth and future market development as of the date of acquisition and assigned
           to Dada reporting unit of RMB3,144 million and JD Retail reporting unit of RMB1,398 million on the basis of the
           expected synergies from the acquisition of Dada. Goodwill arising from the acquisition is not expected to be
           deductible for tax purposes.




330   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7   Business Acquisition (Continued)
    Acquisition of Dada (Continued)
    Had the acquisition date of Dada been January 1, 2021, the revenue and net loss of the Group would have
    been RMB956.8 billion and RMB6.3 billion in 2021, respectively, and the revenue and net income of the Group
    would have been RMB1,047.2 billion and RMB9.5 billion in 2022, respectively. The pro-forma information is
    for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the
    Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, nor is
    it intended to be a projection of future results. The pro-forma amounts have been calculated after adjusting
    the results of Dada to reflect the additional amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value
    adjustments to intangible assets had been applied from January 1, 2021.

    Acquisition of CNLP
    In September 2021, the Group, through JD Property, entered into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire
    additional shares of CNLP, which is principally engaged in the leasing of storage facilities and the related
    management services and was listed on the Main Board of the HKEX, representing approximately 26.38% of
    the issued share capital of CNLP. In accordance with relevant listing rules, JD Property was required to make
    an offer for all the issued shares of CNLP and an offer for all the outstanding convertible bonds of CNLP. As of
    March 1, 2022, JD Property obtained all the outstanding convertible bonds and certain number of CNLP’s issued
    and outstanding shares with a cash consideration of HK$13,066 million. The Group obtained control of CNLP
    since it assigned all the board members of CNLP on March 1, 2022 and held approximately 80% of shareholding
    interests. Prior to the acquisition, the Group held 10.6% of the issued share capital of CNLP and measured its
    investment in CNLP at fair value. The fair value of the previously held equity interests was determined by the
    market price of shares of CNLP at the acquisition date.

    The purchase price as of the date of acquisition is comprised of:

                                                                                                      Amounts
                                                                                               (RMB in millions)

      Cash                                                                                                 10,538
      Fair value of previously held equity interests                                                        1,293

      Total                                                                                                11,831




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        331
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      7    Business Acquisition (Continued)
           Acquisition of CNLP (Continued)
           The transaction was considered a business acquisition and therefore was recorded using the acquisition method
           of accounting. The allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities
           assumed as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                Amounts
                                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

             Net assets acquired                                                                                      4,309
             Appreciation of property, equipment and software, construction in
               progress and land use rights                                                                          10,908
             Goodwill                                                                                                 1,586
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                (2,679)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                               (2,293)

             Total                                                                                                   11,831



           Net assets acquired primarily consisted of property, equipment and software, construction in progress and
           land use rights of RMB12,026 million and borrowings of RMB8,886 million as of the date of acquisition. Fair
           value of the non-controlling interests was determined based on the market price of shares of CNLP at the
           acquisition date.


           Goodwill arising from the acquisition of CNLP was attributable to the benefit of expected synergies, the
           assembled workforce, revenue growth and future market development as of the date of acquisition and
           recorded in New Businesses segment. Goodwill arising on the acquisition is not expected to be deductible for
           tax purposes.


           From March to July 2022, the Group acquired the remaining equity interest in CNLP with a total consideration
           of HK$3,072 million (RMB2,637 million), which is treated as an equity transaction. CNLP was privatized on
           July 15, 2022. Upon completion of the transaction, CNLP became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


           Results of operations attributable to the acquisition of CNLP and pro forma results of operations for the
           acquisition of CNLP have not been presented because they are not material to the consolidated statements of
           operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022.




332   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7   Business Acquisition (Continued)
    Acquisition of Deppon Holdco
    On March 11, 2022, the Group, through a subsidiary of JD Logistics, entered into a series of agreements with
    the shareholders of Deppon Holdco, in relation to the acquisition of approximately 99.99% equity interest of
    Deppon Holdco, which in turn holds approximately 66.5% of the issued share capital of Deppon Logistics Co.,
    Ltd (“Deppon”), for a total consideration of approximately RMB8,976 million. Deppon is a company established
    under the laws of the PRC, the shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
    603056). Deppon is an integrated, customer-centered logistics company providing a wide range of solutions
    including Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) transportation, Full Truck Load (FTL) transportation, delivery services,
    and warehousing management. The acquisition was completed on July 26, 2022. Upon completion of the
    transaction, Deppon Holdco became a consolidated subsidiary of the Group.


    Deppon Holdco owns certain entities, assets and liabilities that the Group and the founding vendors have agreed
    to exclude from the consolidated financial statements of Deppon Holdco (the “Excluded Business”), which the
    founding vendors shall be solely responsible for the costs, expenses and liabilities relating to the Excluded
    Business and its subsequent disposal. Accordingly, for those subsidiaries under the Excluded Business, the
    Group considers that it has no power, no exposures, nor rights to variable returns from involvement of their
    business operations. Further, the Group also does not have any ability to affect the amount of the Group’s
    returns from the aforesaid subsidiaries. Therefore, the Group considers that the control of these subsidiaries
    will not be obtained through the acquisition, thus the financial information of these subsidiaries under the
    Excluded Business will not be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group after the
    acquisition.


    The purchase price as of the date of acquisition is comprised of:


                                                                                                     Amounts
                                                                                              (RMB in millions)

      Cash                                                                                                 8,976




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022       333
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      7    Business Acquisition (Continued)
           Acquisition of Deppon Holdco (Continued)
           The transaction was considered a business acquisition and therefore was recorded using the acquisition
           method of accounting. The allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the acquired assets and
           liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:


                                                                                                                 Amounts
                                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

             Net assets acquired                                                                                       6,570
             Newly identified and appreciation of intangible assets
                — Trademarks and domain names                                                                          1,661
                — Technology                                                                                             676
                — Customer relationships                                                                                   8
             Appreciation of construction in progress and land use rights                                                 15
             Goodwill                                                                                                  5,350
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (590)
             Non-controlling interests                                                                                (4,714)

             Total                                                                                                     8,976


           Net assets acquired primarily consisted of property, equipment and software, construction in progress
           and land use rights of RMB5,306 million, short-term investments of RMB1,270 million and borrowings of
           RMB3,776 million as of the date of acquisition. Acquired amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average
           amortization period of 15.3 years. Fair value of the non-controlling interests was determined based on the
           market price of shares of Deppon at the acquisition date.


           The fair value of the trade receivables acquired was RMB2,101 million at the date of acquisition. The best
           estimate at acquisition date of the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected was not material.


           Goodwill arising from the acquisition of Deppon Holdco was attributable to the benefit of expected synergies,
           the assembled workforce, revenue growth and future market development as of the date of acquisition and
           recorded in JD Logistics segment. Goodwill arising on the acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax
           purposes.


           In March, 2022, the Group and Mr. Weixing Cui, one of the founding vendors of Deppon, entered into an
           option agreement in relation to the 43,009,184 shares of Deppon (the “Option Shares”) pledged to the Group,
           whereas Mr. Weixing Cui shall have the right to cause the Group to purchase all (but not less than all) of the
           Option Shares at put option price. The exercise of the put option is subject to certain conditions as set out in the
           option agreement, which is not solely within the control of JD Logistics. The Option Shares were recorded as
           redeemable non-controlling interests under mezzanine equity in amount of RMB589 million at the acquisition date.



334   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7    Business Acquisition (Continued)
     Acquisition of Deppon Holdco (Continued)
     Had the acquisition date of Deppon been January 1, 2021, the revenue and net loss of the Group would have
     been RMB982.8 billion and RMB4.5 billion in 2021, respectively, and the revenue and net income of the Group
     would have been RMB1,063.2 billion and RMB9.7 billion in 2022, respectively. The pro-forma information is
     for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the
     Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, nor is
     it intended to be a projection of future results. The pro-forma amounts have been calculated after adjusting the
     results of Deppon to reflect the additional amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value
     adjustments to intangible assets had been applied from January 1, 2021.


     The consideration of the acquisition shall be settled in installments. As of December 31, 2022, deferred
     consideration payables of RMB575 million was recorded in “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities” and
     RMB445 million was recorded in “Other non-current liabilities”.


     The related transaction costs of these business combinations are not material to the consolidated financial
     statements.

8.   Investment in Equity Investees
     Measurement Alternative and NAV practical expedient
     The carrying amount of the Group’s equity investments measured at fair value using the Measurement
     Alternative was RMB19,643 million and RMB20,707 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively,
     and the carrying amount of the Group’s investments under NAV practical expedient was RMB7,325 million and
     RMB7,982 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2020,
     2021 and 2022, the Group invested RMB10,201 million, RMB4,787 million and RMB1,683 million in multiple
     private companies and private equity funds accounted for under the Measurement Alternative and NAV
     practical expedient, respectively, which may have operational synergy with the Group’s core business. During
     the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, fair value changes recognized for equity investments
     which were measured using the Measurement Alternative, excluding the gain from fair value change
     recognized on ATRenew Inc. (“ATRenew”, formerly known as AiHuiShou International Co., Ltd.) for the year
     ended December 31, 2021, and NAV practical expedient were not significant, respectively.


     Equity method
     As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s investments accounted for under the equity method totaled RMB28,952
     million (as of December 31, 2021: RMB36,254 million), which mainly included the investment in Yonghui
     Superstores Co., Ltd, (“Yonghui”) amounting to RMB4,056 million, investment in JD Technology amounting to
     RMB11,354 million and investment in ATRenew amounting to RMB1,449 million. The Group applies the equity
     method of accounting to account for its equity investments, in common stock or in-substance common stock,
     over which it has significant influence but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022        335
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      8    Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
           Equity method (Continued)
           Investment in Yonghui
           Yonghui is a leading hypermarket and supermarket operator in China and is listed on the Shanghai Stock
           Exchange. As of December 31, 2022, total consideration for the investment in Yonghui was RMB6,462 million
           in cash. The Group held approximately 13.4% of Yonghui’s issued and outstanding shares and accounted for
           the investment in Yonghui using the equity method as the Group obtained significant influence by the rights to
           nominate one board member out of nine. The Group received dividend of RMB147 million, RMB25 million and
           RMB24 million from Yonghui for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, which have
           been recorded as a reduction to the carrying amount of investment in Yonghui.


           Investment in Yonghui is accounted for using the equity method with the investment cost allocated as follows:

                                                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                                                                             2021                  2022
                                                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

                 Carrying value of investment in Yonghui’s ordinary shares                                                   4,592                 4,056
                 Proportionate share of Yonghui’s net tangible and intangible assets                                         2,225                 1,768

                 Positive basis difference                                                                                   2,367                 2,288

                 Positive basis difference has been assigned to:
                   Goodwill(*)                                                                                               1,111                 1,111
                   Amortizable intangible assets         (**)
                                                                                                                             1,674                 1,569
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (418)                 (392)

                                                                                                                             2,367                 2,288


           (*)      In the third quarter of 2021, the Group conducted impairment assessments on its investment in Yonghui considering the duration and
                    severity of the decline of Yonghui’s stock price after the investment, and concluded the decline in fair value of the investment was
                    other-than-temporary. Accordingly, the Group recorded impairment charges of RMB1,492 million, to write down the carrying value of its
                    investment in Yonghui to its fair value, based on quoted closing prices of Yonghui as of September 30, 2021.


           (**)     As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining life of the amortizable intangible assets not included in Yonghui’s consolidated
                    financial statements was 13 years.


           As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the market value of the Group’s investment in Yonghui was
           RMB4,921 million and RMB4,435 million based on its quoted closing price, respectively.




336   JD.com, Inc.
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




8   Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
    Equity method (Continued)
    Investment in Dada
    Prior to 2020, the Group acquired ordinary shares and preferred shares of Dada for total consideration of
    RMB5,723 million with a combination of RMB3,513 million in cash, the Group’s series of future services arrangements
    commenced from 2016, including supply chain support for a period of 10 years, traffic and other additional support for a
    period of 7 years, non-compete obligation for a period of 7 years from 2016 and the Group’s O2O business, JD Daojia.
    On June 5, 2020, Dada completed its initial public offering on the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Dada IPO”). Concurrently with
    Dada IPO, the Group converted its preferred shares investment in Dada to ordinary shares in entirety. In addition, the
    Group subscribed for additional ordinary shares of Dada with cash consideration of RMB703 million in 2020. The Group’s
    interest in Dada was diluted to approximately 46% and a deemed disposal gain of RMB5,229 million was recognized
    in “shares of results of equity investees” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/
    (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2020. Prior to JD’s acquisition in Dada as disclosed in Note 7, the investment in
    Dada’s ordinary shares was accounted for using the equity method as the Group obtained significant influence by the
    rights to nominate three board members out of nine.


    The investment in Dada is accounted for using the equity method with the investment cost allocated as follows:

                                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                                      (RMB in millions)

      Carrying value of investment in Dada’s ordinary shares                                                        6,075
      Proportionate share of Dada’s net tangible and intangible assets                                              2,136

      Positive basis difference                                                                                     3,939

      Positive basis difference has been assigned to:
        Goodwill                                                                                                    3,893
        Amortizable intangible assets                                                                                  61
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       (15)

                                                                                                                    3,939


    As of December 31, 2021, the market value of the Group’s investment in Dada was RMB9,106 million based on
    its quoted closing price.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022         337
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      8    Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
           Equity method (Continued)
           Investment in JD Technology
           As disclosed in Note 6, investment in JD Technology has been accounted for using the equity method
           subsequent to June 2020.

           In June 2020, the Group entered into agreements with JD Technology, pursuant to which the Group has acquired
           an aggregate of 36.8% equity interest in JD Technology by converting the profit sharing right and investing
           additional RMB1.78 billion in cash in JD Technology. Upon the completion of the acquisition of JD Technology’
           equity interests, the investment in JD Technology is accounted for using the equity method. In March 2021, the
           Group transferred JD Cloud & AI with investing additional RMB4 billion in cash in exchange of ordinary shares
           in JD Technology, and the Group’s equity interest in JD Technology increased to approximately 41.7%. As the
           Group and JD Technology are both controlled by Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu before and after the acquisition of
           JD Technology’ equity interests, the acquisition is considered a transaction under common control. Pursuant to
           ASC 805-50-25-2, the Group recorded the investment in JD Technology amounting to RMB2.62 billion in 2021,
           based on its proportioned net assets of JD Technology. The difference between consideration transferred and
           the carrying amounts of the net assets received, which was a decrease of RMB901 million into additional paid-in
           capital was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021.


           Investment in ATRenew
           Pre-IPO investment in ATRenew
           ATRenew is a leading technology-driven pre-owned consumer electronics transactions and services platform
           in China. As of December 31, 2020, total consideration for the investment in ATRenew was RMB4,141 million.
           In 2021, the Group completed further investment in preferred shares of ATRenew for a cash consideration of
           RMB129 million. The investment in ATRenew’s preferred shares was accounted for under the Measurement
           Alternative as the underlying preferred shares were not considered in-substance common stock and had no
           readily determinable fair value.


           Post-IPO investment in ATRenew
           On June 18, 2021, ATRenew completed its initial public offering on the Nasdaq Stock Market (“ATRenew
           IPO”), upon which the preferred shares investment in ATRenew were converted to ordinary shares in entirety.
           Pursuant to ASU 2020-01, the Group remeasured its previously held interest based on the observable price
           in orderly transactions and recorded a gain from fair value change of RMB2,305 million in others, net in the
           consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021.
           Concurrently, the Group subscribed additional 2,333,333 ordinary shares of ATRenew with cash consideration of
           RMB321 million. Upon the offering, the Group held approximately 33% of ATRenew’s issued and outstanding
           shares and had two out of seven board seats. Accordingly, investment in ATRenew’s ordinary shares was
           accounted for using the equity method as the Group obtained significant influence. In December 2021, the
           Group purchased additional ordinary shares of ATRenew with cash consideration of RMB41 million.




338   JD.com, Inc.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




8   Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
    Equity method (Continued)
    Investment in ATRenew (Continued)
    Post-IPO investment in ATRenew (Continued)
    The investment in ATRenew is accounted for using the equity method with the investment cost allocated as
    follows:

                                                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                                                      2021                  2022
                                                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

          Carrying value of investment in ATRenew’s ordinary shares                                                   2,832                 1,449
          Proportionate share of ATRenew’s net tangible and intangible assets                                         2,209                 2,080

          Positive/(negative) basis difference                                                                          623                  (631)

          Positive/(negative) basis difference has been assigned to:
            Goodwill(*)                                                                                                  35                     —
            Amortizable intangible assets       (**)
                                                                                                                        784                  (450)
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (196)                 (181)

                                                                                                                        623                  (631)


    (*)      In the fourth quarter of 2021 and the second quarter of 2022, the Group conducted impairment assessments on its investment in
             ATRenew considering the duration and severity of the decline of ATRenew’s stock price after the investment, and concluded the decline
             in fair value of the investment was other-than-temporary. Accordingly, the Group recorded impairment charges of RMB3,909 million and
             RMB1,191 million, respectively, to write down the carrying value of its investment in ATRenew to its fair value, based on quoted closing
             prices of ATRenew as of December 31, 2021 and June 30, 2022, respectively.


    (**)     As of December 31, 2022, the negative basis difference between carrying value of investment in ATRenew and proportionate share of
             ATRenew’s net tangible and intangible assets was RMB631 million. This difference would not be amortized.



    As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the market value of the Group’s investment in ATRenew was RMB2,832
    million and RMB1,505 million based on its quoted closing price, respectively.


    The Group recorded its interests in Yonghui, JD Technology and ATRenew one quarter in arrears to enable the
    Group to provide its financial disclosure independent of the reporting schedule of these equity investees.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022              339
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      8    Investment in Equity Investees (Continued)
           Equity method (Continued)
           The Group summarizes the condensed financial information of the Group’s equity investments under equity
           method as a group below in accordance with Rule 4-08 of Regulation S-X:


                                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                2020             2021               2022
                                                                                       (RMB in millions)

             Revenues                                                        140,263          145,582         160,554
             Gross profit                                                     45,590           39,736          47,369
             Income/(loss) from operations                                     5,157             1,877             (2,158)
             Net income/(loss)                                                 2,680              (250)            (1,583)
             Net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders           3,292              675              (1,327)



                                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                                 2021               2022
                                                                                               (RMB in millions)

             Current assets                                                                   150,304         149,946
             Non-current assets                                                               140,872         142,288
             Current liabilities                                                              109,790         116,158
             Non-current liabilities                                                           49,919          54,494
             Non-controlling interests                                                            973                623



           The Group performs impairment assessment of its investments under the Measurement Alternative and equity
           method whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment
           may not be fully recoverable. Impairment charges in connection with the equity method investments of
           RMB488 million, RMB5,514 million and RMB1,316 million were recorded in “share of results of equity
           investees” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the years ended
           December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The valuation of impairment in privately held companies under
           the Measurement Alternative is discussed in Note 5.




340   JD.com, Inc.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




9   Accounts Receivable, Net
    Accounts receivable, net consist of the following:

                                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                                                     2021                  2022
                                                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

          Logistics receivables                                                                                     6,204               11,063
          Online retail and online marketplace receivables          (*)
                                                                                                                    5,840                 9,982
          Advertising receivables and others                                                                          890                 1,113

          Accounts receivable                                                                                     12,934                22,158
          Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                          (1,034)               (1,582)

          Accounts receivable, net                                                                                11,900                20,576


    The movements in the allowance for doubtful accounts are as follows:

                                                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                               2020                  2021                  2022
                                                                                                        (RMB in millions)

          Balance at beginning of the year                                                      (318)                 (566)              (1,034)
          Additions                                                                             (331)                 (535)                (615)
          Write-off                                                                               83                    67                    67

          Balance at end of the year                                                            (566)              (1,034)               (1,582)


    (*)      For the accounts receivable in relation to consumer financing business, which is recorded in online retail and online marketplace
             receivables, as JD Technology performs credit risk assessment services for the individuals and purchases the over-due receivables
             from the Group at carrying values to absorb the risks and obtain the rewards from such business, no allowance for doubtful accounts in
             relation to consumer financing receivables was provided.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022             341
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      10 Inventories, Net
           Inventories, net consist of the following:

                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2021              2022
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

             Products                                                                      77,422          80,966
             Packing materials and others                                                     478             1,098

             Inventories                                                                   77,900          82,064
             Inventory valuation allowance                                                 (2,299)            (4,115)

             Inventories, net                                                              75,601          77,949



      11 Property, Equipment and Software, Net
           Property, equipment and software, net consist of the following:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                             2021              2022
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

             Electronic equipment                                                          11,222             2,663
             Land, building and building improvement                                       21,072          40,642
             Logistics, warehouse and other heavy equipment                                10,084          14,097
             Vehicles                                                                       2,681             5,743
             Leasehold improvement                                                          3,766             4,550
             Office equipment                                                                 530               640
             Software                                                                         867             1,033

             Total                                                                         50,222          69,368
             Less: accumulated depreciation                                               (17,278)        (14,288)

             Net book value                                                                32,944          55,080



           Depreciation expenses were RMB5,037 million, RMB5,000 million and RMB5,295 million for the years ended
           December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. No material impairment charge was recorded for the years
           ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




342   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




12 Land Use Rights, Net
   Land use rights, net consist of the following:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                         2021               2022
                                                                                       (RMB in millions)

     Land use rights                                                                   15,253           35,481
     Less: accumulated amortization                                                       (925)            (1,633)

     Net book value                                                                    14,328           33,848



   Amortization expenses for land use rights were RMB229 million, RMB276 million and RMB693 million for the
   years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. No impairment charge was recorded for the
   years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


   As of December 31, 2022, amortization expenses related to the land use rights for future periods are estimated
   to be as follows:


                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                      2028 and
                                        2023        2024         2025          2026          2027    thereafter
                                                               (RMB in millions)

     Amortization expenses               791         791           791          791           791       29,893




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        343
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      13 Intangible Assets, Net
           Intangible assets, net consist of the following:


                                                                   As of December 31, 2021
                                      Weighted-
                                       Average                  Gross                                          Net
                                    Amortization              Carrying   Accumulated      Impairment      Carrying
                                          Period              Amount     Amortization        Amount       Amount

                                              Year                            (RMB in millions)

             Non-compete                        8.0              2,467         (2,120)              —         347
             Domain names and
              trademarks                      18.9               4,186         (1,066)             (27)      3,093
             Customer
               relationship                     8.8              2,713           (454)             (60)      2,199
             Technology and
               others                           6.0              1,050           (767)             (85)       198

             Total                            12.2             10,416          (4,407)            (172)      5,837




                                                                   As of December 31, 2022
                                      Weighted-
                                       Average                  Gross                                          Net
                                    Amortization              Carrying   Accumulated      Impairment      Carrying
                                          Period              Amount     Amortization        Amount       Amount
                                              Year                            (RMB in millions)

             Non-compete                        8.0              2,467         (2,279)              —         188
             Domain names and
              trademarks                      17.8               6,756         (1,440)             (27)      5,289
             Customer
               relationship                     8.7              2,823           (765)             (60)      1,998
             Technology and
               others                           5.4              2,890         (1,141)             (85)      1,664

             Total                            12.1             14,936          (5,625)            (172)      9,139




344   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




13 Intangible Assets, Net (Continued)
   Amortization expenses for intangible assets were RMB802 million, RMB956 million and RMB1,248 million for
   the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. No impairment charge was recorded for the
   years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.

   As of December 31, 2022, amortization expenses related to the intangible assets for future periods are
   estimated to be as follows:

                                                       For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                       2028 and
                                       2023         2024          2025          2026         2027     thereafter
                                                               (RMB in millions)

     Amortization expenses            1,305         1,188         1,124          979           908        3,635


14 Goodwill
   The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows, with information retrospectively adjusted in
   accordance with the segment changes as disclosed in Note 30:

                                                                                        New
                                                JD Retail JD Logistics       Dada Businesses               Total
                                                                     (RMB in millions)

     Transaction in 2020
       Additions                                    2,627        1,633             —            —         4,260
     Balance as of December 31, 2020
       Goodwill                                     9,278        1,633             —         2,593       13,504
       Accumulated impairment loss                     (7)          —              —        (2,593)      (2,600)

                                                    9,271        1,633             —            —        10,904

     Transaction in 2021
       Additions                                    1,529            —             —            —         1,529
     Balance as of December 31, 2021
       Goodwill                                   10,807         1,633             —         2,593       15,033
       Accumulated impairment loss                    (7)           —              —        (2,593)      (2,600)

                                                  10,800         1,633             —            —        12,433

     Transaction in 2022
       Additions                                    1,398        5,350         3,144         1,586       11,478
       Disposal of a subsidiary                      (788)          —             —             —          (788)
     Balance as of December 31, 2022
       Goodwill                                   11,417         6,983         3,144         4,179       25,723
       Accumulated impairment loss                    (7)           —             —         (2,593)      (2,600)

                                                  11,410         6,983         3,144         1,586       23,123


   No impairment loss of goodwill was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.

                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022       345
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      15 Accounts payable
           Accounts payable consist of the following:

                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                                    2021             2022
                                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

             Vendor payable                                                                      112,317          126,821
             Shipping charges payable and others                                                  28,167           33,786

             Total                                                                               140,484          160,607


           JD Technology and other financial institutions (the “Institutions”) offer supply chain financing services to the
           Group’s suppliers. Suppliers can sell one or more of the Group’s payment obligations at their sole discretion to
           the Institutions to receive funds ahead of time to meet their cash flow needs. The Group’s rights and obligations
           are not impacted. The original payment terms, timing or amount, remain unchanged. As of December 31, 2021
           and 2022, RMB20,127 million and RMB16,671 million, respectively, of the outstanding payment obligations
           were elected by the suppliers and sold to the Institutions.


      16 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
           Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                                    2021             2022
                                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

             Deposits                                                                             17,372           18,211
             Salary and welfare                                                                    8,396           11,303
             Accrued administrative expenses                                                       1,165            1,917
             Rental fee payable                                                                    1,199            1,361
             Professional fee                                                                        904            1,348
             Payable related to employees’ exercise of share-based awards                            333            1,273
             Liabilities for return allowances                                                       618              743
             Deferred consideration payables                                                          —               575
             Vehicle fee                                                                             437              520
             Internet data center fee                                                                444              409
             Interest payable                                                                        134              167
             Others                                                                                3,466            4,743

             Total                                                                                34,468           42,570




346   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




17 Unsecured senior notes
   In April 2016, the Company issued unsecured senior notes with two maturity dates for an aggregate principal
   amount of US$1,000 million. Listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, these notes are both fixed rate notes
   and senior unsecured obligations, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning
   on October 29, 2016. The unsecured senior notes were issued at a discount amounting to RMB79 million. The
   debt issuance costs of RMB36 million were presented as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the
   unsecured senior notes in the consolidated balance sheets. The five-year unsecured senior notes due 2021 for
   the principle amount of US$500 million were mature on April 29, 2021, and the Company repaid the principle
   amount of US$500 million and the last semi-annual interests.


   In January 2020, the Company issued unsecured senior notes with two maturity dates for an aggregate principal
   amount of US$1,000 million. Listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, these notes are both fixed rate notes
   and senior unsecured obligations, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, beginning
   on July 14, 2020. The unsecured senior notes were issued at a discount amounting to RMB37 million. The
   debt issuance costs of RMB45 million were presented as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the
   unsecured senior notes in the consolidated balance sheets.


   In 2020, the Group repurchased the Company’s unsecured senior notes from the open market with a total
   principal amounts of US$12 million (RMB78 million) at a reacquisition price of US$10 million (RMB72 million).
   In 2022, the Group further repurchased the unsecured senior notes from the open market with a total principal
   amounts of US$6 million (RMB42 million) at a reacquisition price of US$5 million (RMB35 million). The
   repurchased unsecured senior notes were derecognized from the Group’s consolidated balance sheets, and
   the relevant repurchase gains amounting to RMB11 million and RMB6 million were recognized in “interest
   expense” in the Group’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) for the years
   ended December 31,2020 and 2022, respectively.


   A summary of the Company’s unsecured senior notes as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 is as follows:


                                                                     As of December 31,                Effective
                                                                         2021             2022     interest rate
                                                                      (RMB in millions)

     US$500 million 3.875% notes due 2026                               3,154             3,453           4.15%
     US$700 million 3.375% notes due 2030                               4,402             4,812           3.47%
     US$300 million 4.125% notes due 2050                               1,830             1,959           4.25%
     Carrying value                                                     9,386           10,224
     Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs                         101                98

     Total principal amounts of unsecured senior notes                  9,487           10,322




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022       347
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      17 Unsecured senior notes (Continued)
           The effective interest rates for the unsecured senior notes include the interest charged on the notes as well as
           amortization of the debt discounts and debt issuance costs.


           The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation, merger
           and sale all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. The notes will rank senior in rights of payment to all of
           the Company’s existing and future obligations expressly subordinated in rights of payment to the notes and rank
           at least equal in rights of payment with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated
           obligations (subject to any priority rights pursuant to applicable law).


           As of December 31, 2022, the principal of the unsecured senior notes of RMB3,482 million, RMB4,840 million
           and RMB2,000 million will be due in 2026, 2030 and 2050, respectively. The principal of the unsecured senior
           notes will be due according to the following schedule:

                                                                                                                   Principal
                                                                                                                   amounts
                                                                                                                    (RMB in
                                                                                                                   millions)

             Within 1 year                                                                                                —
             Between 1 to 2 years                                                                                         —
             Between 2 to 3 years                                                                                         —
             Between 3 to 4 years                                                                                      3,482
             Between 4 to 5 years                                                                                         —
             Beyond 5 years                                                                                            6,840

             Total                                                                                                    10,322




348   JD.com, Inc.
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




18 Leases
   The Group has operating leases for warehouses, stores, office spaces, delivery centers and other corporate
   assets that the Group utilizes under lease arrangements.


   A summary of supplemental information related to operating leases as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 is as
   follows:


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                           2021            2022
                                                                                         (RMB in millions)

     Operating lease ROU assets                                                          19,987          22,267

     Operating lease liabilities-current                                                  6,665           7,688
     Operating lease liabilities-non-current                                             13,721          14,978

     Total operating lease liabilities                                                   20,386          22,666

     Weighted average remaining lease term                                             5.6 years      5.4 years
     Weighted average discount rate                                                        5.0%            5.0%


   A summary of lease cost recognized in the Group’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
   income/(loss) and supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases is as follows:


                                                                       For the year ended December 31,
                                                                          2020            2021              2022
                                                                                 (RMB in millions)

     Operating lease cost                                                4,903             6,763          7,951
     Short-term lease cost                                               1,902             2,782          3,181

     Total                                                               6,805             9,545         11,132

     Cash paid for operating leases                                      4,801             6,715          7,915




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022     349
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      18 Leases (Continued)
           A summary of maturity of operating lease liabilities under the Group’s non-cancelable operating leases as of
           December 31, 2022 is as follows:


                                                                                                                    As of
                                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                                                    2022
                                                                                                                (RMB in
                                                                                                                millions)

             2023                                                                                                      7,885
             2024                                                                                                      5,322
             2025                                                                                                      3,417
             2026                                                                                                      2,278
             2027                                                                                                      1,633
             2028 and thereafter                                                                                       5,298

             Total lease payments                                                                                     25,833
             Less: interest                                                                                           (3,167)

             Present value of operating lease liabilities                                                             22,666


           As of December 31, 2022, the Group has no significant lease contract that has been entered into but not yet
           commenced.


      19 Gain on sale of development properties
           Gain on sale of development properties for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were
           RMB1,649 million, RMB767 million and RMB1,379 million, respectively, which were mainly derived from
           disposals of logistics facilities to several private funds, which can be further classified into core, development
           and acquisition fund (collectively, “Property Funds”). The overview of the major funds are listed below.


           Core funds
           In 2018, the Group established JD Property to manage the expanding logistics facilities and other real estate
           properties. In 2019, 2020 and 2022, JD Property established several core funds (the “Core Funds”) together
           with a third-party investor. JD Property serves as the general partner and committed 10%–20% of the total
           capital of each core fund as the limited partner, and the third-party investor committed the remaining 80%–90%.




350   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19 Gain on sale of development properties (Continued)
   Core funds (Continued)
   Furthermore, in 2019, 2020 and 2022, the Group entered into definitive agreements with each of the Core Funds,
   pursuant to which the Group will dispose of certain modern logistics facilities to the Core Funds, and concurrently
   lease back these completed facilities for operational purposes with an initial lease term of 4 to 10 years. The
   annual rent for the completed facilities is set at fair market rent for the initial lease term and will be adjusted
   based on the growth rate of fair market rent at the beginning of each subsequent 5 years’ period. The Group may
   choose to renew the lease upon the expiry of the initial lease agreement if the adjusted rental rate is acceptable.
   The lease back transaction is accounted for under ASC 842 as operating lease, and the ROU assets and operating
   lease liabilities were recorded accordingly. The Core Funds used leverage to finance the purchase, and the closing
   of the purchase is subject to certain conditions, including the availability of debt financing.


   The investment committee of each of the Core Funds, which comprises the representatives from JD Property
   and the third-party investor, oversees the key operations of each fund, respectively. Given the control over
   the Core Funds is shared between JD Property and the third-party investor, JD Property does not consolidate
   the Core Funds and investments in the Core Funds are accounted for using the equity method as JD Property
   obtained significant influence by the rights to nominate no more than half of the members of each investment
   committee.


   The closing conditions for each asset group of completed logistics facilities were considered met when each of
   the Core Funds signed definitive facility agreements with bank consortium to finance the purchase, respectively.
   As of each respective year-end, all or majority logistics facilities under asset groups related to different core
   funds have been completed and satisfied hand-over condition. Therefore, the Group recorded disposal gain
   related to the Core Funds of RMB1,181 million, RMB637 million and RMB1,289 million for the years ended
   December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, which represent the excess of cash consideration of the net
   assets, including the consideration received and expected to receive, over the carrying value of the net assets
   disposed as of the disposal date.

   Development fund
   In 2020, JD Property entered into definitive agreements to establish another logistics investment fund, the
   Development Fund, together with certain third-party investors to replicate the successful experience of the
   Core Funds. The Development Fund planned to acquire some of JD Property’s uncompleted modern logistics
   facilities. JD Property serves as general partner and committed 40% of the total capital of the Development
   Fund as a limited partner, and the third-party investors committed the remaining 60%.


   The investment committee of Development Fund, which comprises the representatives from JD Property and
   the third-party investors, oversees the key operations of the fund. Given the control over the Development Fund
   is shared between JD Property and third-party investors, JD Property does not consolidate the Development
   Fund and investments in the Development Fund is accounted for using the equity method as JD Property
   obtained significant influence by the rights to nominate no more than half of the members of investment
   committee.


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022   351
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      19 Gain on sale of development properties (Continued)
           Development fund (Continued)
           In December 2020, the Group entered into definitive agreements with the Development Fund to sell certain
           of its uncompleted modern logistics facilities, and will concurrently lease back such facilities for operational
           purposes when completed. The closing conditions for such facilities were successively met since December
           2020 and the Group recorded disposal gain of RMB468 million and RMB112 million for the years ended
           December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, all logistics facilities under asset groups
           related to Development Fund have satisfied hand-over condition, and been derecognized by the Group.


      20 Others, net
           Others, net consist of the following:


                                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                      2020            2021          2022
                                                                                             (RMB in millions)

             Gains/(losses) from fair value change of long-term investments         29,483           (7,252)       (4,096)
             Government financial incentives                                         2,545            2,482         2,773
             Interest income                                                         2,753            4,213         5,742
             Gains/(losses) from acquirements or disposals of business
               and investment                                                           279             140        (3,558)
             Impairment of investments                                                 (208)           (574)       (1,969)
             Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                       (90)             42           114
             Others                                                                     548             359          (561)

             Total                                                                  35,310             (590)       (1,555)



           Government financial incentives represent rewards provided by the relevant PRC municipal government
           authorities to the Group for business achievements made by the Group. Government financial incentives are
           recognized in “others, net” in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss)
           when the government financial incentives are received and no further conditions need to be met, otherwise
           the received amounts are recorded as liabilities. The amounts of such government financial incentives are
           determined solely at the discretion of the relevant government authorities and there is no assurance that the
           Group will continue to receive these government financial incentives in the future.




352   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Taxation
   a)   Value added tax (“VAT”)
        The Group is subject to statutory VAT rate of 9% from April 1, 2019 for revenues from sales of audio,
        video products and books in the Chinese mainland. The Group is subject to statutory VAT rate of 13% from
        April 1, 2019 for sales of other products in the Chinese mainland. The Group is exempted from VAT for
        revenues from sales of books from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2023 in comply with relevant VAT
        regulations of the Chinese mainland.


        The Group is subject to VAT at the rate of 6% or 9% for revenues from logistics services, and 6% for
        revenues from online advertising and other services.


        The Group is also subject to cultural undertaking development fees at the rate of 3% on revenues from
        online advertising services in the Chinese mainland, which is exempted from January 1, 2020 to December
        31, 2021 and reduced by 50% from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024.

   b)   Income tax
        Cayman Islands
        Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in the
        Cayman Islands are not subject to tax on income or capital gains. Additionally, the Cayman Islands does
        not impose a withholding tax on payments of dividends to shareholders.


        British Virgin Islands
        Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, entities incorporated in the British Virgin Islands are not
        subject to tax on their income or capital gains.


        Republic of Indonesia
        Under the current laws of the Republic of Indonesia, the Group’s subsidiaries in the Republic of Indonesia
        are subject to 22% income tax rate on its taxable income generated from operations in the Republic of
        Indonesia for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


        Singapore
        Under the current laws of Singapore, the Group’s subsidiaries in Singapore are subject to 17% income tax
        rate on any taxable income accruing in or derived from Singapore, or received in Singapore from outside
        Singapore for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         353
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 Taxation (Continued)
           b)    Income tax (Continued)
                 Hong Kong
                 The Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to a two-tiered income tax rate on its
                 taxable income generated from operations in Hong Kong effective on April 1, 2018. The first HK$2 million
                 of profits earned by its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong will be taxed at half the current tax rate (i.e.,
                 8.25%) while the remaining profits will continue to be taxed at the existing 16.5% tax rate. Under the Hong
                 Kong tax laws, entities in HK are exempted from the Hong Kong income tax on its foreign-derived income.
                 Additionally, payments of dividends by the subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong to the Company are not
                 subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.


                 Chinese mainland
                 Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”), the standard enterprise income tax rate for
                 domestic enterprises and foreign invested enterprises is 25%. Most of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries and
                 consolidated VIEs are subject to the statutory income tax rate of 25%.


                 The EIT Law and its implementation rules permit certain High and New Technologies Enterprises, or
                 HNTEs, to enjoy a reduced 15% enterprise income tax rate subject to these HNTEs meeting certain
                 qualification criteria. In addition, the relevant EIT laws and regulations also provide that entities recognized
                 as Software Enterprises are able to enjoy a tax holiday consisting of a two-year-exemption commencing
                 from their first profitable calendar year and a 50% reduction in ordinary tax rate for the following three
                 calendar years. Beijing Shangke has been entitled to an exemption from income tax for the first two years
                 and 50% reduction for the next three years from its first profitable year as a “software enterprise”. It
                 has also been qualified as HNTE and enjoys a preferential income tax rate of 15%. The privileges cannot
                 be applied simultaneously. Beijing Shangke applied the privilege of “software enterprise” and enjoyed a
                 preferential income tax rate of 12.5% in 2019 and 2020. Beijing Shangke applied the privilege of HNTEs
                 and enjoyed a reduced 15% enterprise income tax rate in 2021 and 2022. Beijing Wodong Tianjun has
                 been entitled to an exemption from income tax for the first two years and 50% reduction for the next
                 three years from its first profitable year as a “software enterprise”. It applied the privilege of “software
                 enterprise” and enjoyed an exemption from income tax in 2020 and 2021, and a 50% reduction in 2022.


                 Certain enterprises will benefit from a preferential tax rate of 15% under the EIT Law if they are located in
                 applicable PRC regions as specified in the Catalogue of Encouraged Industries in Western Regions (initially
                 effective through the end of 2010 and further extended to 2030), or the Western Regions Catalogue,
                 subject to certain general restrictions described in the EIT Law and the related regulations. Chongqing
                 Haijia and certain other entities of the Group are qualified as the enterprises within the Catalogue of
                 Encouraged Industries in Western Regions and enjoyed 15% preferential income tax rate.




354   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Taxation (Continued)
   b)   Income tax (Continued)
        Chinese mainland (Continued)
        According to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, enterprises engaging in research and
        development activities are entitled to claim 150% of their research and development expenses so incurred
        as tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profits for that year (“Super Deduction”).
        The State Taxation Administration of the PRC announced in September 2018 that enterprises engaging in
        research and development activities would be entitled to claim 175% of their research and development
        expenses as Super Deduction from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020, which was subsequently
        announced in March 2021 to be further extended to December 31, 2023. In September 2022, the State
        Taxation Administration of the PRC further announced that for the enterprises entitled to the current pre-
        tax deduction ratio of 175% for research and development expenses, such ratio is raised to 200% during
        the period from October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.


        Withholding tax on undistributed dividends
        The EIT Law also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of a foreign country or region but
        whose “de facto management body” is located in the PRC be treated as a resident enterprise for the PRC
        tax purposes and consequently be subject to the PRC income tax at the rate of 25% for its global income.
        The Implementing Rules of the EIT Law merely define the location of the “de facto management body” as
        “the place where the exercising, in substance, of the overall management and control of the production
        and business operation, personnel, accounting, property, etc., of a non-PRC company is located.” Based
        on a review of surrounding facts and circumstances, the Group does not believe that it is likely that its
        operations outside of the PRC should be considered as a resident enterprise for the PRC tax purposes.


        The EIT Law also imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a Foreign
        Investment Enterprise (“FIE”) to its immediate holding company outside of the Chinese mainland, if such
        immediate holding company is considered as a non-resident enterprise without any establishment or place
        within the Chinese mainland or if the received dividends have no connection with the establishment or
        place of such immediate holding company within the Chinese mainland, unless such immediate holding
        company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with the Chinese mainland that provides for a
        different withholding arrangement. According to the arrangement between the Chinese mainland and Hong
        Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion
        in August 2006, dividends paid by an FIE in the Chinese mainland to its immediate holding company in
        Hong Kong will be subject to withholding tax at a rate of no more than 5% (if the FIE satisfies the criteria
        for “beneficial owner” under Circular No. 9, which was issued by the State Administration of Taxation in
        February 2018, and the foreign investor owns directly at least 25% of the shares of the FIE).




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        355
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 Taxation (Continued)
           b)    Income tax (Continued)
                 Withholding tax on undistributed dividends (Continued)
                 In 2020 and 2021, the Company did not record any dividend withholding tax on the retained earnings of its
                 FIEs in the Chinese mainland, as the Company intended to reinvest all earnings in the Chinese mainland to
                 further expand its business in the Chinese mainland, and its FIEs did not intend to declare dividends on the
                 retained earnings to their immediate foreign holding companies.

                 In 2022, the Company accrued RMB367 million withholding tax expenses associated with its earnings
                 expected to be distributed from its FIEs in the Chinese mainland to overseas. As of December 31, 2022,
                 the Company has accrued withholding tax liabilities associated with all of its earnings expected to be
                 distributed from its FIEs in the Chinese mainland to overseas, except for unrecognized deferred tax
                 liabilities of RMB4.3 billion related to the remaining undistributed earnings that the Company still intends to
                 indefinitely reinvest in the Chinese mainland.


                 The components of income/(loss) before tax are as follows:

                                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                    2020            2021          2022
                                                                                          (RMB in millions)

                     Income/(loss) before tax
                       Income from Chinese mainland operations                     15,803            14,518            16,800
                       Income/(loss) from non-Chinese mainland
                       operations                                                  35,016           (17,098)           (2,933)

                     Total income/(loss) before tax                                50,819             (2,580)          13,867

                     Income tax benefits/(expenses) applicable to
                       Chinese mainland operations
                        Current income tax expenses                                 (2,201)           (2,538)          (4,418)
                        Deferred tax benefits                                          719               651              732

                     Subtotal income tax expenses applicable to
                       Chinese mainland operations                                  (1,482)           (1,887)          (3,686)
                     Income tax expenses applicable to
                       non-Chinese mainland operations
                        Current income tax expenses                                     —                 —              (307)

                        Deferred tax expenses                                           —                 —              (183)

                     Subtotal income tax expenses applicable to
                       non-Chinese mainland operations                                  —                 —              (490)

                     Total income tax expenses                                      (1,482)           (1,887)          (4,176)




356   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Taxation (Continued)
   b)   Income tax (Continued)
        Withholding tax on undistributed dividends (Continued)
        Reconciliation of difference between the PRC statutory income tax rate and the Group’s effective income
        tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 is as follows:


                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                                      2020             2021             2022
          Statutory income tax rate                                   25.0%            25.0%           25.0%
          Tax effect of preferential tax rates and tax holiday       (2.3)%            86.0%         (19.3)%
          Tax effect of tax-exempt entities                         (16.8)%         (143.7)%           12.1%
          Effect on tax rates in different tax jurisdiction          (0.5)%            (2.3)%         (3.2)%
          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                        0.5%          (13.8)%            4.0%
          Tax effect of non-taxable income                             0.0%              1.4%         (0.4)%
          Tax effect of Super Deduction and others                   (4.2)%           105.9%         (19.0)%
          Changes in valuation allowance                               1.2%         (131.6)%           28.3%
          Effect on withholding income tax                             0.0%              0.0%           2.6%

          Effective tax rates                                          2.9%          (73.1)%           30.1%


        The following table sets forth the effect of tax holiday:


                                                                       For the year ended December 31,
                                                                        2020            2021            2022

          Tax holiday effect (RMB in millions)                          1,153          2,219            2,677
          Effect of tax holiday on basic net income/(loss) per
            share (RMB)                                                  0.38           0.71             0.86
          Effect of tax holiday on diluted net income/(loss) per
            share (RMB)                                                  0.37           0.71             0.84




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022       357
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 Taxation (Continued)
           c)    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                                     2021            2022
                                                                                                   (RMB in millions)

                     Deferred tax assets
                       — Net operating loss carry forwards and others                                 6,303           12,715
                       — Deferred revenues                                                              553              472
                       — Inventory valuation allowance                                                  575            1,029
                       — Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                603            1,001
                       — Unrealized fair value losses for certain investments                           747              595
                     Less: valuation allowance                                                       (7,670)         (14,276)

                     Net deferred tax assets                                                         1,111             1,536

                     Deferred tax liabilities
                      — Intangible assets arisen from business combination                           1,454             5,598
                      — Withholding tax on undistributed earnings                                       —                183
                      — Accelerated tax depreciation and others                                        443               730

                     Total deferred tax liabilities                                                  1,897             6,511


                 As of December 31, 2022, the accumulated net operating loss of RMB8,425 million of the Company’s
                 subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore and Hong Kong can be carried forward indefinitely to offset future
                 taxable income, the remaining accumulated net operating loss of RMB33,632 million mainly arose from the
                 Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs established in the Chinese mainland and Indonesia, which
                 can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The remaining accumulated net operating loss will
                 expire during the period from 2023 to 2027 except for those arose from HNTEs, which will expire during
                 the period from 2023 to 2032.

                 A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when the Group determines that it is more
                 likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be utilized in the future. In making such determination,
                 the Group evaluates a variety of factors including the Group’s entities’ operating history, accumulated
                 deficit, existence of taxable temporary differences and reversal periods.




358   JD.com, Inc.
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Taxation (Continued)
   c)   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        Valuation allowances provided on the deferred tax assets mainly related to the net operating loss carry
        forwards, as the Group’s management does not believe that sufficient positive evidence exists to
        conclude that the benefits of such deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. The amount
        of valuation allowance offset in deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 was RMB7,670
        million and RMB14,276 million, respectively.

        The movements of valuation allowance of deferred tax assets are as follows:


                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                                        2020            2021          2022
                                                                              (RMB in millions)

          Balance at beginning of the year                               3,674            4,289            7,670
            Additions                                                    4,393            5,052            7,694
            Reversals                                                   (3,778)          (1,671)          (1,088)

          Balance at end of the year                                    4,289            7,670           14,276


22 Financing for major subsidiaries
   JD Health
   In May 2019 and August 2020, JD Health entered into definitive agreements for the non-redeemable series A
   preference share financing of RMB6.5 billion and for the non-redeemable series B preference share financing of
   RMB6.3 billion with third-party investors, respectively.

   In December 2020, JD Health completed its IPO and issued 439,185,000 ordinary shares, including the
   exercise of the over-allotment option, at HK$70.58 per share. The net proceeds after deducting underwriting
   commissions, share issuance costs and offering expenses approximately amounted to RMB25.7 billion. Upon
   completion of IPO, the preference shares were converted into ordinary shares of JD Health.

   As of December 31, 2020, among the proceeds received, RMB11.8 billion was recorded as non-controlling
   interests and RMB26.7 billion was recorded as additional paid-in capital.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        359
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      22 Financing for major subsidiaries (Continued)
           JD Logistics
           In May 2021, JD Logistics completed its IPO and issued 700,534,900 ordinary shares, including the exercise of
           the over-allotment option, at HK$40.36 per share. The net proceeds after deducting underwriting commissions,
           share issuance costs and offering expenses approximately amounted to RMB22.9 billion. Among the proceeds
           received, RMB6.1 billion was recorded as non-controlling interests and RMB16.8 billion was recorded as
           additional paid-in capital.

           On March 25, 2022, JD Logistics entered into a placing agreement to issue its ordinary shares to a group of
           third-party investors for net proceeds of approximately HK$3,102 million in a placement (the “JDL Placement”).
           Concurrently, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, had entered into a subscription agreement with
           JD Logistics to subscribe for ordinary shares of JD Logistics, at the same per share price for the JDL Placement,
           for net proceeds of approximately US$692 million in cash (the “JD Subscription”). Upon completion of the
           JDL Placement and the JD Subscription in 2022, the Company maintained its shareholding in JD Logistics at
           approximately 63.56%, and continued to consolidate JD Logistics’s financial results into its financial statements.
           The Company recorded the net proceeds of financing in non-controlling interests of RMB2,221 million and
           additional paid-in capital of RMB295 million.


           JD Industrials
           In April and December 2020, JD Industrials entered into definitive agreements for non-redeemable series A
           and series A-1 preference share financing (“JD Industrials Series A and A-1 Preference Shares”) with a group
           of third-party investors. The total amount of financing arising from JD Industrials Series A and A-1 Preference
           Shares was US$335 million. Among the proceeds received, RMB510 million was recorded as non-controlling
           interests and RMB1,792 million was recorded as additional paid-in capital.

           The Group determined that JD Industrials Series A and A-1 Preference Shares should be classified as
           non-controlling interests upon its issuance since they were not redeemable by the holders.


           JD Property
           In March 2021, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for the non-redeemable series A preference
           share financing (“JD Property Series A Preference Shares”) with a group of third-party investors. The total
           amount of financing arising from JD Property Series A Preference Shares was US$703 million. Among the
           proceeds received, RMB3.1 billion was recorded as non-controlling interests and RMB1.3 billion was recorded
           as additional paid-in capital.

           In March and June 2022, JD Property entered into definitive agreements for its non-redeemable series B
           preferred share financing (“JD Property Series B Preference Shares”) with investors led by Hillhouse Investment,
           Warburg Pincus, and one leading global institutional investor, among others. The total amount of financing
           raised was approximately US$803 million. Among the proceeds received, RMB3.9 billion was recorded as non-
           controlling interests and RMB1.4 billion was recorded as additional paid-in capital.

           The Group determined that JD Property Series A Preference Shares and JD Property Series B Preference Shares
           should be classified as non-controlling interests upon its issuance since they were not redeemable by the holders.




360   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




23 Ordinary Shares
   On May 10, 2019, the Company renewed the strategic cooperation agreement in March 2014 with Tencent
   Holdings Limited (“Tencent”), for a period of three years starting from May 27, 2019. Tencent continued to
   provide traffic support, and the two parties also intend to continue to cooperate in a number of areas. As part
   of the total consideration, the Company agreed to issue to Huang River Investment Limited, a wholly owned
   subsidiary of Tencent, a certain number of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares for a consideration of
   approximately US$250 million at prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates during the three-year
   period, of which 8,127,302, 2,938,584 and 1,914,998 of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares were issued in
   May 2019, May 2020 and June 2021, respectively.


   On June 29, 2022, the Company renewed the strategic cooperation agreement with Tencent, for a period of
   three years starting from May 27, 2022. As part of the total consideration, the Company agreed to issue to
   Tencent a certain number of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares for a consideration of up to US$220 million
   at prevailing market prices at certain pre-determined dates during the three-year period, of which 2,164,236 of
   the Company’s Class A ordinary shares have been issued in July 2022.


   In June 2020, the Company completed its global offering and the Company’s shares have been listed on the
   Main Board of the HKEX. Accordingly, the Company issued 152,912,100 Class A ordinary shares, including the
   exercise of the over-allotment option.


   The ordinary shares reserved for future exercise of the RSUs and share options were 124,045,978 and
   90,955,190 as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


24 Dividends
   On May 4, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a special cash dividend of US$0.63 per
   ordinary share, or US$1.26 per American depositary share (“ADS”), to the holders of ordinary shares and
   ADSs, respectively, as of the close of business on May 20, 2022. Dividends are recognized when declared. The
   aggregate amount of the special dividend was approximately US$2 billion.


   No dividends had been paid or declared by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021,
   respectively.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022       361
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      25 Share repurchase program
           In March 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program (“2020 share
           repurchase program”) under which the Company may repurchase up to US$2,000 million worth of its ADSs
           over the following 24 months. The share repurchases may be made in accordance with applicable laws and
           regulations through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or other legally permissible
           means as determined by the management. In December 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors approved
           modifications to 2020 share repurchase program, pursuant to which the repurchase authorization increased from
           US$2,000 million to US$3,000 million and was extended until March 17, 2024.


           Under the 2020 share repurchase program, for the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased
           1,191,370 ADSs for US$44 million (RMB312 million) on the open market, at a weighted average price of
           US$37.04 per ADS. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased 10,214,827 ADSs
           for US$806 million (RMB5,246 million) on the open market, at a weighted average price of US$78.92 per
           ADS. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 5,010,203 ADSs for US$286 million
           (RMB1,823 million) on the open market, at a weighted average price of US$57.14 per ADS.


           The Company accounts for the repurchased ordinary shares under the cost method and includes such treasury
           stock as a component of the shareholders’ equity.


      26 Other comprehensive income
           Changes in the composition of accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to ordinary shareholders
           for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                                                         Net unrealized
                                                                             Foreign     gains/(losses)
                                                                            currency      on available-
                                                                         translation            for-sale
                                                                        adjustments           securities             Total
                                                                                    (RMB in millions)

             Balances as of December 31, 2019                                   4,108                55              4,163
             Other comprehensive loss                                          (7,656)               (55)        (7,711)

             Balances as of December 31, 2020                                  (3,548)               —           (3,548)
             Other comprehensive loss                                          (2,542)               —           (2,542)

             Balances as of December 31, 2021                                  (6,090)               —           (6,090)
             Other comprehensive income                                         5,131                —               5,131

             Balances as of December 31, 2022                                    (959)               —               (959)


           The income tax effects related to the accumulated other comprehensive income were insignificant for all
           periods presented.

362   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based compensation
   For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation expenses recognized
   were RMB4,156 million, RMB9,134 million and RMB7,548 million, respectively. The following table sets forth
   the allocation of share-based compensation expenses:

                                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                                                          2020             2021             2022
                                                                                 (RMB in millions)


     Cost of revenues                                                       98              102              143
     Fulfillment                                                           646              882              930
     Marketing                                                             347              586              631
     Research and development                                            1,400             1,781            1,557
     General and administrative                                          1,665             5,783            4,287


     Total                                                               4,156             9,134            7,548


   Share incentive plan
   The Company granted share-based awards to eligible employees and non-employees pursuant to a share
   incentive plan entitled “Share Incentive Plan”, which was adopted on November 13, 2014 and governed the
   terms of the awards.

   As of December 31, 2022, the Group had reserved 194,927,210 ordinary shares available to be granted as
   share-based awards under the Share Incentive Plan.

   (1)   Employee and non-employee awards
         The RSUs and share options are generally scheduled to be vested over two to ten years. One-second,
         one-third, one-fourth, one-fifth, one-sixth, or one-tenth of the awards, depending on different vesting
         schedules of the plans, are usually vested upon the end of the calendar year in which the awards were
         granted or the first anniversary dates of the grants, and the remaining of the awards shall be vested on
         straight line basis at the end of the remaining calendar or the anniversary years. Starting from the year
         ended December 31, 2016, certain awards had multiple tranches with tiered vesting commencement
         dates from 2016 to 2025, and each of the tranches is subject to a six-year vesting schedule. Starting from
         the year ended December 31, 2021, certain granted RSUs are subject to vesting ratably over a 4-year
         vesting period from the grant dates.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022       363
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based compensation (Continued)
           Share incentive plan (Continued)
           (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
                 Upon the reorganization of JD Technology, the employees’ status of JD Technology changed from the
                 employees of the Company’s subsidiary to non-employees of the Company. Subsequent to June 2020,
                 the employees’ status of JD Technology changed from non-employees of the Company to employees of
                 the Company’s equity method investee. Share-based awards granted by the Company to employees of
                 JD Technology and share-based awards granted by JD Technology to employees of the Company were
                 insignificant for all periods presented.


                 RSUs
                 a)  Service-based RSUs
                     A summary of activities of the service-based RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021
                     and 2022 is presented as follows:

                                                                                                       Weighted-
                                                                                   Number of      Average Grant-
                                                                                      RSUs        Date Fair Value
                                                                                                            US$

                         Unvested as of December 31, 2019                         100,831,204              15.35

                         Granted                                                   42,621,084              26.44
                         Vested                                                    (20,632,596)            15.25
                         Forfeited or cancelled                                    (14,550,450)            16.13

                         Unvested as of December 31, 2020                         108,269,242              19.62

                         Granted                                                   30,069,498              39.93
                         Vested                                                    (23,834,466)            18.89
                         Forfeited or cancelled                                    (19,395,408)            21.30

                         Unvested as of December 31, 2021                          95,108,866              25.89

                         Granted                                                   13,951,100              29.81
                         Vested                                                   (23,123,292)             23.04
                         Forfeited or cancelled                                   (14,295,620)             25.94

                         Unvested as of December 31, 2022                          71,641,054              27.56




364   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based compensation (Continued)
   Share incentive plan (Continued)
   (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
         RSUs (Continued)
         a)  Service-based RSUs (Continued)
             As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, 8,208,616 and 5,526,834 outstanding service-based RSUs were
             held by non-employees and employees of the Company’s equity method investee, respectively,
             mainly including employees of JD Technology.

              For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation
              expenses recognized by the Group for the service-based RSUs granted were RMB3,085 million,
              RMB4,129 million and RMB3,877 million, respectively.

              As of December 31, 2022, there were RMB5,735 million of unrecognized share-based compensation
              expenses related to the service-based RSUs granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over
              a weighted-average period of 3.7 years. The total fair value and intrinsic value of service-based RSUs
              vested was US$494 million (RMB3,458 million), US$973 million (RMB6,359 million) and US$706 million
              (RMB4,590 million) during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


         b)   Performance-based RSUs
              For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation expenses
              recognized by the Group for the performance-based RSUs granted were insignificant.


              As of December 31, 2022, there were no unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related
              to the performance-based RSUs granted.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        365
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based compensation (Continued)
           Share incentive plan (Continued)
           (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
                 Share options
                 A summary of activities of the service-based share options for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021
                 and 2022 is presented as follows:


                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                            Average
                                                                            Weighted      Remaining
                                                        Number of            Average     Contractual     Aggregate
                                                     Share Options      Exercise Price         Term Intrinsic Value
                                                                                                                  US$
                                                                                 US$            Year       in millions

                     Outstanding as of
                      December 31, 2019                  10,224,124              6.39             4.3             115

                     Exercised                           (5,073,294)             6.23
                     Forfeited or cancelled                (243,770)            10.24

                     Outstanding as of
                      December 31, 2020                   4,907,060              6.38             3.0             184

                     Exercised                           (1,962,856)             5.49
                     Forfeited or cancelled                   (7,092)           13.42

                     Outstanding as of
                      December 31, 2021                   2,937,112              6.95             2.9              82

                     Exercised                             (620,476)             5.70
                     Forfeited or cancelled                  (2,500)             3.96

                     Outstanding as of
                      December 31, 2022                   2,314,136              7.29             2.2              48

                     Vested and expected to vest
                       as of December 31, 2022            2,298,132              7.25             2.2              48
                     Exercisable as of
                       December 31, 2022                  2,247,452              7.12             2.1              47




366   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based compensation (Continued)
   Share incentive plan (Continued)
   (1)   Employee and non-employee awards (Continued)
         Share options (Continued)
         As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, 167,206 and 78,706 outstanding share options were held by non-
         employees and employees of the Company’s equity method investee, respectively, mainly including
         employees of JD Technology.


         There was no option granted during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.


         The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
         was US$111 million (RMB762 million), US$70 million (RMB453 million) and US$14 million (RMB98 million),
         respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value on the date of
         exercise and the exercise price of the share options.


         For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation expenses
         recognized by the Group for the share options granted were insignificant. As of December 31, 2022,
         the unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share options granted were
         insignificant. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years.


   (2)   Founder awards
         In May 2015, with approval of the board of directors of the Company, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (Mr. Liu),
         the Founder, was granted an option to acquire a total of 26,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company
         with an exercise price of US$16.70 per share (or US$33.40 per ADS) under the Company’s Share Incentive
         Plan, subject to a 10-year vesting schedule with 10% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant
         date. The Company will not grant any additional equity incentive to Mr. Liu during the 10-year period.


         For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation expenses
         recognized for the Founder’s share options were RMB104 million, RMB73 million and RMB54 million,
         respectively.


         As of December 31, 2022, there were RMB63 million of unrecognized share-based compensation
         expenses related to the Founder’s share options. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a
         weighted-average period of 2.4 years.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022      367
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based compensation (Continued)
           Share incentive plan (Continued)
           (3)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries
                 JD Logistics
                 JD Logistics approved and adopted a Pre-IPO share incentive plan on March 31, 2018 and a Post-IPO
                 share option scheme and a Post-IPO share award scheme on May 10, 2021, collectively the “JD Logistics
                 Plan”. JD Logistics launched the JD Logistics Plan to eligible employees and non-employees to attract and
                 retain the best available personnel, provide additional incentives to its employees and non-employees for
                 promoting the success of JD Logistics. The JD Logistics Plan consists of share options, RSUs and other
                 types of awards.


                 JD Logistics granted 224,511,105 and 30,030,446 share options of JD Logistics to its employees and non-
                 employees for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, including the share options
                 granted to Mr. Liu as mentioned below. There was no share option granted in 2022. The estimated fair
                 value of each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the binomial option-pricing model.
                 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted for the years ended December 31, 2020 and
                 2021 was US$2.00 and US$4.31 per share, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021
                 and 2022, total share-based compensation expenses for the share options granted under the JD Logistics
                 Plan were RMB640 million, RMB1,162 million and RMB702 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022,
                 there were RMB970 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share
                 options granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.6 years.


                 In October 2020, options to acquire 99,186,705 ordinary shares of JD Logistics with an exercise price of
                 US$0.01 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Logistics Plan. The grant was awarded
                 to Mr. Liu to motivate him to continue leading the future success of JD Logistics. The grant by JD Logistics is
                 subject to a 6-year vesting schedule with 16.7% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant date.


                 Starting July 2021, JD Logistics granted RSUs to its employees and non-employees. JD Logistics granted
                 9,663,953 and 41,570,538 RSUs of JD Logistics to its employees and non-employees for the years ended
                 December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The estimated fair value of each RSU granted is based on
                 market value of the JD Logistics’s shares on each date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair value
                 of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was HK$35.00 and HK$18.23 per share,
                 respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation expenses
                 for the RSUs granted under JD Logistics Plan were RMB39 million and RMB259 million, respectively. As
                 of December 31, 2022, there were RMB412 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses
                 related to the RSUs granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
                 of 3.3 years.




368   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 Share-based compensation (Continued)
   Share incentive plan (Continued)
   (3)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries (Continued)
         JD Health
         JD Health approved and adopted a Pre-IPO share incentive plan on September 14, 2020 and a Post-
         IPO share option scheme and a Post-IPO share award scheme on November 23, 2020, collectively the
         “JD Health Plan”. JD Health launched the JD Health Plan to eligible employees and non-employees
         to attract and retain the best available personnel, provide additional incentives to its employees and
         non-employees for promoting the success of JD Health. The JD Health Plan consists of share options,
         RSUs and other types of awards.


         JD Health granted 94,770,812 share options of JD Health to its employees and non-employees for the
         year ended December 31, 2020, including the share options granted to Mr. Liu as mentioned below.
         There was no share option granted in 2021 and 2022. The estimated fair value of each option grant is
         estimated on the date of grant using the binomial option-pricing model. The weighted average grant
         date fair value of options granted for the year ended December 31, 2020 was US$7.45 per share. For
         the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation expenses for the
         share options granted under the JD Health Plan were RMB331 million, RMB1,133 million and RMB960
         million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were RMB1,165 million of unrecognized share-based
         compensation expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized
         over a weighted-average period of 4.7 years.


         In October 2020, options to acquire 53,042,516 ordinary shares of JD Health with an exercise price of
         US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Health Plan. The grant was awarded to
         Mr. Liu to motivate him to continue leading the future success of JD Health. The grant by JD Health is subject
         to a 6-year vesting schedule with 16.7% of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the grant date.


         Starting January 2021, JD Health granted RSUs to its employees and non-employees. JD Health granted
         80,582,712 and 4,638,422 RSUs of JD Health to its employees and non-employees for the years ended
         December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The estimated fair value of each RSU granted is based on
         market value of the JD Health’s shares on each date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair value
         of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was HK$112.31 and HK$52.33 per
         share, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, total share-based compensation
         expenses for the RSUs granted under the JD Health Plan were RMB1,428 million and RMB1,108 million,
         respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were RMB1,609 million of unrecognized share-based
         compensation expenses related to the RSUs granted. The expenses are expected to be recognized over a
         weighted-average period of 3.9 years.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        369
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      27 Share-based compensation (Continued)
           Share incentive plan (Continued)
           (3)   Share-based compensation of subsidiaries (Continued)
                 Other Subsidiaries
                 In 2021, JD Property and JD Industrials each approved and adopted their own share incentive plan
                 (“JD Property Plan” and “JD Industrials Plan”), respectively, to eligible employees and non-employees
                 to attract and retain the best available personnel, provide additional incentives to its employees and
                 non-employees for promoting the success of JD Property and JD Industrials. The JD Property Plan and
                 JD Industrials Plan both consist of share options, RSUs and other types of awards.


                 JD Property granted 193,059,698 RSUs and 108,399,512 share options for the years ended December 31,
                 2021 and 2022, respectively. The estimated fair value of each RSU and share option granted is estimated
                 on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted average grant date fair
                 value of RSUs granted for the year ended December 31, 2021 was RMB2.42 and the weighted average
                 grant date fair value of share options granted for the year ended December 31, 2022 was RMB4.03 per
                 share. 193,059,698 RSUs and options to acquire 81,446,610 ordinary shares of JD Property with an
                 exercise US$0.0000005 per share were granted to Mr. Liu according to the JD Property Plan, which were
                 fully vested on November 25, 2021 and October 1, 2022, respectively. Total share-based compensation
                 expenses for the RSUs granted under JD Property Plan for the year ended December 31, 2021 were
                 RMB467 million and expenses for the share options granted under JD Property Plan for the year ended
                 December 31, 2022 were RMB354 million. As of December 31, 2022, there were RMB50 million of
                 unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses are
                 expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.


                 JD Industrials granted 90,629,636 RSUs and 2,660,000 share options for the years ended December 31,
                 2021 and 2022, respectively. The estimated fair value of each RSU and share option granted is estimated
                 on the date of grant based on the recent rounds of financing or binomial option-pricing model. The weighted
                 average grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the year ended December 31, 2021 was US$1.18 and
                 the weighted average grant date fair value of share options granted for the year ended December 31, 2022
                 was US$1.40 per share. 90,629,636 RSUs, which were fully vested on December 30, 2021, were granted
                 to Mr. Liu according to the JD Industrials Plan for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total share-based
                 compensation expenses for the RSUs granted under JD Industrials Plan for the year ended December 31,
                 2021 were RMB684 million and expenses for the share options granted under JD Industrials Plan for the
                 year ended December 31, 2022 were RMB7 million. As of December 31, 2022, there were RMB12 million
                 of unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses
                 are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.25 years.


                 Other than those disclosed above, the share-based compensation expenses of other subsidiaries in
                 aggregate were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.




370   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




28 Net income/(loss) per share
   Basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share for each of the years presented are calculated as follows:


                                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                                            2020              2021              2022

     Numerator:
     Net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders
      — basic (RMB in millions)                                           49,405             (3,560)          10,380
     Impact of subsidiaries’ diluted earnings (RMB in millions)              (157)               (2)            (170)

     Net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders
      — diluted (RMB in millions)                                         49,248             (3,562)          10,210


     Denominator:
     Weighted average number of shares — basic                    3,021,808,985      3,107,436,665     3,125,571,110
     Adjustments for dilutive options and RSUs                        87,215,045                 —       55,315,026


     Weighted average number of shares — diluted                  3,109,024,030      3,107,436,665     3,180,886,136
     Basic net income/(loss) per share attributable to ordinary
       shareholders (RMB)                                                  16.35              (1.15)             3.32
     Diluted net income/(loss) per share attributable to
       ordinary shareholders (RMB)                                         15.84              (1.15)             3.21


   Generally, basic net income/(loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of ordinary shares
   outstanding during the respective year. Diluted net income/(loss) per share is computed using the weighted
   average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares outstanding during the respective year.
   The potentially dilutive ordinary shares included RSUs and options to purchase ordinary shares of 138,762,892,
   127,098,868 and 105,899,185 for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 on a weighted average
   basis, respectively. They were not included in the calculation of diluted net income/(loss) per share in the periods
   presented where their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        371
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      29 Related party transactions
           The table below sets forth the major related parties and their relationships with the Group as of December 31, 2022:


                 Name of related parties                                                   Relationship with the Group

                 Tencent and its subsidiaries (“Tencent Group”)(*)                         A shareholder of the Group
                 Dada and its subsidiaries (“Dada Group”)          (**)
                                                                                           An investee of the Group
                 JD Technology    (***)
                                                                                           An investee of the Group, and controlled
                                                                                             by the Founder
                 Property Funds                                                            Investees of the Group
                 ATRenew and its subsidiaries (“ATRenew Group”)                            An investee of the Group

           (*)      In March 2022, Tencent completed a distribution of approximately 460 million Class A ordinary shares of the Company owned by
                    Tencent to its shareholders. As of March 31, 2022, Tencent’s shareholding in the Company was approximately 2.3% and Tencent had no
                    significant influence over the Company. As a result, Tencent Group was not considered as the Group’s related party since then.


           (**)     Dada became the subsidiary of the Company since February 28, 2022 as disclosed in Note 7. As a result, Dada Group was not considered
                    as the Group’s related party since then.


           (***)     JD Technology became an investee of the Group since June 2020 (Note 6).




372   JD.com, Inc.
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




29 Related party transactions (Continued)
   (a)   The Group entered into the following transactions with the major related parties:


               Transactions                                                                For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2020               2021          2022
                                                                                                       (RMB in millions)

               Revenues:
                 Commission from cooperation on advertising
                  business with Tencent Group(*)                                                355               248            44
                Services provided and products sold to Tencent
                 Group(*)                                                                       375               553            77
                 Services provided and products sold to Dada Group                              179               523           135
                Services provided and products sold to
                 ATRenew Group                                                                  664               894           806
                Services provided and products sold to
                 JD Technology                                                                  598               882          1,044


               Operating expenses:
                Services received and purchases from Tencent
                 Group(*)                                                                     3,226              5,010         1,314
                 Services received from Dada Group                                            2,200              1,087          212
                 Payment processing and other services received
                  from JD Technology                                                          6,945              8,762        11,494
                 Lease and property management services
                  received from Property Funds                                                  838              1,180         1,249
                 Services received from ATRenew Group                                             32                31            4


               Other income:
                 Income from non-compete agreement
                  with Dada Group                                                                 82                77           13
                Interest income from loans provided to
                 JD Technology                                                                    31              253           301
                Interest income from loans provided to
                 Property Funds                                                                   49                39           43


         (*)      Please refer to Note 23 for more details of strategic cooperation with Tencent Group.


         Revenues from related parties, excluding those from the major related parties as stated above,
         represented approximately 0.15%, 0.24% and 0.26% of total net revenues of the Group for the years
         ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Transactions with related parties included in
         operating expenses, excluding those with the major related parties as stated above, represented 0.28%,
         0.17% and 0.13% of total operating expenses of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021
         and 2022, respectively.

                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022   373
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      29 Related party transactions (Continued)
           (b) The Group had the following balances with the major related parties:

                                                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                                                        2021                  2022
                                                                                                                     (RMB in millions)

                       Due from Tencent Group                                                                           1,956                    —
                       Due from JD Technology
                         Loans provided to JD Technology(*)                                                             2,876                3,378
                         Other payables to JD Technology                                                                 (416)                (637)
                       Due from Property Funds
                         Loans provided to Property Funds(*)                                                              769                1,746
                         Other receivables from Property Funds                                                              87               1,068
                       Due from ATRenew Group                                                                               —                    22

                       Total                                                                                            5,272                5,577

                       Due to Dada Group                                                                                 (337)                   —
                       Due to ATRenew Group                                                                                (45)                  —

                       Total                                                                                             (382)                   —

                       Deferred revenues in relation to traffic support, marketing and
                        promotion services to be provided to Dada Group                                                    (83)                  —
                       Deferred revenues in relation to traffic support, marketing and
                        promotion services to be provided to ATRenew Group                                             (1,038)                (610)

                       Total                                                                                           (1,121)                (610)

                       Other liabilities in relation to non-compete obligation to Dada Group                             (101)                   —

                       Total                                                                                             (101)                   —


                 (*)      In relation to the loans provided to JD Technology and Property Funds, the Group charged JD Technology and Property Funds
                          based on fair market interest rate, and cash flows resulted from the loans were presented within investing activities in the
                          consolidated statements of cash flows.




374   JD.com, Inc.
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




29 Related party transactions (Continued)
   (b) The Group had the following balances with the major related parties: (Continued)

         As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group recorded amount due from related parties other than
         the major related parties as stated above of RMB492 million and RMB565 million, which represented
         approximately 2.11% and 1.58% of the Group’s total accounts receivable, net and prepayments and
         other current assets, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group recorded amount due
         to related parties other than the major related parties and deferred revenues in relation to traffic support,
         marketing and promotion services to be provided to related parties other than the major related parties as
         stated above of RMB137 million and RMB488 million, which represented approximately 0.07% and 0.20%
         of the Group’s total accounts payable, advance from customers, accrued expenses and other current
         liabilities, deferred revenues and other non-current liabilities, respectively.


   (c)   Other information related to related party transactions:


         Based on a series of agreements signed on January 1, 2016, JD Technology will perform the credit risk
         assessment and other related services in relation to consumer financing business and obtain the rewards
         from such services, thus JD Technology will purchase the consumer financing receivables past due over
         certain agreed period of time from the Group at carrying values without recourse and also agree to bear
         other cost in direct relation to the consumer financing business to absorb the risks. In connection with
         the agreements, the total amount of over-due consumer financing receivable related to the consumer
         financing business transferred from the Group to JD Technology were RMB493 million, RMB77 million and
         RMB237 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. In connection with
         the consumer financing business, JD Technology charged the Group RMB1,721 million, RMB1,985 million
         and RMB1,627 million, for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 for payment processing
         services provided to the Group, respectively, which are included in “payment processing and other
         services received from JD Technology” stated above.


         The Group transferred certain financial assets to JD Technology with or without recourse at fair value.
         The accounts receivable transferred without recourse were RMB33,406 million, RMB43,299 million and
         RMB50,282 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and were
         derecognized.


         In 2022, the Group also transferred to JD Technology certain equipment amounted to RMB1,462 million.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022        375
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      29 Related party transactions (Continued)
           (c)   Other information related to related party transactions: (Continued)


                 Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu, the Group’s Chairman of the board since the Group’s inception and the Chief
                 Executive Officer since the Group’s inception to April 2022, has purchased his own aircraft for both
                 business and personal use. The use of the aircraft in connection with the performance of his duty as
                 employee is free of charge to the Group, and the Group has agreed to assume the cost of maintenance,
                 crew and operations of the aircraft relating to the use of the aircraft. Such maintenance and incidental
                 costs were insignificant for all periods presented.


                 The terms of the agreements with the related parties are determined based on contracted prices
                 negotiated with other parties in normal commercial terms.


      30 Segment reporting
           The Group derives the results of the segments directly from its internal management reporting system.
           The CODM measures the performance of each segment based on metrics of revenues and earnings from
           operations and uses these results to evaluate the performance of, and to allocate resources to, each of the
           segments. The Group currently does not allocate assets, share-based compensation expenses and certain
           operating expenses to its segments, as the CODM does not use such information to allocate resources to or
           evaluate the performance of the operating segments. As most of the Group’s long-lived assets are located in
           the PRC and most of the Group’s revenues are derived from the PRC, no geographical information is presented.


           As disclosed in Note 2(mm), beginning with the first quarter of 2021, the Group implemented certain segment
           reporting changes to better reflect its optimized organizational structure and business developments. As a
           result, the Group reported three segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics and New Businesses in 2021. JD Cloud
           & AI businesses were deconsolidated from the Company from March 31, 2021, thus the operating results of
           JD Cloud & AI businesses were not included in New Businesses segment from the second quarter of 2021.
           The Group consolidated Dada since February 28, 2022 and reported the results of Dada as a new standalone
           segment. The Group also consolidated CNLP through JD Property since March 1, 2022 and reported the results
           of CNLP in the New Businesses segment. In addition, the Group has consolidated Deppon Holdco except the
           Excluded Business as defined in Note 7 since July 26, 2022 and reported the results of Deppon Holdco except
           Excluded Business as defined in Note 7 in the JD Logistics segment. As a result, the Group reported four
           segments, JD Retail, JD Logistics, Dada and New Businesses since 2022.




376   JD.com, Inc.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




30 Segment reporting (Continued)
   The table below provides a summary of the Group’s operating segment results for the years ended
   December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, with prior periods’ segment information retrospectively recast to conform
   to current period presentation:



                                                                                                For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                  2020               2021                  2022
                                                                                                           (RMB in millions)

         Net revenues:
           JD Retail                                                                        693,965               866,303              929,929
           JD Logistics                                                                         73,375            104,693              137,402
           Dada                                                                                      —                   —                 8,030
           New Businesses                                                                       17,601              26,063               21,779
           Inter-segment    (*)
                                                                                                (39,945)           (46,043)             (50,904)

         Total segment net revenues                                                         744,996               951,016            1,046,236
         Unallocated items                                                                         806                 576                     —

         Total consolidated net revenues                                                    745,802               951,592            1,046,236

         Operating income/(loss):
           JD Retail                                                                            20,611              26,613               34,852
           JD Logistics                                                                          1,098              (1,827)                  528
           Dada                                                                                      —                   —                (1,122)
           New Businesses                                                                        (4,723)           (10,600)               (5,295)
            Including: gain on sale of development properties
            (Note 19)                                                                            1,649                 767                 1,379

         Total segment operating income                                                         16,986              14,186               28,963
         Unallocated items(**)                                                                   (4,643)           (10,045)               (9,240)

         Total consolidated operating income                                                    12,343               4,141               19,723
         Total other income/(expense)                                                           38,476              (6,721)               (5,856)

         Income/(loss) before tax                                                               50,819              (2,580)              13,867


   (*)      The inter-segment eliminations mainly consist of revenues from supply chain solutions and logistics services provided by JD Logistics to
            JD Retail, and property leasing services provided by JD Property to JD Logistics.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022              377
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      30 Segment reporting (Continued)
           (**)   A summary of unallocated items for the years presented is as follows：


                                                                                           For the year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2020               2021             2022

                                                                                                      (RMB in millions)


                     Share-based compensation                                             (4,156)            (9,134)          (7,548)

                     Amortization of intangible assets resulting
                       from assets and business acquisitions                               (723)               (940)          (1,217)

                     Effects of business cooperation arrangements                           236                 29              (475)


                     Total                                                                (4,643)           (10,045)          (9,240)



      31 Employee benefit
           Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution plan,
           pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are
           provided to the employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs of the
           Group make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees’
           salaries, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government. The Group has no legal obligation for the
           benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee benefit expenses, which were
           expensed as incurred, were approximately RMB4,580 million, RMB7,894 million and RMB7,627 million for the
           years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Employee benefit expenses for the year ended
           December 31, 2020 was partially offset by the one-off benefit of the social security relief.


      32 Loan facilities and lines of credit
           As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s loan facilities were classified into different types as follows:


                                                                                                                             As of
                                                                                                                       December 31,
                                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                                                  (RMB in millions)

             Unsecured senior notes (Note 17)                                                                                10,224
             Unsecured borrowings              (*)
                                                                                                                             24,327
             Secured borrowings         (**)
                                                                                                                              7,828

             Total                                                                                                           42,379




378   JD.com, Inc.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




32 Loan facilities and lines of credit (Continued)
   (*)    As of December 31, 2022, the unsecured borrowings mainly consisted of borrowings without collaterals under loan facility agreements
          and borrowed from well-known financial institutions. The major unsecured borrowings are listed as below.


          In October 2021, the Group entered into a one-year HK$15,931 million term loan facility agreement with 5 lead arrangers. The term loans
          under this facility were priced at 50 basis points over Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) on and from the date of first loan made
          or to be made (“Initial Utilization Date”) to and including the date falling 6 months from the Initial Utilization Date, and thereafter at 70 basis
          points over HIBOR. In February and May 2022, the Group drew down HK$6,300 million and HK$2,741 million under the facility commitment,
          respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the borrowings above were recorded in short-term debts in the consolidated balance sheets and
          the undrawn balance was HK$6,890 million under this agreement. The borrowings were fully repaid in February 2023. The Group entered
          into another one-year HK$9,041 million term loan facility agreement to refinance the loan and drew down all the facility in February 2023.


          In December 2021, the Group entered into a 5-year US$2,000 million unsecured term and revolving loan facility with 5 lead arrangers.
          The term and revolving loans under this facility were priced at 85 basis points over London Interbank Offered Rate, which was amended
          to the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) in September 2022. In April 2022, the Group drew down US$1,000 million under the
          facility commitment, which will be due in 2027. As of December 31, 2022, RMB6,965 million of the borrowings above were recorded
          in long-term borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets and the undrawn balance was US$1,000 million under the credit facilities
          agreement.


          In December 2022, the Group entered into a seven-year RMB3,000 million term loan facility agreement. The term loans under this facility
          were priced at 145 basis points below Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”). In December 2022, the Group drew down RMB2,000 million under the
          facility commitment. As of December 31, 2022, RMB10 million was recorded in short-term debts and RMB1,990 million borrowings were
          recorded in long-term borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets. The undrawn balance was RMB1,000 million under this agreement.


          As of December 31, 2022, in addition to the above unsecured borrowings, RMB3,185 million and RMB4,101 million borrowings recorded
          in short-term debts and long-term borrowings, respectively, were without collaterals and borrowed from well-known financial institutions.


   (**)   As of December 31, 2022, RMB875 million and RMB6,953 million borrowings, were recorded in short-term debts and long-term
          borrowings, respectively, with collaterals of RMB19,765 million which mainly comprised of buildings, land use rights and certain
          subsidiary’s equity interests which is measured at fair value.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022                379
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      32 Loan facilities and lines of credit (Continued)
           As of December 31, 2022, the long-term borrowings, including the portion due within one year which were
           recoded in “short-term debts”, will be repaid according to the following schedule:


                                                                                                                As of
                                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                                                 2022
                                                                                                      (RMB in millions)

             2023                                                                                                   885
             2024                                                                                                  1,367
             2025                                                                                                  3,360
             2026                                                                                                  2,109
             2027                                                                                                  7,619
             2028 and thereafter                                                                                   5,554

                                                                                                                 20,894


           As of December 31, 2022, the Group had agreements with reputable commercial banks for unsecured revolving
           lines of credit, and increased its revolving lines of credit to RMB131,367 million. The Group was in compliance
           with the financial covenants, if any, under those lines of credit as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31,
           2022, under the lines of credit, the Group mainly had RMB30,391 million reserved for the issuance of bank
           acceptance and RMB2,331 million reserved for the bank guarantee.




380   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




33 Commitments and contingencies
   Commitments for internet data center (IDC) service fee
   The Group entered into non-cancelable IDC service agreements. The related expenses were RMB2,864 million,
   RMB2,236 million and RMB3,661 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively,
   and were charged to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) when
   incurred. Future minimum payments under these non-cancelable agreements with initial terms of one year or
   more consist of the following:


                                                                                                         As of
                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                (RMB in millions)

     2023                                                                                                     824
     2024                                                                                                     784
     2025                                                                                                     357
     2026                                                                                                     330
     2027                                                                                                     328
     2028 and thereafter                                                                                    1,708

                                                                                                            4,331


   Capital commitments
   The Group’s capital commitments primarily relate to commitments on construction and purchase of office
   building and warehouses. Total capital commitments contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated financial
   statements amounted to RMB10,744 million as of December 31, 2022. All of these capital commitments will be
   fulfilled in the following years according to the construction progress.

   Investment commitments
   The Group’s investment commitments primarily related to capital contribution obligation for certain fund
   investments. Total investment commitments contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated financial
   statements amounted to RMB2,449 million as of December 31, 2022.


   Long-term debt obligations
   The Group’s long-term debt obligations include unsecured senior notes and long-term borrowings. The amounts
   exclude the corresponding interest payable. The expected repayment schedule of the unsecured senior notes
   and long-term borrowings have been disclosed in Note 17 and Note 32, respectively.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        381
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      33 Commitments and contingencies (Continued)
           Legal proceedings
           From time to time, the Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Third
           parties assert patent infringement claims against the Group from time to time in the form of letters, lawsuits and
           other forms of communication. In addition, from time to time, the Group receives notification from customers
           claiming that they are entitled to indemnification or other obligations from the Group related to infringement
           claims made against them by third parties. Litigation, even if the Group is ultimately successful, can be costly
           and divert management’s attention away from the day-to-day operations of the Group. The Group records a
           liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably
           estimated. The Group reviews the need for any such liability on a regular basis. The Group has not recorded any
           material liabilities in this regard as of December 31, 2022.

           Purchase commitments
           The Group’s purchase commitments primarily relate to purchase of products. Total purchase commitments
           contracted but not yet reflected in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 represented
           less than 1% of total net revenues of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022.

      34 Restricted net assets
           The Company’s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on the Company receiving distributions of
           funds from its subsidiaries. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the
           Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs incorporated in the PRC only out of their retained earnings, if
           any, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations. The results of operations
           reflected in the financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the
           statutory financial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries.

           In accordance with the PRC Regulations on Enterprises with Foreign Investment, a foreign invested enterprise
           established in the PRC is required to provide certain statutory reserve funds, namely general reserve fund, the
           enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund which are appropriated from net profits as reported
           in the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. A foreign invested enterprise is required to allocate at
           least 10% of its annual after-tax profits to the general reserve fund until such reserve fund has reached 50%
           of its registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. Appropriations to the
           enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the board of directors for all
           foreign invested enterprises. The aforementioned reserved funds can only be used for specific purposes and are
           not distributable as cash dividends.

           Additionally, in accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide
           statutory surplus fund at least 10% of its annual after-tax profits until such statutory surplus fund has reached
           50% of its registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. A domestic enterprise
           is also required to provide discretionary surplus fund, at the discretion of the board of directors, from the net
           profits reported in the enterprise’s PRC statutory financial statements. The aforementioned reserve funds can
           only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends.

           As a result of these PRC laws and regulations that require annual appropriations of 10% of net after-tax profits
           to be set aside prior to payment of dividends as general reserve fund or statutory surplus fund, the Company’s
           PRC subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to
           the Company.



382   JD.com, Inc.
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




34 Restricted net assets (Continued)
   Amounts restricted include paid-in capital, additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve funds, as determined
   pursuant to the PRC GAAP, totaling approximately RMB58,228 million, or 27% of the Company’s total consolidated
   net assets, as of December 31, 2022. Except for the above, there is no other restriction on the use of proceeds
   generated by the Company’s subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs to satisfy any obligations of the Company.

35 Subsequent events
   Listing of Real Estate Investment Trust
   The warehousing real estate investment trust (“REIT”), jointly established by the Company, JD Property and
   Harvest Fund, became the first of its kind in the private sector in China that received formal approval from
   China’s Securities Regulatory Commission in December 2022 and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in
   February 2023. The listing raised over RMB1.7 billion.

   Dividends
   On March 8, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a cash dividend of US$0.31 per ordinary
   share, or US$0.62 per ADS, to holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs, respectively, as of the
   close of business on April 6, 2023, payable in U.S. dollars. The aggregate amount of the dividend will be
   approximately US$1.0 billion. The payment date is expected to be on or around April 27, 2023 and on or
   around May 4, 2023 for holders of ordinary shares and holders of ADSs, respectively.

   In addition, the Company plans to adopt an annual dividend policy, under which the Company may choose
   to declare and distribute a cash dividend each year, starting from 2023, at an amount determined in relation
   to the Company’s financial performance in the previous fiscal year, among other factors. The determination
   to make dividend distributions in any particular year will be made at the discretion of the Board of Directors
   based upon factors such as the Company’s results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, capital
   requirements and other considerations that the Board of Directors deems relevant.

   JD Industrials’ Series B Transaction
   In March 2023, JD Industrials entered into definitive transaction agreements in connection with its series B
   preference shares with a group of investors. The total cash proceeds were approximately US$210 million.
   The Group remained the majority shareholder of JD Industrials after the completion of the transactions.

   JD Property applied for HKEX listing
   On March 30, 2023, JD Property, through its joint sponsors, submitted a listing application form to the HKEX
   to apply for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the shares of JD Property on the Main Board of the
   HKEX. The Group will remain the majority shareholder of JD Property after the listing. There is no assurance
   as to whether or when the proposed listing may take place.

   JD Industrials applied for HKEX listing
   On March 30, 2023, JD Industrials, through its joint sponsors, submitted a listing application form to the
   HKEX to apply for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the shares of JD Industrials on the Main Board
   of the HKEX. The Group will remain the majority shareholder of JD Industrials after the listing. There is no
   assurance as to whether or when the proposed listing may take place.

   Share Repurchase Program
   Under the 2020 share repurchase program, as of the date of this report, the Company had repurchased
   20,255,890 ADSs for approximately US$1,290 million, including 3,839,490 ADSs for approximately US$153
   million during the period from January 1, 2023 to the date of this report.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        383
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      36 Parent company only condensed financial information
           The Company performed a test on the restricted net assets of the consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs in
           accordance with Rule 5-04(c) of Regulation S-X, and concluded that it was applicable for the Company to
           disclose the financial information for the parent company only.

           As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have significant capital commitments and other significant
           commitments, or guarantees, except for those which have been separately disclosed in the consolidated
           financial statements.
           Condensed Balance Sheets
                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                            2021              2022
                                                                                                             US$
                                                                             RMB             RMB        Note 2(g)
                                                                   (in millions, except share and per share data)

             ASSETS
              Cash and cash equivalents                                    7,417           5,029             729
              Short-term investments                                           1              —               —
              Internal balance                                            65,120          63,708           9,237
              Investments in subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs          148,607         162,015          23,491
              Prepayments and other assets                                   419             308              44

             Total assets                                                221,564         231,060          33,501

             LIABILITIES
               Short-term debts                                            2,869              —               —
               Unsecured senior notes                                      9,461          10,347           1,499
               Long-term borrowings                                           —            6,965           1,010
               Accrued expenses and other liabilities                        323             382              56
             Total liabilities                                            12,653          17,694           2,565

             SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:
               Ordinary shares (US$0.00002 par value;
                 100,000,000,000 shares authorized;
                 2,731,123,330 Class A ordinary shares issued
                 and 2,690,342,230 outstanding, 428,185,501
                 Class B ordinary shares issued and 420,449,419
                 outstanding as of December 31, 2021;
                 2,793,298,344 Class A ordinary shares issued
                 and 2,756,458,772 outstanding, 386,374,723
                 Class B ordinary shares issued and 379,220,475
                 outstanding as of December 31, 2022.)                        —*              —*              —*
               Additional paid-in capital                                182,578         184,041          26,683
               Statutory reserves                                          1,586           3,473             504
               Treasury stock                                             (2,968)         (2,493)           (361)
               Retained earnings                                          33,805          29,304           4,249
               Accumulated other comprehensive loss                       (6,090)           (959)           (139)
             Total shareholders’ equity                                  208,911         213,366          30,936
             Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                  221,564         231,060          33,501

           * Absolute value is less than RMB1 million.
384   JD.com, Inc.
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




36 Parent company only condensed financial information (Continued)

   Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss)


                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                   2020              2021               2022
                                                                                                     US$
                                                   RMB               RMB             RMB        Note 2(g)
                                                   (in millions, except share and per share data)

     Operating expenses
       Marketing                                     (11)               (4)            (2)             —
       General and administrative                   (453)             (465)          (331)            (48)

     Loss from operations                           (464)             (469)          (333)            (48)

     Other income/(expense)
      Income/(loss) from subsidiaries
        and consolidated VIEs                     50,154            (2,708)        10,667           1,548
       Other income/(expense), net                  (266)             (376)            48               7

     Income/(loss) before tax                     49,424            (3,553)        10,382           1,507
       Income tax expenses                           (19)               (7)            (2)             —

     Net income/(loss)                            49,405            (3,560)        10,380           1,507

     Net income/(loss) attributable to
      ordinary shareholders                       49,405            (3,560)        10,380           1,507

     Net income/(loss)
      Other comprehensive income/
       (loss):
        Foreign currency translation
        adjustments                               (7,656)           (2,542)         5,131            744
       Net change in unrealized gains/
        (losses) on available-for-sale
        securities:
          Unrealized gains, net of tax              705                 —              —               —
         Reclassification
          adjustment for gains
           recorded in net income,
          net of tax                                (760)               —              —               —
        Net unrealized losses on
        available-for-sale securities                (55)               —              —               —
       Total other comprehensive
         income/(loss)                            (7,711)           (2,542)         5,131            744

     Total comprehensive income/(loss)            41,694            (6,102)        15,511           2,251


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022     385
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      36 Parent company only condensed financial information (Continued)

           Condensed Statements of Cash Flows


                                                              For the year ended December 31,
                                                         2020           2021                  2022
                                                                                                          US$
                                                         RMB            RMB               RMB        Note 2(g)
                                                                        (in millions)

             Net cash used in operating
               activities                                 (243)          (411)            (509)            (74)

             Cash flows from investing activities:
             Purchase of short-term investments         (3,421)        (3,189)               —              —
             Maturity of short-term investments             —          6,546                  1             —
             Loans (provided to)/settled by internal
               companies                               (13,421)       (20,900)           7,426          1,077
             Other investing activities                    40          3,147                 —              —
             Net cash provided by/(used in)
              investing activities                     (16,802)       (14,396)           7,427          1,077

             Cash flows from financing
               activities:

             Proceeds from issuance of ordinary
               shares                                  31,342              —                 —              —
             Repurchase of ordinary shares                  —              —             (1,823)         (264)
             Cash paid for dividends                        —              —            (13,087)        (1,897)
             Proceeds from short-term borrowings            —              —             3,945            572
             Repayment of short-term borrowings             —              —             (7,005)        (1,016)
             Proceeds from long-term borrowings             —              —             6,618            960
             Proceeds from unsecured senior notes       6,804              —                 —              —
             Repayment of unsecured senior notes            —          (3,246)               —              —
             Other financing activities                   236              62            1,043            151
             Net cash provided by/(used in)
              financing activities                     38,382          (3,184)          (10,309)        (1,494)

             Effect of exchange rate changes on
              cash, cash equivalents, and
               restricted cash                          (2,369)          (136)           1,003            145
             Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
               equivalents, and restricted cash        18,968         (18,127)           (2,388)         (346)
             Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
               cash at beginning of year                6,576         25,544             7,417          1,075
             Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted
               cash at end of year                     25,544          7,417             5,029            729


386   JD.com, Inc.
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




36 Parent company only condensed financial information (Continued)
   Basis of presentation
   The Company’s accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies with the exception of
   the accounting for the investments in subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs.

   For the parent company only condensed financial information, the Company records its investments in
   subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs under the equity method of accounting as prescribed in ASC 323.
   Such investments are presented in the condensed balance sheets as “Investments in subsidiaries and
   consolidated VIEs” and shares in the subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs’ financial results are presented as
   “Income/(loss) from subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs” in the condensed statements of operations and
   comprehensive income/(loss). The parent company only condensed financial information should be read in
   conjunction with the Group’ consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022       387
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
         Standards
           The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
           respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). The effects of material differences between
           the consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs are as follows:

                                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                                                      IFRSs adjustments
                                                                   Amounts as                    Investments                                       Amounts as
                                                                reported under   Preferred       measured at      Share-based             Lease reported under
                                                                    U.S. GAAP       shares          fair value   compensation         accounting         IFRSs
                                                                                    Note i             Note ii             Note iii      Note iv
                                                                                                       (RMB in millions)

             Fulfillment                                              (59,055)         —                   —                    —         1,148        (57,907)
             Marketing                                                (38,743)         —                   —                    —             3        (38,740)
             Research and development                                 (16,332)         —                   —                    —             7        (16,325)
             General and administrative                               (11,562)         —                   —                    —             7        (11,555)
             Gain on sale of development properties                       767          —                   —                    —          (263)           504
             Income from operations                                     4,141          —                   —                    —           902          5,043
             Share of results of equity investees                      (4,918)         —               (1,509)                  —            —          (6,427)
             Interest expense                                          (1,213)        (15)                 —                    —          (872)        (2,100)
             Others, net                                                 (590)         —                3,367                   —            —           2,777
             Fair value changes of preferred shares                        —      (14,011)                 —                    —            —         (14,011)
             Loss before tax                                           (2,580)    (14,026)              1,858                   —            30        (14,718)
             Income tax expense                                        (1,887)         —                 (359)                 (82)          —          (2,328)
             Net loss                                                  (4,467)    (14,026)              1,499                  (82)          30        (17,046)
             Net loss attributable to non-controlling
              interests shareholders                                     (923)     (3,950)                 47                   —           (33)        (4,859)
             Net income attributable to mezzanine equity
              classified as non-controlling
              interests shareholders                                       16         (16)                 —                    —            —              —
             Net loss attributable to ordinary
              shareholders                                             (3,560)    (10,060)              1,452                  (82)          63        (12,187)

             Net loss                                                  (4,467)    (14,026)              1,499                  (82)          30        (17,046)
             Foreign currency translation adjustments                  (2,872)        552                 (15)                  —            —          (2,335)

             Total comprehensive loss                                  (7,339)    (13,474)              1,484                  (82)          30        (19,381)
             Total comprehensive loss attributable to
               non-controlling interests shareholders                  (1,253)     (3,950)                 47                   —           (33)        (5,189)
             Total comprehensive income attributable to
               mezzanine equity classified as non-controlling
               interests shareholders                                      16         (16)                 —                    —            —              —
             Total comprehensive loss attributable to
               ordinary shareholders                                   (6,102)     (9,508)              1,437                  (82)          63        (14,192)




388   JD.com, Inc.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
   Standards (Continued)

                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                                           IFRSs adjustments
                                                           Amounts as                     Investments                                            Redeemable         Amounts as
                                                        reported under                 measured at fair         Share-based         Lease             equity     reported under
                                                            U.S. GAAP Preferred shares          value         compensation     accounting          securities             IFRSs
                                                                                Note i           Note ii            Note iii         Note iv          Note v
                                                                                                           (RMB in millions)

     Fulfillment                                              (63,011)              —                —                   —            1,329               —             (61,682)
     Marketing                                                (37,772)              —                —                   —                 4              —             (37,768)
     Research and development                                 (16,893)              —                —                   —                 8              —             (16,885)
     General and administrative                               (11,053)              —                —                   —                 9              —             (11,044)
     Gain on sale of development properties                     1,379               —                —                   —             (514)              —                865
     Income from operations                                    19,723               —                —                   —              836               —              20,559
     Share of results of equity investees                      (2,195)              —               143                  —               —                —              (2,052)
     Interest expense                                          (2,106)              —                —                   —            (1,081)              (6)           (3,193)
     Others, net                                               (1,555)              —            (2,578)                 —                —               —              (4,133)
     Fair value changes of preferred shares                        —            (2,262)              —                   —                —               —              (2,262)

     Income before tax                                         13,867           (2,262)          (2,435)                 —             (245)               (6)            8,919
     Income tax expense                                        (4,176)              —               (46)               (126)              —               —              (4,348)

     Net income                                                 9,691           (2,262)          (2,481)               (126)           (245)               (6)            4,571
     Net loss attributable to non-controlling
      interests shareholders                                     (697)            (433)              23                  (1)             (56)             —              (1,164)
     Net income attributable to mezzanine equity
      classified as non-controlling                                 8               (8)              —                   —                —               —                  —
      interests shareholders
     Net income attributable to ordinary
      shareholders                                             10,380           (1,821)          (2,504)               (125)           (189)               (6)            5,735

     Net income                                                 9,691           (2,262)          (2,481)               (126)           (245)               (6)            4,571
     Foreign currency translation adjustments                   7,810             (302)             135                  —                —               —               7,643
     Fair value on equity instruments at
       fair value through                                          —                —               (80)                 —                —               —                 (80)
       other comprehensive income
     Total comprehensive income                                17,501           (2,564)          (2,426)               (126)           (245)               (6)           12,134
     Total comprehensive income attributable to
       non-controlling interests shareholders                   1,982             (433)              30                  (1)             (56)             —               1,522
     Total comprehensive income attributable to
       mezzanine equity classified as non-controlling
       interests shareholders                                       8               (8)              —                   —                —               —                  —

     Total comprehensive income attributable to
       ordinary shareholders                                   15,511           (2,123)          (2,456)               (125)           (189)               (6)           10,612




                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 389
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
         Standards (Continued)

                                                                                                                   As of December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                      IFRSs adjustments
                                                                         Amounts as                             Investments                                                  Amounts as
                                                                             reported                        measured at fair           Share-based                             reported
                                                                     under U.S. GAAP     Preferred shares              value          compensation       Lease accounting    under IFRSs
                                                                                                    Note i            Note ii                Note iii             Note iv
                                                                                                                        (RMB in millions)
             Operating lease right-of-use assets                              19,987                   —                  —                       —                (1,638)       18,349
             Investment in equity investees                                   63,222                   —             (34,032)                     —                    —         29,190
             Investment securities                                            19,088                   —             (19,088)                     —                    —              —
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 —                   —              57,813                      —                    —         57,813
             Deferred tax assets                                               1,111                   —                  —                      304                   —          1,415
             Total assets                                                    496,507                   —               4,693                     304               (1,638)      499,866
             Deferred tax liabilities                                          1,897                   —                 438                      —                    —          2,335
             Other non-current liabilities                                     1,786                   —                  —                       —                    —          1,786
             Equity instruments with preference rights                             —                  631                 —                       —                    —            631
             Preferred shares                                                      —                8,589                 —                       —                    —          8,589
             Total liabilities                                               249,723                9,220                438                      —                    —        259,381
             Convertible redeemable non-controlling interests                  1,212               (1,212)                —                       —                    —              —
             Additional paid-in capital                                      182,578                9,144                 —                      382                   —        192,104
             Retained earnings                                                33,805              (14,421)             4,359                      (78)             (1,605)       22,060
             Accumulated other comprehensive loss                              (6,090)                596               (152)                     —                    —          (5,646)
             Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                         208,911               (4,681)             4,207                     304               (1,605)      207,136
             Non-controlling interest                                         36,661               (3,327)                48                      —                   (33)       33,349

             Total shareholders’ equity                                      245,572               (8,008)             4,255                     304               (1,638)      240,485




390   JD.com, Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
   Standards (Continued)

                                                                                                             As of December 31, 2022
                                                                                                              IFRSs adjustments
                                                                 Amounts as
                                                                    reported                 Investments                                                                 Amounts as
                                                                  under U.S.    Preferred    measured at        Share-based                             Redeemable          reported
                                                                       GAAP       shares        fair value    compensation      Lease accounting    equity securities    under IFRSs
                                                                                   Note i          Note ii           Note iii            Note iv              Note v
                                                                                                                 (RMB in millions)
         Operating lease right-of-use assets                          22,267           —               —                  —               (1,883)                 —           20,384
         Investment in equity investees                               57,641           —          (35,851)                —                   —                   —           21,790
         Investment securities                                        11,611           —          (11,611)                —                   —                   —               —
         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            —            —           48,893                 —                   —                   —           48,893
         Financial assets at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                                     —            —              834                 —                   —                   —             834
         Deferred tax assets                                           1,536           —               38                 50                  —                   —            1,624
         Total assets                                               595,250            —            2,303                 50              (1,883)                 —         595,720
         Deferred tax liabilities                                      6,511           —              487                 —                   —                   —            6,998
         Other non-current liabilities                                 1,737           —               —                  —                   —                  547           2,284
         Preferred shares                                                         16,084               —                  —                   —                   —          16,084
         Total liabilities                                          321,127       16,084              487                 —                   —                  547        338,245
         Convertible redeemable non-controlling
           interests                                                    590            —               —                  —                   —                 (590)             —
         Additional paid-in capital                                  184,041       9,540               —                 249                  —                 (434)        193,396
         Retained earnings                                            29,304      (16,242)          1,855               (203)             (1,794)                  (6)        12,914
         Accumulated other comprehensive loss                           (959)        294             (104)                —                   —                   —             (769)
         Total JD.com, Inc. shareholders’ equity                     213,366       (6,408)          1,751                 46              (1,794)               (440)        206,521
         Non-controlling interest                                     60,167       (9,676)             65                  4                 (89)                483          50,954

         Total shareholders’ equity                                  273,533      (16,084)          1,816                 50              (1,883)                 43         257,475


   Notes


   (i)          Preferred shares


                Under U.S. GAAP, preferred shares of the Group are accounted for as mezzanine equity or non-controlling interests, depending on
                the redeemable features exists or not. The preferred shares with redeemable features are classified as mezzanine equity because
                they are redeemable contingently upon the occurrence of certain events outside of the Group’s control. This kind of preferred shares
                are recorded initially at fair value, net of issuance costs at the date of issuance. Accretion to the respective redemption value of the
                preferred shares over the period is recognized starting from issuance date to the earliest redemption date.


                Under IFRS, since the Group does not have an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash, the prefer shares represent liability. With
                certain embedded features, the Group designates the entire preferred shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                and are initially recognized at fair value, while the changes in the fair value are recognized in profit or loss. The issuance costs are
                recorded in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 391
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      37 Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
         Standards (Continued)
           Notes (continued)

           (ii)    Investments measured at fair value

                   Under U.S. GAAP, the Group uses measurement alternative to record the investments without readily determinable fair values at cost,
                   less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes on a nonrecurring basis, and report changes in the carrying value
                   of the equity investments in profit or loss. Changes in the carrying value of the equity investments are required to be made whenever
                   there are observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Those investments
                   include convertible redeemable preferred shares, ordinary shares with preferential rights issued by privately held companies and equity
                   investments in unlisted entities, in the form of ordinary shares without significant influence. In addition, the Group accounts certain
                   investments in private equity funds over which the Group does not have the ability to exercise significant influence under the existing
                   practical expedient, and estimates fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent) of the investment. The Group also applies
                   the equity method of accounting to account for certain equity investments in private equity funds.

                   Under IFRS, the aforementioned investments are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and measured at fair
                   value, except for certain equity investments not held for trading but held for long-term strategic purposes, which are designated as
                   financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Fair value changes of these long-term investments are recognized
                   in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, respectively.

           (iii)   Share-based compensation

                   Under U.S. GAAP, for awards that ordinarily give rise to a tax deduction under existing tax law, deferred taxes are computed on the
                   basis of the compensation expense that is recognized for financial reporting purposes. In addition, tax benefits in excess of or less
                   than the related deferred tax assets are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the amount of the deduction is determined
                   (typically when an award vests or, in the case of options, is exercised or expires).

                   Under IFRS, for awards that will give rise to a tax deduction under the applicable tax law, deferred taxes are computed on the basis
                   of the hypothetical tax deduction for the share-based payment that corresponds to the percentage earned to date (i.e., the intrinsic
                   value of the award on the reporting date multiplied by the percentage vested). In addition, tax benefits less than or equal to the
                   related deferred tax assets are recognized in profit or loss, otherwise are recognized in equity.

           (iv)    Lease

                   Lease classification and measurement

                   Under U.S. GAAP, the amortization of the right-of-use assets and interest expense related to the lease liabilities are recorded
                   together as lease expense to produce a straight-line recognition effect in profit or loss.

                   Under IFRS, the amortization of the right-of-use asset is on a straight-line basis while the interest expense related to the lease
                   liabilities are measured at amortized cost.

                   Sale-and-leaseback

                   Under U.S. GAAP, if the sale-and-leaseback transaction qualifies as a sale, the entire gain on the transaction would be recognized.

                   Under IFRS, for sale-and-leaseback transactions that qualify as a sale, the gain would be limited to the amount related to the residual portion
                   of the asset sold. The amount of the gain related to the underlying asset leased back to the lessee would be offset against the lessee’s
                   right-of-use asset.

           (v)     Redeemable equity securities

                   Under U.S. GAAP, certain financial instruments of the Group in the form of shares with redemption features embedded are classified
                   as redeemable non-controlling interests, when the realization of the redemption feature is subject to certain conditions that are not
                   within solely control of the Group.

                   Under IFRS, these financial instruments are classified as liabilities irrespective of whether the obligation is unconditional or
                   conditional.


392   JD.com, Inc.
