                           To           Company Announcements Office                                  Facsimile    1300 135 638

                           Company      ASX Limited                                                   Date         17 August 2023

                           From         Helen Hardy                                                   Pages        201

                           Subject      Full Year Results – Financial Year Ended 30 Jun 2023


                        We attach the following documents relating to Origin Energy’s Results for the full-year ended
                        30 June 2023:




For personal use only
                             1. Appendix 4E;
                             2. Annual Report (incorporating Financial Statements, Directors’ Report including Operating and
                                Financial Review and Remuneration Report) and Reserves Report;
                             3. Corporate Governance Statement and Appendix 4G

                        Authorised for lodgement by:




                        Helen Hardy
                        Company Secretary
                        02 8345 5000




                        Origin Energy Limited ABN 30 000 051 696 • Level 32, Tower 1, 100 Barangaroo Avenue, Barangaroo, NSW 2000
                        GPO Box 5376, Sydney NSW 2001 • Telephone (02) 8345 5000 • Facsimile (02) 9252 9244• www.originenergy.com.au
                    Appendix 4E
                                                                                                                                                                                              1




                    Appendix 4E

                    Origin Energy Limited and its Controlled Entities

                    Results for announcement to the market

                    30 June 2023

                                                                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                        Total Group Revenue ($m)                                                                 up                           14%                 16,481                14,461
                        Profit for the period attributable to members of the parent entity ($m)                  up                            nm1                 1,055                (1,429)



                        Net tangible asset backing per ordinary security2                                      down                           15%                  $3.45                 $4.08




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                            Franked amount
                                                                                                                                                                              per security
                                                                                                                                                          Amount               at 30 per
                        Dividends                                                                                                                       per security            cent tax
                        Final dividend determined subsequent to 30 June 2023                                                                              20 cents               20 cents
                        Previous corresponding period (30 June 2022)                                                                                      16.5 cents           12.375 cents
                        Record date for determining entitlements to the dividend                                               6 September 2023
                        Dividend payment date                                                                                  29 September 2023

                    1 Not meaningful.
                    2 The calculation of net tangible assets excludes lease related right-of-use assets of $464 million (2022: $466 million), categorised under Property, Plant & Equipment on the
                         Balance Sheet, as these are not considered tangible in nature.


                    Brief explanation of any of the figures reported above or other item(s) of importance not previously released to the market.
                    Refer to the attached Directors' Report and Operating and Financial review for explanations.
                    Discussion and Analysis of the results for the year ended 30 June 2023.
                    Refer to the attached Directors' Report and Operating and Financial Review for commentary
                        The value we create




For personal use only




                           2023 Annual Report
                    If originality is the ability to do things differently,
                    Origin was created with that in mind. We were the
                    first energy company in Australia to span retail,
                    power generation and upstream gas production.
                    And, we’ve kept our eye on a low-carbon future.

                    Since listing on the ASX in 2000, Origin has grown
                    into a leading Australian energy company. It is a
                    privilege to provide reliable energy to millions of
                    homes and businesses every day and make a strong
                    contribution to communities.

                    We’ve come a long way, but we’ve got a long way
                    to go. Energy generation is changing rapidly as
                    the energy transition accelerates. And with this,
                    the needs and preferences of our customers are
                    changing. Our communities need our support as
                    much as ever.

                    We’re a company that embraces opportunities




For personal use only
                    and leans into challenges. And that’s how we
                    create value.
For personal use only




         Originality
For personal use only




                    Originality
                    in vision

                    Elise
                    Head of Export & Infrastructure for Future Fuels

                    “It’s in our DNA to question, innovate and optimise. It drives our
                    pursuit to reimagine a better and more sustainable future.”
                    Some of the key beliefs that shaped our
                    vision in the early days remain similar today:
                    renewables will meet an increasing share of
                    energy needs; peaking generation is crucial to
                    maintaining reliable supply given the variable
                    output of renewables; and there will be a
                    revolution in how people interact with energy,
                    underpinned by trusted relationships with
                    retailers.

                    Gas has always been an important part of our
                    business, and we believe in its continued role
                    in the energy mix both to firm the grid and as a
                    feedstock for industries where electrification is
                    not a viable alternative.

                    Origin has grown from a market capitalisation
                    of ~$300 million in 2000 to more than $14.5
                    billion today and in the process established a
                    business that, we believe, is ideally positioned




For personal use only
                    for the energy transition.
For personal use only




                    Originality
                    in investment
                    Minh
                    Group Manager, Broadband

                    “What we do is less about products, and more about making energy
                    easier and smarter – being endlessly curious, making discoveries and
                    empowering each other to make a meaningful difference.”
                    Key investments have shaped Origin’s business
                    and strategic positioning.

                    Australia Pacific LNG was established
                    alongside ConocoPhillips, and was later
                    joined by Sinopec, with a combined $24.5
                    billion investment creating a leading east
                    coast gas producer, major LNG exporter
                    and domestic supplier.

                    The acquisition of Country Energy, Integral
                    Energy, Sun Retail, Powerco and CitiPower
                    helped create a market-leading retail business
                    with more than 4.5 million customer accounts.

                    In 2019, we purchased a 20 per cent stake
                    in global energy and technology pioneer,
                    Octopus Energy, and licensed its market-
                    leading Kraken platform propose-built for
                    energy retailing. This has accelerated our




For personal use only
                    ambition to deliver superior customer service
                    at lower cost and differentiate Origin.

                    Contributing to communities and creating
                    a lasting impact has always been important.
                    We established the Origin Energy Foundation
                    in 2010 to support powerful education
                    programs aimed at breaking the cycle of
                    disadvantage and helping young Australians
                    reach their potential.
For personal use only




                    Originality
                    in innovation
                    Daniel
                    Product Development Manager

                    “We take pride in thinking differently about how to
                    turn emerging products into ones that will be in every
                    customer’s home.”
                    The world of energy is changing rapidly.

                    We’re accelerating renewables and storage
                    in our portfolio and have signalled our exit
                    from coal-fired generation. We’ve cultivated
                    a culture of innovation, combining Origin’s
                    strengths and capabilities with great ideas from
                    start-ups around the globe. This has helped
                    shape the products and solutions we need to
                    be successful in this increasingly distributed,
                    decarbonised and digitised energy landscape.

                    We’ve deepened our focus on technology and
                    analytics, building Origin Loop, a virtual power
                    plant using smart data and AI to aggregate
                    and orchestrate thousands of distributed
                    energy sources in homes and businesses to
                    help balance supply and demand, and share
                    benefits with customers. Origin Loop has
                    scaled rapidly to 815 MW of capacity which




For personal use only
                    exceeds the single largest generating unit
                    in the national electricity market. We also
                    continue to explore the potential of future
                    fuels including green hydrogen and ammonia,
                    which could play an important role in the
                    future energy mix.

                    Origin’s ongoing success will depend on our
                    ability to evolve to meet the fast-changing
                    preferences of our customers for cleaner and
                    smarter energy solutions.
For personal use only
                    Contents
                                                                                   1




                               Contents

                               A message from Scott and Frank                 2

                               About Origin                                   4




For personal use only
                               Where We Operate                               5

                               Board of Directors                             6

                               Executive Leadership Team                      8

                               Operating and Financial Review                 11

                               Directors’ Report                             54

                               Remuneration Report                           58

                               Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration       82

                               Financial Statements                          83

                               Share and Shareholder Information             148

                               Exploration and Production Permits and Data   151

                               Annual Reserves Report                        153

                               Five-year Financial History                   157

                               Glossary and Interpretation                   159
                        2                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                    A message from
                    Scott and Frank



                                                                                                             Welcome to the 2023 Annual Report
                                                                                                             In what has been a significant year for Origin, on behalf of the
                                                                                                             Board, we would like to thank you for your continued support of
                                                                                                             our company.




For personal use only
                                                                                                             In November last year, Origin announced it had received an
                                                                                                             indicative, conditional and non-binding proposal from a consortium
                                                                                                             comprising Brookfield Asset Management and MidOcean Energy,
                                                                                                             to acquire all the issued shares in Origin by way of a scheme
                                                                                                             of arrangement.
                                                                                                             That offer was at a premium of almost 55 per cent to Origin’s share
                                                                                                             price on the prior trading day. The proposal confirmed that Origin
                                                                                                             represents a highly strategic platform and one ideally positioned to
                                                                                                             benefit from the energy transition.
                                                                                                             In March this year, Origin announced it had entered into a
                                                                                                             binding Scheme Implementation Deed with the Consortium, which
                                                                                                             implies a total consideration of $8.912 per share prior to dividend
                                                                                                             adjustments, based on an assumed AUD/USD exchange rate
                                                                                                             of 0.70.1
                                                                                                             The proposed acquisition of Origin by the Consortium continues to
                                                                                                             progress through the necessary regulatory steps.
                                                                                                             The scheme and the Board’s recommendation is subject to an
                                                                                                             independent expert concluding the scheme is in the best interests of
                                                                                                             shareholders. The independent expert process is underway.

                    “We remain confident that our                                                            While the timing of the shareholder vote is uncertain as it relates to
                                                                                                             the timing of regulatory approvals, Origin and the Consortium are
                    customer base, portfolio of assets                                                       moving expeditiously towards the target to implement the scheme
                                                                                                             by early in the 2024 calendar year.
                    and management team position
                                                                                                             Financial performance
                    Origin advantageously as the energy
                                                                                                             Origin’s FY2023 financial performance reflected the strength of our
                    transition progresses.”                                                                  business and the continued strategy. We recorded higher earnings
                                                                                                             from Energy Markets, Integrated Gas and from our 20 per cent
                                                                                                             interest in the UK-based Octopus Energy.
                                                                                                             On a statutory basis, Origin announced a profit of $1,055 million,
                                                                                                             compared to a loss of $1,429 million in the prior year.
                                                                                                             Underlying profit increased to $747 million, $340 million higher than
                                                                                                             the previous year due to improved earnings across all our operations.
                                                                                                             These earnings were partly offset by higher income tax expense
                                                                                                             associated with unfranked distributions from Australia Pacific LNG.
                                                                                                             Origin benefited from record revenues and cash dividends from
                                                                                                             Australia Pacific LNG of $1,783 million, as a result of higher
                                                                                                             commodity prices. Net of oil hedging, Origin received cash
                                                                                                             distributions of $1,489 million. This distribution contributed to a
                                                                                                             strong adjusted free cash flow position of $965 million.
                                                                                                             The Board has determined a fully franked final dividend of 20 cents
                                                                                                             per share. For the FY2023 year, shareholders will have received total
                                                                                                             dividends of 36.5 cents per share.




                    1
                        To comprise $5.78 per share and US$2.19 per share, to be reduced by any dividends paid by Origin, including the FY2023 Interim and Final Dividends and any subsequent
                        dividends prior to the implementation of the Scheme. Refer to Origin’s ASX statement on 27 March 2023 for further details regarding the price per Origin share offered by
                        the Consortium, www.originenergy.com.au.
                    A message from Scott and Frank
                                                                                                                                                                3




                    Operational performance                                                   Australia Pacific LNG production is expected to be 680 – 710
                                                                                              PJ (APLNG 100 per cent), with higher capital and operating
                    Underlying EBITDA for Energy Markets was $1,038 million, up               expenditure expected, primarily due to higher power costs,
                    $637 million on the prior year. Electricity profit rose as higher         increased well workover and optimisation programs.




For personal use only
                    wholesale energy costs in previous periods were recovered in
                    electricity tariffs, and through optimisation of the energy supply        Our strategy, people and Board
                    portfolio. Natural gas profit also rose, on higher sales revenue and
                                                                                              Over the past year, execution of Origin’s strategy has accelerated
                    trading benefits.
                                                                                              leading to increasing confidence as to our future prospects as
                    Total customer accounts increased by 66,000 to 4.5 million                the energy transition gathers momentum. We are rapidly building
                    primarily driven by growth in electricity, natural gas and broadband.     our pipeline of renewable and storage projects. We approved the
                    The migration of customers to Kraken completed in May and                 first phase of a large-scale Eraring battery, acquired the Warrane
                    stabilisation activities continue. Origin is expecting to deliver cost    prospective wind development site in the New England renewable
                    savings of $200 - $250 million from an FY2018 baseline, by 2025.          energy zone and progressed several renewable and brownfield
                    Origin Zero doubled its share of business customers on solutions          battery development options across the portfolio.
                    broader than electricity or natural gas, providing rooftop solar,         We released our first Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP)
                    batteries, electric vehicles and demand management. The team              outlining the company’s strategy and ambition to lead the energy
                    secured several key account wins, including a leading grocery             transition through cleaner energy and customer solutions. The
                    retailer, a water utility and a data centre operator. Origin Loop, the    CTAP includes new targets to accelerate emissions reduction across
                    company’s virtual power plant, more than tripled connected assets         Origin and create value for shareholders, towards a long-term
                    to 815 MW and is well on its way to achieve our target of 2 GW.           ambition to be net zero emissions by 2050. Our CTAP received
                    Origin’s share of Octopus Energy (UK) Underlying EBITDA was               overwhelming shareholder support of ~95 per cent at our 2022
                    $240 million, up from a loss of $36 million in the prior year. Octopus’   Annual General Meeting.
                    step change in earnings in FY2023 reflects an increase in customer        This year’s achievements are in no small part due to the dedication
                    accounts and the lag in the reset of tariffs. The acquisition of Bulb     and commitment of the people who embody the culture and values
                    Energy added ~2.5 million customer accounts, making Octopus               of Origin every day. This past year, our safety performance improved
                    Energy the UK’s second-largest energy retailer, with continued            with our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) lowering to
                    growth in the licensing of Kraken to other retailers resulting in         3.8, compared to 4.0 at June 2022. Our employee engagement
                    32 million accounts contracted to be on the platform worldwide.           score was 7.7, placing us above the industry average, and the
                    Integrated Gas Underlying EBITDA was $1,919 million, $82 million          number of females in senior leader positions increased to 46 per
                    higher than the prior year, mainly due to higher commodity prices.        cent, from 40.8 per cent in FY2022.
                    Persistent wet weather restricted access to well sites in the first       We would like to acknowledge the service of Bruce Morgan, who
                    half, contributing to a 3 per cent decline in production for the          retired from the Origin Board in October, after 10 years of dedicated
                    year. Improved conditions in the second half allowed more well            service. Bruce has made a lasting contribution to Origin over his time
                    workover and optimisation activities to occur, enabling a rebound in      as a director.
                    production in the second half.
                                                                                              We are pleased with Origin’s strong operational and financial
                    Outlook                                                                   performance this year. We remain confident that our customer
                                                                                              base, portfolio of assets and management team position Origin
                    The following guidance is provided on the basis that                      advantageously as the energy transition progresses. This will allow
                    market conditions and the regulatory environment do not                   us to capture value for shareholders and deliver benefits to our
                    materially change.                                                        customers and communities.
                    Origin expects higher Energy Markets Underlying EBITDA in                 Thank you, and we look forward to welcoming you to the Annual
                    FY2024 of $1,300 - $1,700 million, excluding Octopus Energy.              General Meeting.
                    Electricity gross profit is expected to improve, reflecting higher
                    tariffs and an increased contribution from Eraring and the peaking
                    fleet, while natural gas gross profit is expected to moderate due to
                    higher procurement costs as supply contracts reprice.
                    Octopus is in a rapid growth phase and continues to invest
                    in international growth, technology platform developments and
                    services offerings. Origin's share of Octopus Energy EBITDA is
                    expected to be lower with a wide range of possible outcomes
                                                                                              Scott Perkins                 Frank Calabria
                    reflecting stronger retail competition.
                                                                                              Chairman                      Chief Executive Officer
                        4                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




                    About Origin


                    Leading integrated                                           4.5 million                                > 5,500
                    energy company                                               customer accounts                          employees


                    Listed on the Australian Securities                          Electricity, gas, LPG1 and                 Inclusivity in the workplace;
                    Exchange in 2000                                             broadband customers across                 leading parental support
                                                                                 Australia and the Pacific




For personal use only
                    Powering                                                     27.5% interest in Australia                Transitioning our business to
                    Australia                                                    Pacific LNG                                net zero


                    7,800 MW generation portfolio,                               Continue to be a significant               Growing our portfolio of
                    including 1,515 MW owned                                     contributor to the east coast              renewables and cleaner
                    and contracted renewables                                    gas market                                 energy solutions
                    and storage




                    Climate ambitions embedded                                   Driving future                             Supporting
                    in our strategy                                              energy innovation                          Australian communities


                    Emissions intensity target                                   20% interest in Octopus Energy,            The Origin Energy Foundation has
                    consistent with 1.5°C                                        investing in new technologies,             contributed more than $37 million
                    pathway envelope2                                            start-ups and future fuels                 since inception




                    1
                        On 8 November 2022, Origin entered into an agreement to sell Origin's LPG business in the Pacific
                    2
                        Pursuant to the methodology set out in our Climate Transition Action Plan
                    Where We Operate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     5




                    Where We Operate

                                                       Browse
                                                       Browse
                                                       Basin
                                                       Basin
                                                                Browse
                                                                Basin
                                                                     Browse
                                                                     Basin


                                                               Canning
                                                               Canning
                                                               Basin1
                                                               Basin1
                                                                       Canning
                                                                       Basin1
                                                                             Canning                                                  687k
                                                                                                                                      687k                                                Gladstone
                                                                                                                                                                                          Gladstone
                                                                             Basin1                                                                                                       LNG Export
                                                                                                                                      176k 687k
                                                                                                                                      176k
                                                                                                                                                                                          LNG Export
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Gladstone
                                                                                                                                                Bowen/                                            LNG Export
                                                                                                                                           176k Bowen/
                                                                                                                                              687k
                                                                                                   264k
                                                                                                   264k
                                                                                                             Cooper
                                                                                                             Cooper
                                                                                                                                                Surat
                                                                                                                                                     Surat
                                                                                                                                                     basins Bowen/                      Brisbane        Gladstone
                                                                                                             Eromanga                                                                   Brisbane        LNG Export
                                                                                                   204k      Eromanga
                                                                                                             Basin Cooper                          176k
                                                                                                                                                    basins
                                                                                                   204k 264k Basin                                          Surat
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Brisbane
                                                                                                                                                            basins




For personal use only
                                                                                                                    Eromanga                                     Bowen/
                                                                                                        204k
                                                                                                          264k      BasinCooper                                    Surat
                                                                                                                                               1,157k                                                  Brisbane
                                                                                                                                      Eromanga1,157k               basins
                                                                                                                 204k                 Basin   386k
                                                                                                                                               386k 1,157k
                                                   15k
                                                   15k                                                                                              386k1,157k
                                                           15k                                                                                               386k                   Sydney
                                                                                                                                                                                    Sydney

                                                                 15k                                         Adelaide
                                                                                                                                                                                              Sydney
                                                                                                             Adelaide
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Sydney
                                                                                                                      Adelaide                         Melbourne
                                                                                                                                                       Melbourne

                                                                                                                           Adelaide                             Melbourne 634k
                                                                                                                                                                            634k
                                                                                                                                                                          501k
                                                                                                                                                                          501k
                                                                                                                                                                     Melbourne 634k
                                                                                                                                                                                      501k
                                                                                                                                                                                         634k
                          South East
                          South East Queensland
                                     Queensland
                                                                                                                                                                     Hobart
                                                                                                                                                                                         501k
                              South East Queensland                                                                                                                  Hobart
                                                                Gladstone
                                                                Gladstone                                                                                                     Hobart
                                        South East Queensland
                                                                         Gladstone                                                                                                   Hobart
                                           Bowen/
                                           Bowen/                             Gladstone
                                           Surat
                                           Surat Bowen/
                                           basins
                                           basinsSurat
                                                    Bowen/
                                                 basins
                                                    Surat
                                                    basins                                              Exploration &
                                                                                                        Exploration & production
                                                                                                                      production acreage
                                                                                                                                 acreage   Generation
                                                                                                                                           Generation
                                                                                                           Origin/JV  upstream
                                                                                                              Exploration
                                                                                                           Origin/JV           acreage
                                                                                                                          & production
                                                                                                                      upstream                Gas
                                                                                                                               acreageacreage Gas
                                                                                                                                                Generation
                                                                                  Brisbane
                                                                                  Brisbane                   APLNG
                                                                                                             APLNG  upstreamupstream
                                                                                                                  Origin/JV
                                                                                                                    upstream    acreage acreage Pumped
                                                                                                                                acreage           Pumped Gashydro
                                                                                                                                                            hydro
                                                                                                                  Exploration   & production acreage      Generation
                                                                                        Brisbane             Production facility                  Solar (contracted)
                                                                                                                  APLNG
                                                                                                             Production    upstream   acreage            Pumped
                                                                                                                                                             Gas hydro
                                                                                                                        facility upstream acreageSolar (contracted)
                                                                                                                      Origin/JV
                                                                                              Brisbane       APLNG  pipeline
                                                                                                                  Production                      Wind   (contracted)
                                                                                                             APLNG    APLNG facility
                                                                                                                    pipeline    upstream acreage Wind Solar    (contracted)
                                                                                                                                                         (contracted)
                                                                                                                                                             Pumped   hydro
                                                                                                                  APLNG    pipelinefacility       Coal Wind (contracted)
                                                                                                                                                  Coal
                                                                                                                      Production                             Solar (contracted)
                                                                                                                                                  Storage
                                                                                                                                                  Storage  (under construction)
                                                                                                                                                         Coal
                                                                                                                                                           (under  construction)
                                                                                                                      APLNG pipeline                         Wind (contracted)
                                                                                                                                                                        Storage
                                                                                                                                                                           Coal(under construction)
                                                                                                                                                                   LPG seaboard
                                                                                                                                                                   LPG seaboard terminal
                                                                                                                                                                                terminal
                                                                                                                                                                           Storage (under construction)
                                                                                                                                                                          LPG seaboard terminal
                          Pacific countries
                          Pacific countries LPG
                                            LPG                 2
                                                                2                                                                                                  Electricity customer accounts
                                                                                                                                                                   ElectricityLPG
                                                                                                                                                                               customer  accounts
                                                                                                                                                                                   seaboard terminal
                                                                                                                                                                   Natural  gas customer   accounts
                               Pacific countries
                                            RabaulLPG
                                                                         2
                                                                                                                                                                          Electricity
                                                                                                                                                                   Natural gas        customer
                                                                                                                                                                                customer       accounts
                                                                                                                                                                                           accounts
                                                         Rabaul
                                        Pacific                                                                                                                             Natural gas customer accounts
                                             Laecountries LPG                 2
                                                                                                                                                                               Electricity customer accounts
                                                 Lae   Rabaul
                                                                                                                                                                                    Natural gas customer accounts
                                         Moresby Lae
                                    Port Moresby                       Rabaul
                                    Port
                                                                          Honiara
                                                                          Honiara
                                                        Lae
                                             Port Moresby
                                                                                     Honiara                                                Apia
                                                                                                                                            Apia
                                                  Port Moresby                                                                Labasa
                                                                                           Santo                              Labasa  PagoApia     Rarotonga
                                                                                                                                            Pago Rarotonga
                                                                                          Honiara
                                                                                           Santo                                      Pago  Pago
                                                                                                                  Lautoka         Labasa
                                                                                                   Santo
                                                                                            Port Vila
                                                                                            Port Vila             Lautoka                        Pago Rarotonga
                                                                                                                                              Apia
                                                                                                                                            Pago
                                                                                                                                Suva Labasa
                                                                                                                                Suva
                                                                                                                          Lautoka
                                                                                                      Santo
                                                                                                  Port Vila                                    Pago Pago Rarotonga
                                                                                                                             Lautoka Suva
                                                                                                          Port Vila
                                                                                                                                                 Suva


                          1
                             An agreement has been executed with Buru Energy Limited to exit Origin’s interest in Canning Basin, and with Bridgeport Energy (Qld) Pty Ltd to exit
                          Origin’s joint venture interests in the Cooper Eromanga Basin.
                          2
                            On 8 November 2022, Origin entered into an agreement to sell Origin’s LPG business in the Pacific.
                        6                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                    Board of
                    Directors




For personal use only
                    Scott Perkins                  Ilana Atlas                      Maxine Brenner                  Frank Calabria                 Greg Lalicker

                    Independent                    Independent                      Independent                     Managing Director &            Independent
                    Non-executive Chair            Non-executive Director           Non-executive Director          Chief Executive Officer        Non-executive Director
                    Tenure 7 years 11 months    Tenure 2 years 6 months             Tenure 9 years 9 months         Tenure 6 years 10 months       Tenure 4 years 5 months
                    including 2 years 10 months
                                                Ilana Atlas joined the              Maxine Brenner joined           Frank Calabria was             Greg Lalicker joined the
                    as Chair                    Board in February 2021.             the Board in November           appointed Managing             Board in March 2019. He is
                    Scott Perkins joined the       She is a member                  2013. She is Chair of the       Director and Chief             a member of the Safety and
                    Board in September 2015        of the Remuneration,             Safety and Sustainability       Executive Officer in           Sustainability Committee.
                    and was appointed Chair        People and Culture and           Committee and a member          October 2016. Frank is a
                                                                                                                                                   Greg is the Chief
                    in October 2020. He is         Risk committees.                 of the Audit, Nomination        member of the Safety and
                                                                                                                                                   Executive Officer of Hilcorp
                    Chair of the Nomination                                         and Risk committees.            Sustainability Committee
                                                   Ilana is a Non-executive                                                                        Energy Company, based
                    Committee and a member                                                                          and a Director of the Origin
                                                   Director of ANZ Group            Maxine was previously                                          in Houston, USA. Hilcorp
                    of the Audit, Remuneration,                                                                     Energy Foundation.
                                                   Holdings Limited (since          a Managing Director of                                         is the largest privately
                    People and Culture, Safety     2023) (previously Australian     Investment Banking at           Frank first joined Origin as   held independent oil
                    and Sustainability and         & New Zealand Banking            Investec Bank (Australia)       Chief Financial Officer in     and gas exploration and
                    Risk committees.               Group Limited, since             Ltd. Prior to Investec,         November 2001 and was          production company in the
                    Scott has extensive            September 2014) and              Maxine was a Lecturer           appointed Chief Executive      United States.
                    Australian and international Scentre Group Limited              in Law at the University        Officer, Energy Markets in
                                                                                                                                                   Greg joined Hilcorp’s
                    experience as a leading        (since May 2021). She is         of NSW and a lawyer             March 2009. In that latter
                                                                                                                                                   leadership team in 2006
                    corporate adviser. He was      the Chair of Jawun, on the       at Freehills, specialising in   role, Frank was responsible
                                                                                                                                                   as Executive Vice President
                    formerly Head of Corporate Board of the Paul Ramsay             corporate law.                  for the integrated business
                                                                                                                                                   where he was responsible
                    Finance for Deutsche Bank Foundation and a member               Maxine is a Non-executive
                                                                                                                    within Australia including
                                                                                                                                                   for all exploration and
                    Australia and New Zealand      of the Council of the                                            retailing and trading of
                                                                                    Director of Telstra Group                                      production activities. He
                    and a member of the            National Gallery of Australia.                                   natural gas, electricity and
                                                                                    Limited (since February                                        was appointed President in
                    Executive Committee with                                                                        LPG, power generation and
                                                   Ilana was previously Chair       2023), Non-executive                                           2011 and Chief Executive
                    overall responsibility for the of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited                                      solar and energy services.
                                                                                    Director of Qantas Airways                                     Officer in 2018. Prior to
                    Bank’s activities in this      (2017 – 2021). Her               Ltd (since August 2013) and Frank is a Director of             working for Hilcorp, Greg
                    region. Prior to that he       last executive role was          Non-executive Director and  the Australian Energy              was with BHP Petroleum
                    was Chief Executive Officer Group Executive, People,            Chair of the Risk Committee Council (since 2016) and           based in Midland, Houston,
                    of Deutsche Bank New           at Westpac, where she            of Woolworths Group         the Australian Petroleum           London and Melbourne
                    Zealand and Deputy CEO of was responsible for human             Limited (since December     Production & Exploration           as well as McKinsey &
                    Bankers Trust New Zealand. resources, corporate affairs         2020). She is also a        Association (since 2017).          Company where he worked
                    Scott has been a Non-          and sustainability. Prior to     member of the University of He is a former Chair               in its Houston, Abu Dhabi
                    executive Director of          that role, she was Group         NSW Council.                of the Australian Energy           and London offices.
                    Woolworths Group Limited Secretary and General                  Maxine’s former
                                                                                                                Council and former Director
                                                                                                                                            Greg graduated as a
                    since September 2014 and Counsel. Before her 10-                directorships include Orica
                                                                                                                of the Australian Energy
                                                                                                                                            petroleum engineer from
                    was appointed Chair in         year career at Westpac,                                      Market Operator.
                                                                                    Limited (2013 – 2022),                                  the University of Tulsa.
                    October 2022. He is also       Ilana was a partner in
                                                                                    Growthpoint Properties      Frank has a Bachelor of     He also has a Master of
                    a Non-executive Director       law firm Mallesons Stephen
                                                                                    Australia (2012 – 2020),    Economics from Macquarie Business Administration and
                    of Brambles Limited (since     Jaques (now known as
                                                                                    Treasury Corporation of     University and a Master     a law degree.
                    May 2015). He is Chair         King & Wood Mallesons).
                                                                                    NSW, Bulmer Australia       of Business Administration
                    of Sweet Louise (since         In addition to her practice
                                                                                    Ltd, Neverfail Springwater  (Executive) from the
                    2005) and the New              in corporate law, she held
                                                                                    Ltd and Federal Airports    Australian Graduate School
                    Zealand Initiative (since      a number of management
                                                                                    Corporation, where she was of Management. Frank is
                    2012). Scott was previously roles in the firm including         Deputy Chair. In addition,  a Fellow of the Chartered
                    a Director of the Museum       Executive Partner, People
                                                                                    Maxine has served as a      Accountants Australia and
                    of Contemporary Art in         and Information, and
                                                                                    Council Member of the       New Zealand and a Fellow
                    Sydney (2011 – 2020).          Managing Partner.
                                                                                    State Library of NSW and    of the Financial Services
                    Scott has a longstanding       Ilana holds a Bachelor of        as a member of the          Institute of Australasia.
                    commitment to breast           Jurisprudence (Honours)          Takeovers Panel.
                    cancer causes, the             and Bachelor of Laws
                                                                                    Maxine holds a Bachelor of
                    visual arts and public         (Honours) from the
                                                                                    Arts and a Bachelor of Laws.
                    policy development.            University of Western
                                                   Australia and Masters of
                    Scott holds a Bachelor of      Laws from the University
                    Commerce and a Bachelor        of Sydney.
                    of Laws (Hons) from
                    Auckland University.
                    Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                 7




For personal use only
                    Mick McCormack                 Steven Sargent                 Nora Scheinkestel Joan Withers

                    Independent                    Independent                    Independent                    Independent
                    Non-executive Director         Non-executive Director         Non-executive Director         Non-executive Director
                    Tenure 2 years 8 months        Tenure 8 years 3 months        Tenure 1 year 5 months         Tenure 2 years 10 months
                    Mick McCormack joined the     Steven Sargent joined the       Nora Scheinkestel joined       Joan Withers joined the
                    Board in December 2020.       Board in May 2015. He is        the Board in March 2022.       Board in October 2020.
                    He is a member of the Audit,  Chair of the Origin Energy      She is Chair of the Audit      She is Chair of the
                    Remuneration, People and      Foundation, Chair of the        Committee and a member         Risk Committee and a
                    Culture and Safety and        Remuneration, People and        of the Nomination and          member of the Audit and
                    Sustainability committees.    Culture Committee and a         Risk committees.               Nomination committees.
                                                  member of the Nomination,
                    Mick is Chair of Central                                      Nora is an experienced         Joan has spent over
                                                  Risk, and Safety and
                    Petroleum Limited (since                                      company director with          25 years working in the
                                                  Sustainability committees.
                    November 2020) and                                            almost 30 years experience     media industry holding CEO
                                                  Steven’s executive career
                    Non-executive Director                                        as a non-executive chair       positions at both Fairfax
                                                  included 22 years at General
                    of Austal Limited (since                                      and director of companies      NZ Ltd and The Radio
                                                  Electric, where he gained
                    September 2020). He is                                        in a wide range of             Network and she also
                                                  extensive multi-industry,
                    also Chair of the Australian                                  industries including public,   has significant corporate
                                                  international experience
                    Brandenburg Orchestra                                         government and private         governance experience.
                                                  leading businesses in
                    Foundation and a Director of                                  sectors. She has a long
                                                  industries including energy,                                   She is currently Chair of The
                    the Clontarf Foundation.                                      track record in highly
                                                  healthcare and financial                                       Warehouse Group Ltd (since
                                                                                  regulated sectors such as
                    Mick was previously           services across the USA,                                       2016), Director of ANZ Bank
                                                                                  infrastructure and financial
                    Managing Director and CEO Europe and Asia Pacific.                                           NZ Ltd (since July 2013) and
                                                                                  services and has served
                    of APA Group (2004-2019)                                                                     Sky Network TV Ltd (since
                                                  Steven has been a               as chair and director of
                    and has more than 37 years                                                                   2019). She has previously
                                                  Non-executive Director          numerous regulated utilities
                    of experience in the energy                                                                  held Chair positions
                                                  of infection prevention         in the electricity, gas and
                    and infrastructure sectors,                                                                  at Auckland International
                                                  company Nanosonics              water sectors.
                    including gas-fired and                                                                      Airport (1997 – 2013),
                                                  Limited since July 2016
                    renewable energy power                                        Nora is currently a Non-       Mercury NZ Ltd (2009 –
                                                  and was appointed Chair
                    generation, gas processing,                                   executive Director of          2019) and TVNZ (2015 –
                                                  in 2022. He is also
                    LNG and underground                                           Brambles Limited (since        2017). She has also held
                                                  a Non-executive Director
                    storage. Prior to joining APA                                 2020) and Westpac              directorships on the boards
                                                  of Ramsay Healthcare
                    in 2000, Mick held various                                    Banking Corporation            of some of New Zealand’s
                                                  Limited (since December
                    senior management roles                                       (since 2021). Previous         largest companies including
                                                  2021). Steven’s unlisted
                    with AGL Energy.                                              directorships of publicly      Meridian Energy Ltd and
                                                  board activities include
                                                                                  listed companies include       Tourism Holdings Ltd. Prior
                    Mick holds a Masters          Non-executive Director
                                                                                  Telstra Corporation Limited    to her appointment as CEO
                    of Business Administration    of The Great Barrier
                                                                                  (2010 – 2022), the             of Fairfax NZ Ltd, Joan
                    from the University of        Reef Foundation.
                                                                                  Atlas Arteria group (2014      was a Director on the
                    Queensland, a Graduate
                                                  Steven was previously           – 2020), which she             Australian board of John
                    Diploma of Engineering
                                                  Chair of OFX Group              chaired, Ausnet Services       Fairfax Holdings Ltd.
                    from Monash University,
                                                  Limited (2016-2022), and        Ltd (2016 – 2022), Orica
                    and a Bachelor of Applied                                                                    Joan holds a Masters
                                                  Non-executive Director of       Limited, Newcrest Limited,
                    Science from the University                                                                  Degree in Business
                                                  Veda Group Limited.             Pacific Brands Limited and
                    of Queensland.                                                                               Administration from The
                                                                                  Stockland Group.
                                                  Steven holds a Bachelor of                                     University of Auckland.
                                                  Business from Charles Sturt     Nora holds a Bachelor
                                                  University and is a Fellow      of Laws (Honours) First
                                                  with the Australian Institute   Class and a Doctor
                                                  of Company Directors.           of Philosophy from the
                                                                                  University of Melbourne.
                        8                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                    Executive
                    Leadership Team




For personal use only
                    Jon Briskin                  Greg Jarvis                    Kate Jordan                  Tony Lucas                     James Magill

                    Executive General            Executive General              General Counsel and          Executive General              Executive General
                    Manager, Retail              Manager, Energy Supply         Executive General            Manager, Future Energy         Manager, Origin Zero
                    Jon Briskin joined Origin in and Operations                 Manager, Company             and Technology                 James Magill joined Origin
                    2010 and was appointed       Greg Jarvis joined Origin in   Secretariat, Risk             Tony Lucas joined Origin      in March 2022 and leads
                    Executive General Manager, 2002 as Electricity Trading      and Governance                as Risk Analysis Manager in   the newly formed business
                    Retail in December 2016.     Manager and was appointed      Kate Jordan joined Origin     2002 and was appointed        unit, Origin Zero. Origin Zero
                                                 Executive General Manager,     in March 2020 as              as General Manager,           provides large businesses
                    Jon leads the
                                                 Energy Supply & Operations     General Counsel and           Energy Risk Management in     with a range of energy and
                    teams responsible for
                                                 in December 2016.              Executive General Manager, February 2011.                   decarbonisation services as
                    energy sales, marketing,
                                                                                Company Secretariat, Risk                                   well as a suite of e-mobility
                    product development and      Greg is responsible                                          Tony leads the team
                                                                                and Governance.                                             solutions for work, home
                    service experience for       for Wholesale, Trading,                                      responsible for Future
                                                                                                                                            and on the road.
                    Origin’s residential and     Generation, HSE and LPG.       Kate leads the legal,         Energy, Strategy and
                    SME customers.               Greg has over 20 years’        company secretariat, risk,    Technology, ensuring that     Prior to joining Origin,
                                                 experience in the financial    internal audit and energy     Origin is well positioned     James held leadership
                    Jon has held various
                                                 and energy markets.            markets compliance teams. to lead the transition into       roles at Centrica, AGL
                    roles at Origin, leading
                                                                                                              a low-carbon, technology-     and Genesis Energy in
                    customer operations,                                        Prior to joining Origin,
                                                                                                              enabled world.                retail, technology, M&A
                    service transformation and                                  Kate was Deputy Chief
                                                                                                                                            and strategy.
                    customer experience and                                     Executive Partner at Clayton Tony began his career
                    prior to Origin worked as a                                 Utz, with responsibility for  in the banking industry
                    management consultant.                                      people and development.       before moving into the
                                                                                Kate has over 20 years’ legal energy sector.
                                                                                experience across a range of
                                                                                corporate transactions.
                    Executive Leadership Team
                                                                                                                                                 9




For personal use only
                    Sharon Ridgway                  Samantha Stevens Andrew Thornton                             Lawrie Tremaine

                    Executive General               Executive                      Executive General       Chief Financial Officer
                    Manager, People                 General Manager,               Manager, Integrated Gas
                    and Culture                     Corporate Affairs              Andrew joined Origin in       Lawrie Tremaine joined
                    Sharon Ridgway joined           Samantha Stevens joined        2012 and was appointed as     Origin in June 2017 and
                    Origin in 2009 and              Origin in March 2018 as        Executive General Manager     holds the position of Chief
                    has been responsible for        Executive General Manager,     – Integrated Gas in           Financial Officer.
                    People and Culture since        Corporate Affairs. Samantha    November 2021.
                                                                                                                 Lawrie leads the teams
                    December 2016.                  is responsible for Origin’s
                                                                                   Andrew is responsible         responsible for all
                                                    external affairs, government
                    Sharon’s team provide                                          for Australia Pacific         finance activities, corporate
                                                    and public policy and
                    strategic support to the                                       LNG’s upstream operations     strategy, corporate
                                                    employee communication
                    business in key areas such                                     and gas marketing, and        development, procurement
                                                    functions and the Origin
                    as engagement, diversity,                                      business development and      and investor relations.
                                                    Energy Foundation.
                    talent management and                                          investment activity in        Lawrie is one of two
                    culture change.                 Samantha has more than         renewable fuels and carbon.   Origin nominated Directors
                                                    25 years’ experience                                         of Australia Pacific LNG.
                    Prior to Origin, Sharon                                        Prior to joining Origin,
                                                    in corporate affairs,
                    developed a wide range                                         Andrew held private equity    Lawrie has over 30 years’
                                                    mainly in the resources,
                    of experience across                                           and investment banking        experience in financial
                                                    industrials and financial
                    operational and human                                          roles including as an         and commercial leadership,
                                                    services sectors.
                    resources roles whilst                                         Executive Director in         predominantly in the
                    working in Dixons, a large      Prior to joining Origin,       the Principal Investment      resource, oil and gas
                    European electrical retailer.   Samantha headed up             Area of Goldman Sachs,        and minerals processing
                                                    Corporate Affairs for the      JB Were and a                 industries having previously
                                                    global mining services         member of the Mergers,        worked at Woodside
                                                    company, Orica, and            Acquisitions, Restructuring   Petroleum and Alcoa.
                                                    previously led the global      and Divestitures group of
                                                    media function and all         Morgan Stanley.
                                                    Corporate Affairs M&A
                                                    activity at global mining
                                                    house, BHP, along with
                                                    senior external affairs
                                                    positions at two of
                                                    Australia’s largest banks.
                        10                                                            Annual Report 2023




For personal use only




                    Originality
                    Bill
                    Group Manager - Asset Investment & Emerging Technology

                    “The energy market is very complex, and the energy transition,
                    even more so. Origin understands the underlying fundamentals
                    and is moving, creating and shaping what is required to support
                    an orderly transition.”
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                     11




                    Operating and Financial Review
                    For the full year ended 30 June 2023
                    This report forms part of the Directors’ Report.




                    1 Market Context and Outlook
                    Market context
                    Over the past 18 months, there has been unprecedented disruption and volatility in global and domestic energy markets. The transition to a low
                    carbon future is bringing significant change and challenges to energy companies and consumers. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine exacerbated
                    this volatility by restricting global energy supplies and constraining supply chains resulting in a spike in global energy costs.
                    These global events combined with local factors including coal plant constraints due to outages and flooding which restricted coal supply to
                    power stations, contributed to severe wholesale price spikes into the early part of FY2023. The structure of the regulated mass market tariff
                    regime in Australia meant energy retailers were locked into customer tariffs set at prices substantially below wholesale procurement prices.
                    As regulated tariffs adjust annually to reflect market prices, retailers suffered a period of depressed margins and significant cash flow volatility,
                    with some smaller retailers going into administration. Regulators responded by intervening in coal and gas markets seeking to lower electricity




For personal use only
                    prices for consumers.
                    Origin’s Energy Markets' first half FY2023 earnings were adversely impacted by higher fuel costs and higher levels of energy price volatility.
                    In the second half of FY2023, Energy Markets earnings began to recover as wholesale prices declined from their peak as coal deliveries
                    recovered and coal costs declined following the government’s introduction of the coal price cap. During FY2023 mass market tariffs did not
                    fully recover the wholesale cost of energy. Origin expects tariffs to more closely reflect wholesale prices in the future.
                    At APLNG, higher global oil prices resulted in record revenue during the period.
                    Our assets performed well during this period and our focus was to continue to reliably meet the energy needs of our domestic and
                    offshore customers.
                    The Australian economy experienced significant inflation during FY2023. Households faced higher interest rates and higher prices, including
                    energy costs. Origin recognises the financial pressure some of our customers are experiencing and provided around $30 million in bill relief
                    and pricing support to our most vulnerable customers, including holding prices flat for customers who are on the Power On program. We are
                    targeting further support for customers in hardship in FY2024.
                    The energy transition is both a great challenge and opportunity for society. For Australia to successfully transition to a lower carbon energy
                    system, policy reform is required to both ensure the current emissions-intensive energy system performs reliably for as long as needed, and to
                    encourage new investment in the cleaner energy infrastructure needed to replace it. As many of the nation’s ageing coal fired power stations
                    approach the end of their economic and technical lives, significant investment in transmission infrastructure and firming generation is required
                    to support reliable power supply under all future scenarios. Investors will require both a stable policy environment and adequate financial
                    returns if they are to invest the significant capital to the build the required infrastructure.
                    The energy transition presents many opportunities for Origin, and the company is well placed to compete and grow in this environment. Over
                    the last year we have taken a final investment decision on a major battery as part of our plan to exit coal fired generation, and we have also
                    expanded and matured our renewable and battery investment opportunities. As more renewable energy enters the Australian energy system
                    to replace an ageing coal fired fleet, we see more opportunity for our gas peaking generation fleet to supply reliable power to support the
                    variability in renewable supply. Our early-stage investments in green hydrogen are progressing and being met with strong customer interest
                    and we believe hydrogen could play a role in the future energy mix, particularly as a substitute for gas in hard to abate sectors.

                    Consortium proposal update
                    In March 2023, Origin entered into a binding Scheme Implementation Deed with a consortium of investors to acquire all of the shares of the
                    company with a consideration mix comprising $5.78 per share and US$2.19 per share (Scheme). Based on an assumed AUD/USD exchange
                    rate of 0.70, this implies a total consideration of $8.912 per share. The total consideration payable will be reduced by any dividends paid
                    by Origin prior to implementation of the Scheme, including the interim 16.5 cents per share fully franked dividend paid to shareholders on
                    24 March 2023 and the 20 cents per share final dividend determined by the Board to be paid 29 September 2023. Any reduction in the
                    amount payable to shareholders due to the payment of dividends would reduce the Australian dollar component of the total consideration.
                    A 4.5 cents per share per month ticking fee, accruing on a daily basis, will be added to the total consideration payable per share to shareholders
                    if implementation of the Scheme is delayed beyond 30 November 2023.
                    The Scheme is conditional upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, including:
                    •   Origin shareholders approving the Scheme at a meeting of shareholders (Scheme Meeting);
                    •   court and regulatory approvals including the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB), the Australian Competition and Consumer
                        Commission (ACCC), the National Offshore Petroleum Titles Administrator and certain other foreign investment approvals;
                    •   the issue of an Independent Expert’s Report that concludes that the Scheme is in the best interests of Origin shareholders; and
                    •   customary other conditions, including that no material adverse change occurs prior to implementation.
                    At this stage, shareholders do not need to take any action and Origin will continue to keep shareholders updated in accordance with its
                    continuous disclosure obligations.
                        12                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                    2 Highlights
                    Our purpose underpins everything we do: Getting energy right for our customers, communities and planet

                    Getting energy right for our customers
                    Our customers are at the heart of everything we do. Our focus is on
                    delivering great customer experiences and striving to provide affordable, more                      Customers
                    sustainable and smarter energy solutions. In FY2023, we:
                    •    successfully completed the migration of all mass-market electricity and gas        Volume of GreenPower sales (GWh)
                         customers to our customer service platform, Kraken, licensed through our
                         partnership with Octopus Energy                                                         489                533
                    •    achieved a Customer Happiness Index - new customer interaction




For personal use only
                         satisfaction metric, measured as the proportion of satisfied customers over
                         the prior 12 months - score of 65 per cent;
                    •    experienced a decline in our strategic net promoter score reflecting a
                         general shift in attitudes towards the energy industry in response to cost of
                         living pressures and higher energy prices;
                    •    supported residential and small business customers in financial distress due
                         to flooding and increasing cost-of-living pressures;
                                                                                                                 FY22               FY23
                    •    developed new community partnerships to help affected customers and
                         communities transition out of crisis into recovery;
                    •    supported the domestic east coast gas market through our APLNG business;
                    •    launched several new e-mobility solutions, and had more than 400 electric


                                                                                                                    65%
                         vehicles under management at June 2023; and
                    •    grew our GreenPower electricity sales volumes by nine per cent to 533
                         GWh, driven by growth in large business customers.

                                                                                                           Customer Happiness Index




                    Getting energy right for our communities
                    We aim to work responsibly and respectfully with our local communities
                    and identify opportunities for Origin and our employees to make a                              Communities
                    positive difference.
                    We spent $421 million directly and indirectly with regional suppliers, or 20 per            Indigenous supplier spend,
                    cent of our total spend, up from $318 million in FY2022.                                  direct and indirect spend ($m)

                    Our new Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan (Stretch RAP) includes a
                    commitment to increase the participation of Aboriginal and Torres Strait                                         24
                    Islander businesses in Origin’s supply chain. In FY2023, our spend with
                    Indigenous suppliers was up $7 million to $24 million.                                       17
                    Through grants, 7,000 hours of employee volunteering, and our workplace
                    giving program, the Origin Energy Foundation contributed over $2.1 million
                    to the community in FY2023. The Foundation's volunteering program was
                    awarded gold in the Best Pro Bono/Workplace Volunteering category of the
                    2022 Australian Workplace Giving Awards.
                    During FY2023 the first round of applications commenced for the $5 million                   FY22               FY23
                    Eraring community fund we established in 2022.




                                                                                                              >$2.1M
                                                                                                          Contributed to the community
                                                                                                         by the Origin Energy Foundation
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                             13




                                                                                              Getting energy right for the planet
                                                                                              This year we published our first Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) which
                                                    Planet                                    outlined our ambition to lead the energy transition through cleaner energy and
                                                                                              customer solutions. The CTAP detailed our updated targets across Scope 1,
                                     Greenhouse gas emissions                                 2 and 3 emissions to accelerate emissions reduction across our business and
                                      (equity basis, mt CO2-e)                                included our long-term ambition to achieve net zero Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
                                                                                              by 2050.
                                                                                              Our CTAP was put to a non-binding shareholder advisory vote at our Annual
                                      14.2                     14.8                           General Meeting in October 2022. We received strong shareholder support,
                                                                                              with 94.5 per cent of votes cast in favour of the CTAP.
                                                                                              During FY2023,
                                                                                              •   we achieved our short-term equity emissions target, with cumulative




For personal use only
                                                                                                  reduction of 9 mt CO2-e between FY2021 and FY2023, against our
                                       FY22                    FY23                               FY2017 baseline;
                                                                                              •   total Scope 1 and 2 equity emissions increased by four per cent in FY2023,
                                   Scope 1               Scope 2
                                                                                                  as improved coal supply enabled increased generation output from Eraring
                                                                                                  to support the needs of the market;
                                                                                              •   a final investment decision was taken on the 460 MW first stage of a battery
                                                                                                  at Eraring;



                                              9 mt
                                                                                              •   we acquired a property in the New England REZ for potential wind
                                                                                                  development, and established a joint venture for Gippsland offshore
                                                                                                  wind opportunities;
                                                                                              •   a Front-End Engineering Design decision was made for the Hunter Valley
                                cumulative reduction                                              Hydrogen Hub, and we participated in a hydrogen-powered bus trial on the
                            Scope 1 CO2-e equity emissions                                        NSW Central Coast; and
                             between FY2021 and FY2023                                        •   our virtual power plant (VPP) grew to 815 MW across more than 276,000
                                                                                                  connected services, up from 258 MW at the end of FY2022.



                                                                                              Our people
                                                                                              Our people are one of our greatest strengths, and having a diverse and inclusive
                                                   People                                     workplace is key to the success of our business. During FY2023, we:
                                                                                              •   improved safety performance with TRIFR declining from 4.0 in FY2022
                                       Total Recordable Injury                                    to 3.8;
                                       Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
                                                                                              •   experienced an increase in Tier 1 and Tier 2 process safety incidents to 7, up
                                                                                                  from 2 in FY2022;
                                       4.0                      3.8
                                                                                              •   maintained 40% female representation in the three of our four
                                                                                                  leadership cohorts;
                                                                                              •   ranked 73 globally for gender equality in the Equileap Gender Equality
                                                                                                  Global Report & Ranking;
                                                                                              •   achieved an employee engagement score of 7.7 (out of 10), which is above
                                                                                                  the sector average;
                                                                                              •   launched our latest Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan; and
                                                                                              •   expanded our inclusion strategy to include three new pillars - life
                                       FY22                    FY23
                                                                                                  stages, cultural diversity and accessibility - in addition to gender equity,
                                                                                                  reconciliation and our LGBTQ colleagues.
                                                                                              In 2021, Origin became a signatory to 40:40 Vision, an investor-led initiative
                                                                                              targeting gender balance in executive leadership by 2030. This year we


                                              46%                                             achieved 46% of women in senior leadership roles1.
                                                                                              We continue to focus on supporting the mental health and wellbeing of our
                                                                                              people and to develop a range of resources and programs through our online
                            Female Senior Leaders, up from                                    Mental Health and Wellbeing Hub.
                                  40.8% in FY2022




                    1
                        Three reporting levels below the CEO, including roles with base salaries exceeding approximately $200,000 per annum
                        14                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                    Financial performance




                             Statutory Profit ($m)                        Underlying Profit ($m)                            Underlying EBITDA

                                                  1,055                                                   747                                    3,107


                                                                                                                            2,114
                                                                             407




For personal use only
                             (1,429)
                              FY22                FY23                       FY22                        FY23               FY22                  FY23




                          Adjusted Free Cash Flow
                         (before major growth) ($m)                      Adjusted Net Debt ($m)                                Final Dividend
                                                                            2,838                        2,877

                             1,062
                                                   965                                                                       20cps
                                                                                                                          100% franked

                                                                                                                         36.5cps total FY2023 dividend
                              FY22                FY23                      Jun-22                       Jun-23     (66% of FY2023 Adjusted Free Cash Flow)

                                                                                     Lease liabilities


                    FY2023 Underlying Profit was higher at $747 million with higher earnings from Energy Markets, Octopus Energy and Integrated Gas. Earnings
                    from Integrated Gas increased despite the sale of 10 per cent of APLNG during the prior period.
                    Energy Markets’ Underlying EBITDA increased by $637 million to $1,038 million. This reflected the strong performance of our portfolio as
                    the extreme market conditions of FY2022 eased, and the higher wholesale cost of energy flowing into customer tariffs. Our retail business
                    performed strongly - we increased customer numbers, and recorded significant growth in our Community Energy Services business. All mass
                    market electricity and natural gas customers have been successfully migrated to the Kraken platform. We continue to focus on growing our
                    portfolio of renewables and our cleaner energy projects, commencing early works on the first stage of the Eraring battery and progressing
                    other renewable and storage projects, and growing our Origin Zero business.
                    APLNG continued to deliver strong cash flow in challenging operating conditions with the three year La Niña weather cycle restricting access
                    to well sites during H1 FY2023, affecting production. APLNG benefited from a rebound in production in 2H FY2023 following drier weather
                    and high global oil and LNG prices.
                    Origin's share of Octopus Energy EBITDA increased to $240 million, reflecting an increase in customer accounts and the lag in reset of
                    regulated tariffs in the UK retail business. The result includes a six month contribution from Bulb Energy earnings following the December
                    2022 acquisition, which added ~2.5 million customer accounts. See to Review of segment operations (see section 6) for further details.
                    Adjusted Free Cash Flow was down $97 million to $965 million, driven by record cash distributions from APLNG of $1,783 million and lower
                    cash flow from Energy Markets, with higher earnings more than offset by a higher working capital movement of $771 million reflecting a
                    moderating working capital position following the extreme wholesale price environment of late FY2022. Origin continues to invest in growth
                    initiatives, with $253 million spent on topping up our investment in Octopus Energy, implementation of the Kraken platform, and the Eraring
                    battery project.
                    The Board has determined to pay a 20.0 cent per share dividend, franked to 100% bringing total distributions for the year to 36.5 cents per
                    share, fully franked.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                              15




                    Energy Markets performance2



                                  Underlying EBITDA                                        Operating cash flow




                             $1,038M                                                          $47M                                                         6.7%
                                                                                                                                                       Underlying ROCE3
                                                                                                                                                          Up 7.0% vs FY2022




For personal use only
                                   Up $637M vs FY2022                                       Down $777M vs FY2022




                                       Cost to serve                                        Customer accounts                                                   Retail X




                                 $576M                                                      4,525k                                                        100%
                                     Up 89M vs FY2022                                         Up 66k vs June 2022                                Customer accounts migrated to
                                                                                                                                                      the Kraken platform


                    Energy Markets Underlying EBITDA up $637 million to $1,038 million on strong improvement in both the electricity and gas businesses'
                    underlying performance, reflecting the strength of our flexible electricity generation and gas supply portfolios in a less volatile environment.
                    This resulted in a ROCE3 of 6.7 per cent in the period, up from negative 0.3 per cent in the prior year
                    Electricity Gross Profit increased by $366 million to $574 million, driven by higher wholesale prices flowing into business and retail customer
                    tariffs, reflecting the recovery of higher costs associated with the current and prior periods. Fuel costs increased primarily due to higher coal
                    procurement costs with greater volumes purchased at higher market prices during the first half of FY2023. Across the year the coal price
                    impact was lessened by the introduction of the coal price cap implemented in December 2022.
                    Natural Gas Gross Profit increased by $379 million to $943 million, driven by repricing of business and retail customer tariffs reflecting higher
                    wholesale costs, partly offset by higher net JKM and oil supply costs and higher procurement costs. Portfolio strength is underpinned by fixed
                    price4 supply contracts and transport flexibility. The JKM supply position is largely hedged through to the end of FY2024, and there is one
                    gas supply counterparty that is subject to contract price review commencing July 2023.
                    Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve up $89 million, primarily driven by an increase in bad and doubtful debt expense due to higher bill
                    sizes, cost of living pressures and slower aged debt collection.
                    Under the current challenging market conditions with high inflation and cost of living pressure, we are committed to relieving the pricing
                    impacts on customers where possible. We provided around $30 million in bill relief and pricing support to our most vulnerable customers,
                    including holding prices flat for customers who are on the Power On program.
                    Customer accounts increased by 66,000 of which our Broadband business grew by 35,000 to 96,000 customer accounts and won the
                    2023 Canstar Blue Best-Rated Bundled Energy and Telecommunications Provider award. Origin Loop (our in house VPP) more than tripled
                    connected assets to 815 MW during the period.
                    Our Origin Zero business is gaining momentum with new products, services and commercial models aimed at accelerating the
                    decarbonisation journey for large business customers. There is now more than 200 MW of flexible large business demand enrolled in
                    our VPP, more than 400 EVs under management through a range of E-mobility solutions and the number of large customers engaging in
                    non-commodity products doubled to around 4 per cent during the year.
                    Our generation fleet delivered exceptional performance, with over 98 per cent start reliability across our peaking fleet, and a forced outage
                    at Eraring of less than 5 per cent.
                    We made a final investment decision on the first phase of the Eraring battery, and we also acquired the 60 MW Yanco Solar Farm development
                    in NSW and a 5 per cent equity interest in Newcastle based clean-tech company Allegro Energy, and entered an agreement to acquire around
                    7,500 hectare Warrane farm in the New England Renewable Energy Zone (REZ) as a prospective greenfield wind development opportunity.

                    2
                        Energy Markets segment now excludes Octopus Energy.
                    3
                        12-month average. Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) has been adjusted to exclude the impact of FY2022 $2.2 billion impairment of goodwill.
                    4
                        Subject to CPI adjustments.
                        16                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                    Integrated Gas performance



                                   Underlying EBITDA                                                Cash distributions
                                                                                                      from APLNG



                               $1,919M                                                         $1,783M                                20.2%
                                                                                                                                      Underlying ROCE
                                                                                                                                          Up from 15.2%




For personal use only
                                 Up $82m or 4% vs FY2022                                        Up $188m or 12% vs FY2022                  in FY2022
                                 Underlying EBIT up $110m




                                        APLNG                                               Average realised LNG price              Capex and opex5/GJ
                                   production (100%)

                                                                                             US$14.2/
                                     674PJ                                                                                        $3.9/GJ
                                                                                              MMBtu
                                      Down 3% vs FY2022                                            Up 14% vs FY2022                 23% increase vs FY2022
                                                                                             Up 22% in A$ terms at $20.0/GJ


                    Integrated Gas underlying EBITDA was up $82 million to $1,919 million in comparison to FY20226, primarily due to higher global
                    commodity prices.
                    APLNG’s cash distributions to Origin amounted to $1,783 million. Origin's share of APLNG underlying EBITDA increased by $355 million,
                    excluding the impact of the 10 per cent ownership change in December 2021. This was partly offset by Origin's hedging losses associated
                    with the higher commodity prices, increasing from $189 million in FY2022 to $235 million in FY2023.
                    APLNG production volumes decreased three per cent compared to the FY2022 reflecting the cumulative impact of the three consecutive
                    years of La Niña weather into the first half of FY2023. Production rebounded strongly in the second half of FY2023, with drier weather allowing
                    an increase in well workover activity and wells online. The Talinga Condabri North Pipeline ramped to full capacity in December 2022 and the
                    Orana South Loop Line completed in April 2023, enabling field production uplift and greater operational flexibility.
                    APLNG maintained a significant role as a key contributor to the east coast market. The average realised domestic gas price increased by 37
                    per cent to $8.54/GJ, primarily reflecting higher market linked short term contract prices. Average prices offered to domestic customers
                    remained below those paid by international customers.
                    Capital and operating expenditure5 increased by $0.7/GJ to $3.90/GJ reflecting both higher expenditure and lower production. Drier
                    weather saw an increase in workover activity focused on reducing La Niña weather inventory backlog. Additionally, the commencement of
                    planned multi-year upstream gas processing maintenance program and increased operated and non-operated well development activity led
                    to higher costs.
                    APLNG 2P (proven plus probable) reserves increased 175 PJ before production, representing a reserves replacement ratio of 26 per cent,
                    primarily driven by non-operated 2P reserve replacement during FY2023. After production, 2P reserves decreased by 499 PJ.7
                    Other highlights across Integrated Gas during the period included:
                    •    Beetaloo Basin – In November 2022 Origin completed the sale of its interest in the Northern Territory’s Beetaloo Basin and received upfront
                         consideration of $60 million and a royalty agreement covering future production.
                    •    Canning Basin – An agreement has been executed with Buru Energy Limited to exit Origin’s interest in the Canning Basin and the
                         transaction is now expected to complete in the first half of FY2024, awaiting regulatory approval.
                    •    Cooper-Eromanga Basin – Origin executed an agreement to transfer its 75 per cent interest and operatorship of five permits back to
                         Bridgeport, and has surrendered the remaining twelve permits in the Cooper-Eromanga Basin.
                    •    Hunter Valley Hydrogen Hub - Origin executed a $70 million grant Funding Agreement with the Commonwealth Government for the
                         implementation of the Hunter Valley Hydrogen Hub project.


                    5
                        Opex excludes purchases, one-off write off and reflects royalties at the breakeven oil price.
                    6
                        Origin's interest is 27.5 per cent. Prior to 8 December 2021 it was 37.5 per cent.
                    7
                        Refer to Section 8 for disclosure relating to Tri-Star litigation associated with these CSG interests.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                                             17




                    3 Our strategy

                    Our strategy

                        Our purpose                                       Getting energy right for our customers communities and planet


                        Our ambition                             To lead the energy transition through cleaner energy and customer solutions


                        Our strategic                      Unrivalled customer                               Accelerate renewable                             Deliver reliable energy
                        pillars                                                                              and cleaner energy                               through the transition
                                                           solutions




For personal use only
                        Our
                        decarbonisation                  ENABLE customers                                 GROW our portfolio of                             REDUCE emissions of
                        priorities                         to decarbonise                             renewables and cleaner energy                         our existing operations



                    During the year we made significant progress towards executing our strategy:
                    •     Progressed the transformation of our retail business with the migration of all of our mass market electricity and natural gas customer
                          accounts to the Kraken platform
                    •     Took a final investment decision on the first stage of our Eraring battery project, committing to around $600 million of investment over the
                          next two years. This first stage involves the construction of a 460 MW battery storage system with a dispatch duration of two hours
                            1
                    •     Grew9 our
                                March 2022             2022 Strategy Presentation
                                     virtual power plant to 815 MW across 276,000 connected assets
                    •     Entered into joint venture arrangements with leading UK based renewable developer RES which applied for offshore wind feasibility
                          licenses representing 3 GW of offshore development projects off the coast of Gippsland, Victoria
                    •     Progressed FEED for a Hunter Valley Hydrogen Hub, a green hydrogen project with a final investment decision targeted for FY2024
                    •     Announced intention to exit our upstream exploration portfolio. We completed the sale of Beetaloo and plans to exit from the Canning and
                          Cooper-Eromanga Basin are well advanced
                    •     Grew our broadband business by 35,000 accounts
                    •     Grew our Electric Vehicle business to more than 400 vehicles under management


                    Our business drivers
                    As a leading integrated energy company, Origin’s earnings drivers are spread across the energy value chain.
                    Our electricity margin is driven by outperforming the market cost of energy through our supply portfolio (including our power stations and
                    supply contracts). Our portfolio of coal and gas generation plants, renewable energy Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and market supply
                    and hedge contracts gives us with the flexibility to manage energy procurement costs. As we sell more energy than we generate, we have the
                    ability to build or contract renewable energy and storage.
                    In natural gas, Origin’s wholesale margin is driven by a strong gas supply portfolio, with pipeline and storage flexibility enabling us to direct
                    gas to where it is most needed. A large portion of supply is under long-term contracts that are either fixed-price8 or linked to oil and LNG spot
                    prices. Some of our contracts reprice to market over time.
                    Profitability in energy retailing is driven by managing retail margins through matching retail tariffs with energy procurement costs combined
                    with an efficient, low cost operation, innovative products, and the ability to attract and retain customers through providing a superior customer
                    experience. We implemented the Kraken retail system to further lower our cost base and enhance our customer experiences.
                    We own 20 per cent of Octopus Energy9, a UK-based fast-growing energy technology company. Octopus owns the Kraken technology
                    platform which has significant global licensing potential. Octopus is the second largest energy retailer by customer accounts in the UK.
                    Origin is the upstream operator and has a 27.5 per cent interest in APLNG, which is Australia’s largest CSG to LNG project. It is a significant
                    supplier to both domestic gas and international LNG markets, with the majority of volume contracted until around 2035. Profitability is
                    underpinned by maintaining a low capital and operating cost base relative to revenues, much of which are linked to oil prices. In FY2023,
                    around 77 per cent of APLNG gas volume was sold as LNG (of which 95 per cent was under long-term oil-linked contracts).




                    8
                         Subject to CPI adjustments.
                    9
                         Following CPPIB' investment in Octopus Energy during December 2021, Origin accounted for its interest in Octopus Energy at 18.7 per cent from 1 December 2021 (previously
                         20 per cent), with subsequent investment of $173 million during FY2023 to maintain its 20 per cent interest from August 2022.
                        18                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                    Our strategic pillars

                        We have three strategic pillars:
                                                           Unrivalled customer solutions

                                                           We have a leading retail business with 4.5 million customer accounts, delivering a superior customer
                                                           experience at low cost and with churn lower than our Tier 1 competitors.
                                                           Our strategy to increase the value of our retail business and enhance customer experience involves:
                                                           •   adopting a new operating model and migrating customers to the world class Kraken platform,
                                                               delivering a superior customer experience, lower costs, a leaner operation and lower churn. We are
                                                               targeting a $200 - 250 million cost reduction from FY2018 baseline by FY2025. As at FY2023 we
                                                               have realised ~$150 million in cost savings, excluding the impact of rising bad and doubtful expenses
                                                           •   increasing the breadth of products offered including broadband, solar, batteries, connected solutions




For personal use only
                                                               and E-mobility
                                                           •   using our strong data analytics capability to enable personalised and segmented offers and
                                                               experiences for customers
                                                           For our larger business customers, we are working to simplify the energy transition, providing tailored
                                                           energy and decarbonisation solutions through Origin Zero. These solutions can include elements such as
                                                           renewable energy, demand response, solar, batteries, energy management and EV fleet management.
                                                           Through our Octopus Energy investment, we have access to an industry-leading retail platform to deliver
                                                           the lowest cost and market-leading customer happiness, as well as exposure to Octopus’s global growth.
                                                           Accelerate renewables and cleaner energy

                                                           We will invest in cleaner energy positions to support our customers’ demand for energy and
                                                           decarbonisation solutions. We will increase our renewable energy supply through new investments,
                                                           partnerships, and projects, targeting multi-GW renewable growth opportunities through a staged and
                                                           disciplined investment and/or contracting approach.
                                                           In addition to our significant thermal peaking generation portfolio, we will invest in growing our 'firming
                                                           capacity' such as batteries and our VPP to support the growth of renewables during periods of peak
                                                           demand and lower renewable generation.
                                                           We have developed a proprietary VPP platform to connect and use artificial intelligence to orchestrate
                                                           distributed assets. We are growing our battery storage portfolio and took a final investment decision on
                                                           the first stage of our battery project at Eraring.
                                                           We are investigating opportunities to invest in cleaner fuels for harder-to-abate sectors, including
                                                           domestic and export green hydrogen projects, targeting domestic hydrogen supply from the mid 2020s
                                                           and export supply from the late 2020s.
                                                           Deliver reliable energy through the transition

                                                           We have a valuable portfolio of assets that play a critical role in providing customers with reliable and
                                                           affordable energy as we transition to a low-carbon future. We believe gas will remain a key part of the
                                                           energy mix during the transition.
                                                           Through our 27.5 per cent interest in APLNG, we continue to be a low cost supplier of gas, for domestic
                                    LPG
                                                           and export customers.
                                                           Our Eraring coal fired power station continues to support the reliability and security of the electricity
                                                           market. We have announced the potential early retirement of Eraring as our portfolio and the market
                                                           transitions to cleaner sources of energy and new sources of supply enter the market.
                                                           Our existing thermal peaking generation will continue to play a critical role in providing capacity and
                                                           firming as coal generators such as Eraring retire and are replaced by intermittent renewables.
                                                           We have a leading domestic wholesale gas position with the ability to transport gas across the east coast
                                                           to support our gas fired generation fleet as well as residential, business and wholesale customers.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                              19




                    4 Guidance
                    The following guidance is based on current market conditions and the regulatory environment. Ongoing volatility in market conditions is likely
                    and may adversely impact operations.

                    Energy Markets
                    FY2024 EBITDA is expected to be $1,300 - $1,700 million, excluding Octopus Energy. Electricity gross profit is expected to increase due
                    to tariffs repricing reflecting higher energy procurement costs and capacity prices in recent periods, improving the contribution from Eraring
                    and our thermal peaking fleet. Coal price caps are also expected to continue to 30 June 2024, reducing fuel costs to Eraring. Gas gross profit
                    is expected to moderate as energy procurement costs increase from supply contracts repricing and higher JKM linked supply costs.
                    Energy Markets’ cash flow is expected to improve compared to FY2023, driven by higher earnings and the first refund of LGC shortfall charge,
                    partially offset by higher working capital requirements driven by higher customer tariffs.
                    We anticipate a reduction in electricity gross profit in FY2025 as customer tariffs decline in line with wholesale costs following government




For personal use only
                    intervention in late 2022. We expect to deliver on our commitment of $200 - $250 million cost reduction by FY2025, from an
                    FY2018 baseline.

                    Octopus Energy
                    Octopus is in a rapid growth phase and continues to invest in international growth, technology platform developments and services
                    offerings. Origin's share of Octopus Energy EBITDA is expected to be lower with a wide range of possible outcomes reflecting stronger retail
                    competition. FY2024 will include a full year contribution from Bulb.

                    Integrated Gas
                    We estimate higher production in FY2024 of 680 - 710 PJ (APLNG 100 per cent), reflecting La Niña weather production recovery and
                    continued cyclical upstream gas processing maintenance program.
                    We estimate higher total APLNG capex and opex of $3.9 - $4.4/GJ, reflecting:
                    •    higher power costs;
                    •    increased workover and base production optimisation programs; and
                    •    higher non-operated development activity; partly offset by
                    •    lower cyclical maintenance.
                    Unit capex and opex over FY2025 and FY2026 is expected to be lower at $3.6 - $4.1/GJ following delivery of production optimisation and
                    cost of supply initiatives, completion of upstream cyclical maintenance program and expected lower power costs10.
                    At 7 August 2023, Origin estimates that approximately 41 per cent of APLNG’s FY2024 JCC oil price exposure has been priced at US$84/bbl
                    before hedging, based on the long-term LNG contract lags, and 23 per cent of APLNG's FY2024 JKM exposure has been priced at
                    US$11/MMBtu.
                    Based on forward market prices, we estimate losses in FY2024 on oil, gas and fx hedging of $27 million. We estimate a gain on LNG trading
                    in FY2024 of $40 - $60 million, and across both FY2025 and FY2026, a gain of $450 - $650 million. This outlook remains subject to market
                    prices on unhedged volumes, operational performance and delivery risk of physical cargoes, and shipping and regasification costs. See
                    Section 6.3.2 for details of Integrated Gas oil hedging and LNG trading.




                    10
                         Based on wholesale electricity forward curves as at 7 August 2023
                        20                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                    5 Financial update

                    5.1 Reconciliation from Statutory to Underlying Profit

                                                                                                           FY23               FY22             Change              Change
                                                                                                           ($m)               ($m)               ($m)                 (%)
                        Statutory Profit/(Loss) - total operations                                        1,055             (1,429)             2,484                  n/a
                        Items Excluded from Underlying Profit (post-tax)                                                                                               n/a
                        Increase/(decrease) in fair value and foreign exchange movements                     74                 791               (717)                (91)
                           Oil and gas                                                                      261                 92                 169                184
                           Electricity                                                                      (79)                713               (792)                n/a
                           FX and interest rate                                                                -                  3                 (3)              (100)




For personal use only
                           Other financial instruments                                                      (80)                59                (139)                n/a
                           FX gain/(loss) on foreign-denominated financing                                  (28)                (76)                48                (63)
                        Impairment, disposals, business restructuring and other                             234             (2,627)              2,861                 n/a
                        Total Items Excluded from Underlying Profit (post-tax)                             308              (1,836)              2,144                 n/a
                        Underlying Profit                                                                   747                407                340                  84


                    Fair value and foreign exchange movements reflect non-cash or non-recurring fair value gains/(losses) associated with commodity hedging,
                    interest rate swaps and other financial instruments. These amounts are excluded from Underlying Profit to remove the volatility caused by
                    timing mismatches in valuing financial instruments and the underlying transactions they relate to.
                    •     Oil and gas derivatives manage exposure to fluctuations in the underlying commodity price to which Origin is exposed through its gas
                          portfolio and indirectly through Origin’s investment in APLNG. See Section 6.3.2 for details of Origin’s APLNG-related oil hedging.
                    •     Electricity derivatives, including swaps, options and forward purchase contracts, are used to manage fluctuations in wholesale electricity
                          and environmental certificate prices in respect of electricity purchased to meet customer demand.
                    •     Foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives manage exposures associated with the debt portfolio. A portion of debt is euro-
                          denominated and cross-currency interest rate swaps hedge that debt to AUD.
                    •     Other financial assets/liabilities reflects investments held by Origin.
                    •     Foreign exchange on foreign-denominated financing reflects currency fluctuations on unhedged USD debt. Debt is maintained in USD to
                          offset the USD-denominated investment in APLNG, which delivers USD cash distributions.
                    Impairment, disposals, business restructuring and other are either non-cash or non-recurring items and are excluded from Underlying Profit
                    to better reflect the underlying performance of the business. They include the following:

                                                                                                                                                                     FY23
                                                                                                                                                                     ($m)
                        Business restructuring                                                                                                                         (88)
                        Disposals                                                                                                                                      (13)
                        Other                                                                                                                                         335
                           Deferred tax liability utilisation - APLNG                                                                                                 180
                           LGC net shortfall charge                                                                                                                    (77)
                           Provision for legal matters                                                                                                                 (13)
                           Onerous contracts - LNG                                                                                                                    245
                        Impairment, disposals, business restructuring and other                                                                                       234


                    •     $88 million business restructuring and transformation costs including the Kraken implementation project ($55 million) and costs relating
                          to the proposed acquisition of all the issued shares in Origin ($17 million) by the Consortium;
                    •     $13 million disposals, reflecting the post-tax disposal of Origin's interests in the Beetaloo Basin ($75 million), partly offset by the release of
                          the foreign currency translation reserve on wind-up of legacy international development entities ($62 million);
                    •     $180 million non-cash utilisation of deferred tax liability for dividends paid out of APLNG's retained earnings. Refer to Appendix 1 for
                          further details;
                    •     $77 million net cost relating to a decision to defer the surrender of a portion of Origin’s calendar year 2022 large-scale generation
                          certificates. The costs associated with this deferral are expected to be recovered in future periods. Refer to Appendix 2 for further
                          details; and
                    •     $245 million non-cash benefit relating to revaluation of the LNG onerous contract provisions, reflecting a reduction in the provision as the
                          contract unwinds. This was partly offset by unfavourable movements in near term JKM relative to Henry Hub pricing. The realised position
                          for the period associated with these contracts is recognised in Underlying Profit.
                    The nature of Items Excluded from Underlying Profit set out in the above table have been reviewed by our auditor for consistency with the
                    description in Note A1 of the Financial Statements.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                              21




                    5.2 Underlying Profit

                                                                                                    FY23               FY22            Change            Change
                                                                                                    ($m)               ($m)              ($m)               (%)
                        Energy Markets                                                             1,038                401               637                159
                        Share of Octopus Energy                                                      240                (36)              276                 n/a
                        Integrated Gas - Share of APLNG                                            2,246              2,134                112                 5
                        Integrated Gas - Other                                                      (327)              (297)              (30)                10
                        Corporate                                                                    (90)               (88)               (2)                 2
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                          3,107              2,114               993                47
                        Underlying depreciation and amortisation (D&A)                              (527)              (449)              (78)                17
                        Underlying share of ITDA of equity accounted investees                     (1,163)            (1,138)             (25)                 2




For personal use only
                        Underlying EBIT                                                             1,417              527               890                169
                        Underlying interest income - MRCPS                                              -                48               (48)              (100)
                        Underlying interest income - Other                                             51                13                38               292
                        Underlying interest expense                                                  (185)             (187)                2                 (1)
                        Underlying profit before income tax and non-controlling interests          1,283               401                882               220
                        Underlying income tax expense                                               (533)                10              (543)                n/a
                        Non-controlling interests’ share of Underlying Profit                          (3)               (4)                 1               (25)
                        Underlying Profit                                                            747               407               340                 84
                        Underlying EPS                                                           43.4cps            23.2cps           20.2cps                 87
                        Underlying ROCE - rolling 12 month                                         14.2%               7.1%                                 7.1%


                    Reflecting the growing size of the Octopus Energy business, the reporting has been split from the Energy Markets segment into a new
                    Octopus Energy segment. See Sections 6.1 , 6.2 and 6.3 respectively for Energy Markets, Share of Octopus Energy and Integrated
                    Gas analysis.
                    Corporate costs increased by $2 million, primarily reflecting higher employee costs, and IT and People and Culture projects. These were partly
                    offset by non-repeat of ERP implementation costs and lower foreign exchange loss.
                    Underlying D&A increased by $78 million, driven primarily by accelerated depreciation following the reassessment of Eraring's useful life.
                    Underlying share of ITDA increased $25 million, driven by increased ITDA from Origin’s equity share of Octopus Energy ($50 million), offset
                    by lower ITDA from APLNG ($28 million), comprising lower net interest expense ($53 million) and depreciation and amortisation ($39 million),
                    partly offset by higher tax expense ($64 million).
                    Underlying MRCPS interest income decreased $48 million with the principal balance fully repaid during the prior year following buy-backs
                    by APLNG.
                    Underlying net interest expense decreased $40 million, reflecting higher interest income due to a higher cash balance and interest income
                    on futures collateral positions.
                    Underlying income tax expense increased $543 million, reflecting increased earnings from Energy Markets and unfranked dividends
                    from APLNG.
                        22                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                    5.3 Cash flows
                    Operating cash flow

                                                                                                       FY23              FY22            Change            Change
                                                                                                       ($m)              ($m)              ($m)               (%)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                             3,107              2,114              993                    47
                        Underlying equity accounted share of EBITDA (non-cash)                       (2,487)           (2,097)             (390)                   19
                        Other non-cash items in Underlying EBITDA                                       183                118                65                   55
                        Underlying EBITDA adjusted for non cash items                                  803                135               668                    n/a
                        Change in working capital                                                     (1,061)             590              (1,651)                 n/a
                             Futures exchange collateral                                              (290)               471               (761)                  n/a




For personal use only
                             Energy Markets                                                            (671)               68               (739)                  n/a
                             Integrated Gas - excluding APLNG                                          (113)               48               (161)                  n/a
                             Corporate                                                                    13                 3                10                 333
                        Other                                                                          (182)              (167)               (15)                  9
                        Tax paid                                                                       (193)              (27)              (166)                  n/a
                        Cash flow from operating activities                                            (633)              531             (1,164)                  n/a


                    Operating cash flow includes outflows from Integrated Gas hedging activities and the tax associated with increased unfranked dividends
                    from APLNG, however excludes those dividends received from APLNG. Distributions from APLNG are included in investing activities, and
                    increased $188 million from FY2022.
                    Operating cash flow decreased $1,164 million, reflecting:
                    •     Unfavourable change in working capital cash flows ($1,651 million) reflecting an outflow of ($1,061 million) in FY2023, compared with an
                          inflow of $590 million in the prior period. Current year cash outflow driven by:
                          – Energy Markets working capital balances increased by $671 million driven by the unwind of higher priced net creditors for wholesale
                            energy, following the extreme wholesale price environment in FY2022. A build up of the Eraring coal stockpile occurred during H1
                            FY2023, however the value of inventory has moderated in H2 FY2023 due to lower coal prices, following the implementation of the
                            coal cap in December 2022
                          – Integrated Gas working capital balances increased by $113 million during the period primarily reflecting the cash settlement timing of
                            LNG trading activities;
                          – Futures collateral outflow of $290 million reflecting cash collateral paid associated with the mark to market valuation of gas and
                            electricity hedge contracts
                    •     Other ($182 million), which primarily reflects the cash impact of items excluded from Underlying Profit, primarily restructuring costs
                          excluded from Underlying Profit and the 2022 LGC shortfall charge (see Appendix 2 for further details)
                    •     Increased income tax paid ($166 million) reflecting the commencement of unfranked dividends received from APLNG
                    •     Lower earnings from Integrated Gas - Other ($30 million)
                    •     Partially offset by higher earnings from Energy Markets ($637 million)
                    Underlying equity accounted share of EBITDA (non-cash) reflects share of APLNG ($2,246 million) and share of Octopus Energy
                    ($240 million). Other non-cash expenses include provisions for bad and doubtful debts ($148 million), share-based remuneration ($25 million)
                    exploration expense write-off ($23 million), partly offset by change in value of derivatives ($21 million).
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                                      23




                    Investing cash flow

                                                                                                                      FY23                     FY22        Change               Change
                                                                                                                      ($m)                     ($m)          ($m)                  (%)
                        Capital expenditure                                                                           (475)                    (336)          (139)                   41
                        Distribution from APLNG                                                                      1,783                 1,595               188                    12
                        Interest received from other parties                                                            43                        2              41                   n/a
                        Investments/acquisitions                                                                     (205)                     (392)           187                   (48)
                        Disposals                                                                                       72                 1,963            (1,891)                  (96)
                        Cash flow from investing activities                                                          1,218                2,832             (1,614)                  (57)


                    FY2023 capital expenditure was $475 million, an increase of $139 million, and was driven by spend at Eraring, continued progress on the
                    Kraken implementation, the Eraring battery, and other pre-FID renewable and storage projects. Capital expenditure comprises:




For personal use only
                    •     generation maintenance and sustaining capital ($219 million), primarily at Eraring ($147 million) due to costs associated with the Ash Dam
                          ($69 million) and maintenance activities, as well as Darling Downs Power Station capital spares and major outage ($32 million)
                    •     other sustaining capital ($66 million) including LPG ($33 million), and CES ($12 million);
                    •     productivity/growth ($180 million) including deferred and contingent licensing payment to Octopus Energy ($20 million), other Kraken
                          implementation costs ($33 million), Eraring battery ($27 million) for which Origin reached FID on 460MW stage 1 during the year, early
                          stage renewable and storage development projects ($29 million), and growth in CES ($17 million) and Origin Zero ($13 million); and
                    •     exploration and appraisal spend ($11 million) primarily related to the appraisal programs in the Beetaloo and Canning Basins.
                    Cash distributions from APLNG amounted to $1,783 million comprising unfranked dividends, up from $1,595 million in FY2022, which
                    comprised $433 million in unfranked dividends, $1,112 million of MRCPS buy backs and $50 million in MRCPS interest.
                    Investments include deferred and contingent consideration for the equity interest in Octopus Energy ($173 million), Climate Asset
                    Management Nature Based Carbon fund investment ($13 million) and the acquisition of Yanco Solar Farm ($6 million).
                    Disposals relate primarily to the divestment of Origin's interest in Beetaloo.

                    Financing cash flow

                                                                                                                      FY23                     FY22        Change               Change
                                                                                                                      ($m)                     ($m)          ($m)                  (%)
                        Net proceeds/(repayment) of debt                                                              (215)               (1,856)            1,641                   (88)
                        Operator cash call movements                                                                    66                      (70)           136                    n/a
                        AEMO cash deposits                                                                            290                  (290)              580                     n/a
                        On-market purchase of shares                                                                     (4)                   (325)           321                   (99)
                        Settlement of foreign currency contracts                                                       (48)                     (46)             (2)                   4
                        APLNG loan (repayment)/proceeds1                                                                  -                     (51)             51                (100)
                        Interest paid                                                                                 (163)                    (191)            28                   (15)
                        Payment of lease liabilities                                                                    (71)                    (73)              2                   (3)
                        Dividends paid                                                                                (576)                    (314)          (262)                   83
                        Total cash flow from financing activities                                                     (721)               (3,216)           2,495                    (78)
                        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                          (1)                      1              (2)                  n/a

                    1 APLNG - loan (repayment)/proceeds represents cash generated by APLNG as part of its normal business operations deposited to a project finance debt service reserve
                         accounts. Upon issuance of a bank guarantee to APLNG by Origin the cash was distributed to Origin by way of a loan.


                    Operator cash call movements represent the movement in funds held and other balances relating to Origin's role as the upstream operator
                    of APLNG.
                    Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) cash deposits relate to cash security deposits placed with AEMO to support Origin's energy
                    purchases from national electricity and gas markets. The obligation is typically satisfied by bank guarantees; however the obligation was
                    partially met with cash in FY2022, and subsequently refunded to Origin in FY2023
                    On-market purchase of shares represents the purchase of shares connected with employee share remuneration schemes as well as a share
                    buy back in FY2022. The employee share plan terminated in March 2023 due to the proposed acquisition of Origin by the Consortium.
                    Settlement of foreign currency contracts represents the partial closure of contracts executed in prior periods to monetise the value in certain
                    cross-currency interest rate swap contracts. These foreign currency contracts have now been settled in full.
                        24                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                    Free Cash Flow
                    Free Cash Flow represents cash flow available to pay dividends, repay debt, invest in major growth projects or return surplus cash to
                    shareholders. This is prepared on the basis of equity accounting of APLNG. Specific items may be excluded from Free Cash Flow, to better
                    represent cashflows from the underlying business.
                    In FY2023, consistent with previous years, cash payments associated with the Octopus Energy equity investment and Kraken licence
                    implementation costs ($226 million) , as well as initial spend on the first stage of a large-scale battery at the Eraring Power Station ($27 million)
                    were considered to be Major Growth and were excluded from FY2023 Free Cash Flow.

                                                                                             Integrated Gas
                                                                             Share of            - Share          Integrated
                                                       Energy Markets     Octopus Energy        of APLNG          Gas - Other         Corporate              Total
                        ($m)                            FY23     FY22      2023     2022      FY23      FY22      FY23      FY22     FY23      FY22      FY23        FY22
                        Underlying EBITDA              1,038      401       240       (36)   2,246     2,134      (327)     (297)     (90)      (88)     3,107       2,114




For personal use only
                        Non-cash items                   133       76      (240)       36    (2,246)   (2,134)      49         31        -        12    (2,304)   (1,979)
                        Change in working capital        (671)     68          -         -        -         -      (113)      48        13         3      (771)        119
                        Futures exchange collateral     (290)      471         -         -        -         -         -         -        -         -     (290)        471
                        Other                            (162)    (192)        -         -        -         -         -       25      (20)         -      (182)      (167)
                        Tax paid                            -        -         -         -        -         -         -         -     (193)     (27)      (193)       (27)
                        Operating cash flow               48      824          -        -         -         -     (391)     (193)    (290)     (100)     (633)        531
                        Capital expenditure             (454)     (261)        -         -        -         -       (19)     (69)       (2)       (6)     (475)      (336)
                        Cash distribution from APLNG        -        -         -         -        -         -    1,783     1,595         -         -     1,783       1,595
                        (Acquisitions)/disposals         (29)     (118)     (173)    (268)        -         -       69     1,957         -         -      (133)      1,571
                        Interest received                   -        -         -         -        -         -         -         -      43          2       43           2
                        Investing cash flow             (483)    (379)      (173)   (268)         -         -    1,833     3,483        41        (4)    1,218    2,832
                        Interest paid                       -        -         -         -        -         -         -         -     (163)     (191)     (163)       (191)
                        Free Cash Flow                  (435)     445       (173)   (268)         -         -    1,442     3,290     (412)    (295)       422     3,172
                        Major growth spend                80       50        173     268          -         -         -         -        -         -      253         318
                        APLNG proceeds                      -        -         -         -        -         -         -    (1,957)       -         -         -    (1,957)
                        Futures exchange collateral      290      (471)        -         -        -         -         -         -        -         -      290         (471)
                        Adjusted Free Cash Flow          (65)      24          -        -         -         -    1,442     1,333     (412)    (295)       965     1,062
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                          25




                    5.4 Capital management
                    During FY2023, the following capital management initiatives were completed:
                    •     Repaid debt facilities:
                          – Repaid US$20 million (A$29) Asian Term Loan at a 1.9 per cent effective interest rate; and
                          – Repaid €150 million ten-year note issued under the Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program. The notes had been swapped to
                            A$186 million at a 6.6 per cent effective interest rate.

                    Adjusted Net Debt

                                                                                 Movements in Adjusted Net Debt ($m)




For personal use only
                                               633

                                                                                                                                         (290)
                                                                                                                                                     175
                                                                                                                              576
                                                              (1,783)
                                                                                                                 120
                                                                                                  133

                                                                                475



                             2,838                                                                                                                                2,877




                         30 June 2022   Operating cash   Net cash from        Capex       Net acquisitions   Net interest   Dividend   AEMO cash   FX/Other   30 June 2023
                                            flow            APLNG                           / disposals       payments                  deposits



                    Adjusted Net Debt increased $39 million, reflecting cash inflows from cash distributions from APLNG and the return of cash collateral deposits
                    from AEMO, and cash outflows including:
                    •     Operating cash flow, a net outflow of $633 million primarily reflecting improved earnings from Energy Markets, which was more than offset
                          by higher working capital movement associated with the Energy Markets business and $290 million of cash collateral associated with
                          unfavourable movement in the value of open energy futures hedging contracts
                    •     expenditure associated with the investment in Octopus Energy and Kraken implementation ($226 million), and capital expenditure
                          associated with the Eraring Ash Dam and Eraring battery
                    •     payment of 33 cps in dividends to shareholders
                    Origin aims to maintain an Adjusted Net Debt/Adjusted Underlying EBITDA ratio of 2.0 - 3.0x and a gearing11 target of 20 per cent to 30 per
                    cent. At 30 June 2023, these ratios were 1.2x and 24 per cent respectively.
                    Our long-term credit profile is Baa2 (stable) from Moody’s.




                    11
                         Gearing is Adjusted Net Debt divided by Adjusted Net Debt plus Equity.
                         26                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                    Debt portfolio management                                                                                                  Debt maturity profile
                                                                                                                                        - excluding lease liabilities (A$bn)
                    Average term to maturity decreased from 4.4 years at 30 June 2022
                                                                                                                  2.5
                    to 3.6 years at 30 June 2023. The average interest rate on drawn
                    debt increased from 4.3 per cent in FY2022 to 5.0 per cent in
                                                                                                                  2.0
                    FY2023.
                    As at 30 June 2023, Origin held $0.4 billion12in cash and $2.8 billion                        1.5
                    in committed undrawn debt facilities. This liquidity position of
                    $3.2 billion is held to meet near-term debt and lease liability payment
                                                                                                                  1.0
                    obligations of $0.2 billion and to maintain a sufficient liquidity buffer.

                                                                                                                  0.5


                                                                                                                    0




For personal use only
                                                                                                                          FY24    FY25     FY26   FY27   FY28   FY29 FY30    FY31   FY32 FY33+


                                                                                                                                          Capital Markets
                                                                                                                                          Debt & Term Loan
                                                                                                                                          Loans and Bank
                                                                                                                                          Guarantees - Drawn
                                                                                                                                          Loans and Bank
                                                                                                                                          Guarantees -
                                                                                                                                          Undrawn




                    APLNG funding
                    During construction of APLNG, shareholders contributed capital via ordinary equity and the investment in preference shares (termed MRCPS)
                    issued by APLNG, with the MRCPS fully redeemed prior to the end of FY2022. Subsequent distributions from APLNG have been received
                    via unfranked dividends.
                    APLNG also funded construction via US$8.5 billion (APLNG 100 per cent) in project finance facilities. These facilities were partially refinanced
                    in FY2019. The outstanding balance at 30 June 2023 was US$4,888 million (A$7,374 million), net of unamortised debt fees of US$39 million
                    (A$59 million). APLNG’s average interest rate associated with its project finance debt portfolio for FY2023 was 4.1 per cent.
                    Gearing13 in APLNG was 20 per cent as at 30 June 2023, down from 21 per cent at 30 June 2022.

                    APLNG project finance debt amortisation profile

                        Closing balance as at
                        30 June
                        (US$m)                                    2023              2024              2025              2026              2027             2028         2029            2030
                        Bank loan (variable)                      1,407              1,153              871               587               265                 -             -              -
                        US Exim                                    1,519            1,247               965              679                382              162              -              -
                        USPP                                     2,000              1,940             1,887             1,787             1,690            1,437            930           297
                        Total                                     4,927            4,340             3,722              3,052             2,337            1,599            930           297


                    5.5 Shareholder returns
                    The Board has determined a fully franked final dividend of 20 cents per share. This brings Origin’s total distributions to shareholders for
                    FY2023 to 36.5 cents per share, representing 66 per cent of Adjusted Free Cash Flow. The final dividend will be paid on 29 September to
                    shareholders registered as at 6 September 2023.
                    Origin will seek to deliver sustainable shareholder returns through the business cycle and will typically target a payout range of 30 per cent
                    to 50 per cent of Adjusted Free Cash Flow per annum in the form of ordinary dividends. Adjusted Free Cash Flow is defined as cash from
                    operating activities and investing activities (excluding major growth projects), less interest paid. Remaining cash flow will be applied to further
                    debt reduction, value accretive organic growth and acquisition opportunities, and/or additional capital management initiatives.
                    The dividend payout ratio of 66 percent is above the target range, reflecting the improved earnings outlook, the company's strong balance
                    sheet and the one-off increase in working capital.
                    The Board maintains discretion to adjust shareholder distributions for economic and business conditions. Further capital management
                    initiatives will be considered by the Board during FY2024 and beyond, taking into account franking balances, business conditions, growth
                    opportunities, and the status of the Brookfield/EIG transaction.




                    12
                         Excludes $93 million cash held on behalf of APLNG as upstream operator.
                    13
                         Gearing is defined as project finance debt less cash, divided by project finance debt less cash plus equity.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                                                         27




                    6 Review of segment operations

                    6.1 Energy Markets




For personal use only
                           Fuel Supply               Transportation                      Generation                                      Networks                      Customers
                           • Gas                     • Flexible contracted               • 1 black coal generator                        • Regulated                   • Retail (consumer and SME)
                                                       gas transport
                           • Coal                      arrangements                      • Australia’s largest                                                         • Business (commercial
                                                                                           gas-ﬁred ﬂeet                                                                 and industrial)
                           • LPG
                                                                                         • Growing contracted                                                          • Wholesale
                                                                                           renewables


                             Energy Markets operations


                    Origin’s Energy Markets business comprises one of Australia’s largest energy retail businesses by customer accounts, Australia’s largest fleet
                    of gas-fired peaking power stations supported by a substantial contracted fuel position, a growing supply of contracted renewable energy
                    and Australia’s largest power station, the black coal fired Eraring Power Station.
                    The business reports on an integrated portfolio basis. Electricity and Natural Gas Gross Profit and cost to serve are reported separately, as are
                    the EBITDA of the Solar and Energy Services, Future Energy and LPG divisions. Origin's share of Octopus Energy EBITDA is now a separate
                    segment - refer to section 6.2.

                    6.1.1 Financial summary


                                                                                                                        FY23                       FY22                     Change               Change
                                                                                                                        ($m)                       ($m)                       ($m)                  (%)
                        Electricity Gross Profit                                                                          574                      207                        366                     177
                        Natural Gas Gross Profit                                                                         943                       564                         379                       67
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve                                                       (576)                      (487)                       (89)                       18
                        LPG EBITDA                                                                                         96                        92                           4                       5
                        Solar and Energy Services EBITDA                                                                   55                         52                          3                       6
                        Future Energy EBITDA                                                                              (54)                       (28)                      (26)                       91
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                              1,038                       401                        637                    159
                        Underlying EBIT                                                                                  534                         (24)                     558                        n/a


                                                                                 Movements in Underlying EBITDA ($m)



                                                                                                       (63)                (32)              (3)

                                                                                                                                                                (89)               (18)
                                                         (303)                          477


                                                                          (91)
                                           761




                                                                                                                                                                                                 1,038




                            401
                                             Electricity +$366 million                                  Gas +$379 million


                           FY2022                      Fuel costs   Procurement costs            Oil and JKM price   Procurement costs     Volumes          Cost to serve    S&ES, LPG, Future   FY2023
                                                                                                    movements                                                                     Energy
                        28                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                    6.1.2 Electricity

                    Volume summary

                        Volumes sold                                        FY23                                               FY22                                  Change          Change
                        (TWh)                                  Retail        Business              Total        Retail         Business               Total           (TWh)             (%)
                        New South Wales1                         7.2               7.9              15.2          7.6                 8.1             15.7                 (0.5)          (3.2)
                        Queensland                               4.0               4.3              8.4           4.1                 4.2              8.3                  0.1            0.9
                        Victoria                                 3.0               5.2               8.2          2.9               5.0                7.9                  0.3            3.6
                        South Australia                          1.3               2.8               4.2          1.3                 2.3              3.7                  0.5           13.7
                        Total volumes sold                      15.6              20.2             35.8         15.9               19.6               35.5                  0.4            1.0

                    1 Australian Capital Territory customers are included in New South Wales.




For personal use only
                    Gross Profit summary
                                                                            FY23                                        FY22                                   Change                Change
                                                                           $m             $/MWh                     $m                 $/MWh                      (%)              ($/MWh)
                        Revenue                                         7,755               216.3                7,125                   200.8                      8.8                   15.6
                        Retail (residential/SME)                        4,391                   281.4            4,148                   260.6                       5.8                  20.7
                        Business                                        3,365                   166.2            2,977                      152.1                   13.0                  14.1
                        Cost of goods sold                              (7,181)            (200.3)              (6,918)                  (194.9)                    (3.8)                 (5.4)
                        Network costs                                   (3,158)                 (88.1)          (3,271)                     (92.2)                   3.5                   4.1
                        Energy procurement costs                       (4,024)              (112.2)             (3,647)                  (102.8)                   (10.3)                 (9.5)
                        Gross Profit                                      574                   16.0              207                         5.8                 176.6                   10.2
                        Gross margin %                                   7.4%                                    2.9%                                              154.1


                    Electricity Gross Profit increased by $366 million to $574 million                                    Sources and uses of electricity (TWh)
                    driven by:                                                                             40
                    •     +$761 million due to higher wholesale prices flowing into
                          business (+$395 million) and retail (+$366 million) customer
                          tariffs, reflecting the recovery of higher costs associated with
                          the current and prior periods;
                    •     -$303 million due to higher fuel costs, primarily due to coal                    30
                          generation. Unit fuel costs increased from $68.2/MWh to $87.8/
                          MWh. Eraring generation was higher (+1.2 TWh) with improved
                          coal deliveries from our key coal supplier via conveyor and from
                          suppliers via rail, as Origin seeks to diversify its coal supply
                          chain. Coal price was higher driven by greater volumes of                        20
                          coal purchased at higher market prices during the first half of
                          FY2023 as long term contractual supply contracts approach
                          their expiration date. Across the year the coal price impact was
                          softened by the introduction of the coal price cap implemented
                          in December 2022;
                                                                                                           10
                    •     -$91 million due to higher other electricity procurement costs,
                          largely reflecting higher net pool costs due to higher pool prices
                          on short positions and higher generation operating costs on
                          increased maintenance activities as well as ash dam related costs.
                          Bundled renewable PPA costs increased due to higher Stockyard
                                                                                                           0
                          Hill volumes, partly offset by lower Solar FiT costs driven by
                                                                                                                      FY22                   FY23                 FY22             FY23
                          improved value management of Solar customers, as well as lower                             Sources                Sources               Uses             Uses
                          market contract volumes purchased due to improved Eraring
                          output; and                                                                                            Solar FiT               Renewables
                    •     Volumes increased 0.4 TWh, reflecting a 0.7 TWh increase in                                            Coal (Eraring)          Gas
                          business volumes on net customer wins, partly offset by a 0.3                                          Other                   Swap contracts
                          TWh decrease in retail volumes due to lower household usage.                                           Short position          Retail
                          With the volume increase primarily related to customers on pool
                                                                                                                                 Business                Losses
                          price pass-through arrangements, there was no material impact
                          to Gross Profit.
                    Owned and contracted generation output of 19.0 TWh, was higher
                    by 0.3 TWh on FY2022, primarily driven by higher Eraring generation output. Generation from renewable PPAs (+0.2 TWh) increased due to
                    Stockyard Hill volumes received while ramping up production. Refer to the Electricity Supply table below.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                                              29




                    Wholesale energy costs
                                                                                       FY23                                                                 FY22
                                                                           $m                  TWh               $/MWh                         $m                  TWh                  $/MWh
                        Fuel cost1                                     1,368                    15.6                    87.8                 1,057                  15.5                  68.2
                        Generation operating costs                       292                    15.6                    18.7                  235                   15.5                  15.2
                        Owned generation1                              1,660                    15.6                 106.5                   1,293                  15.5                  83.4
                        Net pool costs2                                  542                     5.1                 106.2                    363                       3.7               99.2
                        Bundled renewable PPA costs3                     293                     3.4                    85.3                  271                       3.2               84.8
                        Market contracts3                                630                   10.0                     62.8                  727                   11.9                  60.9
                        Solar feed-in tariff                              135                    2.3                 60.0                     207                       2.3               90.9
                        Capacity hedge contracts                          217                                                                 226
                        Green schemes (excl. PPAs)                       501                                                                  535




For personal use only
                        Other                                             46                                                                   24
                        Energy procurement costs                      4,024                    36.44                 110.5               3,647                     36.64                  99.7

                    1 Includes volume from internal generation and contracted from Pelican Point.
                    2 Net pool costs includes gross pool purchase costs net of pool revenue from generation, gross and net settled PPAs, and other contracts.
                    3 Bundled PPAs includes cost of electricity and renewable certificates. Market contracts include swap and energy hedge contracts.
                    4 Volume differs from sales volume due to energy losses of 0.6 TWh (FY2022: 1.1 TWh).


                    Electricity supply
                                                                                               FY23                                  FY22                                     Change
                                                Nameplate Type1                   Output        Pool revenue             Output       Pool revenue          Output             Pool revenue
                                                  capacity                        (GWh)         ($m)     ($/MWh)         (GWh)        ($m)     ($/MWh)       (GWh)             ($m)    ($/MWh)
                                                    (MW)
                        Eraring                       2,922
                         Units 1 - 4                  2,880 Black Coal            12,150      2,024            167       10,966      1,668           152        1,184          356            15
                         Gas Turbine                      42 OCGT                       0           0            0              0       0               0          0             0             -
                        Darling Downs                   644 CCGT                    1,162       305            263         1,871      475            254        (710)          (170)           9
                        Osborne2                         180 CCGT                     431        115           267         606        105            173        (175)           10            94
                        Uranquinty                      692 OCGT                      132           57        429              301     94            312        (168)          (37)        118
                        Mortlake                        584 OCGT                     432         123          284          458         90            196         (26)           33            88
                        Mount Stuart                    423 OCGT                       15           12         758             70      49            708         (54)          (37)           51
                        Quarantine                       235 OCGT                    196          53          268              95      27            280         101            26         (12)
                        Ladbroke Grove                    80 OCGT                      61           19         314             42       9            219           18           10            95
                        Roma                              80 OCGT                      21           11        492              55       19           357         (33)            (9)       135
                                                            Pumped
                        Shoalhaven                      240 Hydro                     211         54           256             153     35            230          58             19           26
                        Internal generation          6,080                        14,811      2,772            187       14,617      2,571           176         194           201            11
                        Pelican Point                   240 CCGT                     770                                   885                                   (115)
                        Renewable PPAs                 1,5153 Solar / Wind         3,439                                  3,196                                  243
                        Owned and
                        contracted                    7,835                       19,019                                 18,697                                 322
                        generation

                    1 OCGT stands for open cycle gas turbine; CCGT stands for combined cycle gas turbine.
                    2 Origin has a 50 per cent interest in the 180 MW plant and contracts 100 per cent of the output.
                    3 Nameplate capacity includes Stockyard Hill. Origin received 50 per cent of its production output during HY2023, then 100 per cent from 1 January 2023.
                        30                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                    6.1.3 Natural Gas

                    Volume summary
                                                                             FY23                                                 FY22                                Change          Change
                        Volume sold (PJ)                       Retail        Business              Total          Retail          Business                Total          (PJ)            (%)
                        New South Wales1                        12.3              24.5             36.9            12.2                19.5               31.7              5.2              16
                        Queensland                                3.1             66.9              70.1             3.1               71.9               75.0             (5.0)             (7)
                        Victoria                                24.1              39.5             63.6            23.6               40.3                63.8             (0.2)             (0)
                        South Australia2                          5.7              10.3            16.0             5.4                 12.1              17.5              (1.5)            (9)
                        External volumes sold                   45.2              141.3           186.5           44.2               143.9               188.1             (1.5)             (1)
                        Internal sales (generation)                                                30.6                                                   41.4           (10.8)            (26)
                        Total volumes sold                                                         217.1                                                 229.4           (12.3)              (5)




For personal use only
                    1 Australian Capital Territory customers are included in New South Wales.
                    2 Northern Territory and Western Australia customers are included in South Australia.


                    Gross Profit summary
                                                                             FY23                                          FY22                                   Change              Change
                                                                           $m                   $/GJ                   $m                      $/GJ                  (%)               ($/GJ)
                        Revenue                                          3,510                  18.8               2,769                       14.7                   27                    4.1
                        Retail (residential/SME)                         1,397                  30.9                1,185                      26.8                   18                    4.1
                        Business                                         2,114                   15.0               1,584                       11.0                  33                    3.9
                        Cost of goods sold                              (2,567)                 (13.8)            (2,205)                      (11.7)                (16)                  (2.0)
                        Network costs                                     (783)                  (4.2)              (749)                      (4.0)                  (5)                  (0.2)
                        Energy procurement costs                        (1,784)                  (9.6)            (1,456)                       (7.7)               (23)                   (1.8)
                        Gross Profit                                      943                     5.1                564                        3.0                   67                    2.1
                        Gross margin %                                  26.9%                                     20.4%                                               32


                    Natural Gas Gross Profit increased by $379 million to $943 million                                               Sources and uses of gas (PJ)1
                    driven by:                                                                              250
                    •     +$477 million due to business (+$297 million) and retail (+
                          $180 million) customer tariffs repricing (excluding oil and JKM                   200
                          linked sales), reflecting the recovery of higher costs associated
                          with the current and prior period;
                                                                                                            150
                    •     -$63 million primarily due to higher net JKM and oil supply
                          costs. Revenue increased by $149 million due to higher price
                          movements on JKM and oil linked sales, while procurement                          100
                          costs linked to JKM and oil increased by $212 million. To the
                          extent that JKM and oil linked sales and purchases do not fully
                                                                                                             50
                          offset, hedging of any residual exposure to price movements is
                          undertaken on an ongoing basis;
                    •     -$32 million reflecting higher procurement costs (excluding oil                     0

                          and JKM linked purchases), driven by both higher priced short                                     FY22                FY23              FY22              FY23
                                                                                                                           Sources             Sources            Uses              Uses
                          term market purchases and inflationary increases on longer-term
                          supply contracts; and
                                                                                                                                     APLNG - fixed price
                    •     1.5 PJ decrease in external sales volume (-$3 million)                                                     Other fixed price
                          due to a reduction in business volumes on expiration of
                                                                                                                                     Oil/JKM linked
                          customer contracts.
                                                                                                                                     Retail
                                                                                                                                     Business - C&I
                                                                                                                                     Business - Wholesale
                                                                                                                                     Generation



                                                                                                            1 Fixed price contracts are subject to CPI adjustments.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                    31




                    6.1.4 Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve

                                                                                                                    FY23           FY22          Change        Change
                                                                                                                                                     ($)          (%)
                        Cost to maintain ($ per average customer)1                                                  (122)            (97)           (26)            27
                        Cost to acquire/retain ($ per average customer)1                                             (38)           (39)              0             (1)
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve ($ per average customer)1                         (161)          (135)            (26)            19
                        Maintenance costs ($m)                                                                      (439)          (348)            (91)           26
                        Acquisition and retention costs ($m)2                                                       (137)           (139)             2             (1)
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve ($m)                                              (576)          (487)            (89)            18

                    1 Represents cost to serve per average customer account, excluding CES accounts.
                    2 Customer wins (FY2023: 465,000; FY2022: 480,000) and retains (FY2023: 907,000; FY2022: 1,224,000).




For personal use only
                                                                                                                    FY23           FY22          Change        Change
                                                                                                                    ($m)           ($m)              ($)          (%)
                        Labour                                                                                      (158)           (150)            (8)             6
                        Bad and doubtful debts                                                                      (132)            (58)           (74)           127
                        Other variable costs                                                                        (119)           (128)             9             (7)
                        Retail and Business                                                                         (410)          (337)            (73)           22
                        Wholesale                                                                                    (64)            (52)           (12)           23
                        Corporate services and IT                                                                   (103)           (99)             (4)             4
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve                                                   (576)          (487)            (89)            18


                    Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve up $89 million, primarily driven by an increase in bad and doubtful debt expense ($74 million) due to
                    higher bill sizes, rising cost of living pressures, slower aged debt collection, and the non-repeat of a $26 million release/utilisation of COVID-19
                    bad and doubtful debt provisions in FY2022. Higher labour costs have been incurred in our Retail business driven by compliance, regulatory
                    and growth activities.
                    The migration of mass market electricity and natural gas customers to the Kraken platform was successfully completed in early May 2023. We
                    remain committed to target a $200 - $250 million reduction in operating and capital costs from a FY2018 baseline but with delayed realisation
                    of remaining benefits into FY2025. The business is focussed on stabilisation post migration and supporting customers through a period of
                    cost of living pressures. Around $150 million cost savings has been achieved as at the end of FY2023 from the FY2018 baseline, excluding
                    the impact of rising bad and doubtful expenses.
                    Bad debt expense as a percentage of total Electricity and Natural Gas revenue increased to 1.17 from 0.59 in FY2022.

                    Customer accounts
                        Customer accounts ('000) as at                                                                      30 June 2023    30 June 2022       Change
                        Electricity                                                                                                2,742          2,733              9
                        New South Wales1                                                                                            1,157          1,193          (36)
                        Queensland                                                                                                  687             674             13
                        Victoria                                                                                                    634            608             25
                        South Australia2                                                                                            264             257              7
                        Natural Gas                                                                                                1,282          1,277              4
                        New South Wales1                                                                                            386             379              7
                        Queensland                                                                                                   176            178             (2)
                        Victoria                                                                                                     501            495              5
                        South Australia2                                                                                            220             226             (6)
                        Total electricity and natural gas                                                                         4,0243          4,010             13
                        Rolling average customer accounts                                                                          4,011          3,922            89
                        Broadband                                                                                                     96             61            35
                        LPG                                                                                                         368             368              1
                        Other4                                                                                                        37             20             17
                        Total customer accounts                                                                                   4,525           4,458            66

                    1 Australian Capital Territory customer accounts are included in New South Wales.
                    2 Northern Territory and Western Australia customer accounts are included in South Australia.
                    3 Includes 442,000 CES customer accounts (FY2022: 403,000).
                    4 Relates to Origin Home Assist customers.
                         32                                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                    Origin churn decreased by 0.7 per cent to 12.7 per cent compared                                                                            Monthly Churn (%)
                    to market churn of 18.3 per cent which is down from 19.0 per cent                      30
                    in the prior period. Market churn rates spiked across July and August
                    2022 as customers sought new retailers following a period of smaller
                    energy retailers exiting the market or offering uncompetitive prices                    25
                    to their customers, and then largely remained at consistent levels
                    with FY2022.
                                                                                                           20
                    Period end customer accounts increased by 66,000 overall.
                    Electricity customer accounts increased by 9,000 with gains in
                    Victoria, Queensland and South Australia, offset by losses in New                       15

                    South Wales. Natural Gas customer accounts increased by 4,000,
                    driven primarily by gains in New South Wales and Victoria.                              10
                    Broadband customer accounts increased by 35,000 to a total of

                                                                                                                  Jul-2021     Sep-2021   Nov-2021   Jan-2022    Mar-2022       May-2022
                                                                                                                                                                                           Jul-2022    Sep-2022   Nov-2022   Jan-2023   Mar-2023   May-2023    Jun-2023
                    96,000 and Home Assist customer accounts increased by 17,000




For personal use only
                    to a total of 37,000. LPG customer accounts remained flat. Around
                    7,000 customer accounts14 were added from Retailer of Last Resort
                    (ROLR) events15 that occurred during the year.                                                                                   Origin                                           Market




                    6.1.5 LPG

                                                                                                                      FY23                                       FY22                                     Change                           Change (%)
                        Volumes (kT)                                                                                     374                                       357                                               16                                          5


                        Revenue and Other Income ($m)                                                                    749                                        710                                             39                                           6
                        Cost of goods sold ($m)                                                                       (535)                                       (513)                                           (22)                                           4
                        Gross Profit ($m)                                                                                214                                        196                                              18                                          9
                        Operating costs ($m)                                                                             (117)                                   (104)                                             (13)                                        13
                        Underlying EBITDA ($m)                                                                               96                                        92                                               4                                        5


                    Origin is one of Australia’s largest LPG and propane suppliers, procuring and distributing LPG to residential and business locations across
                    Australia. On 8 November 2022, Origin entered into an agreement to sell Origin's LPG business in the Pacific. This includes our wholly-owned
                    operations in Vanuatu, American Samoa, Samoa and Cook Islands, and joint-venture operations in Fiji, Papua New Guinea and the Solomon
                    Islands. The sale remains subject to fulfilment of conditions precedent and regulatory approvals. The LPG business in the Pacific contributed
                    $27 million of EBITDA in FY2023.
                    Gross Profit was higher in FY2023 largely driven by higher retail sales across both Australian and Pacific businesses. Volumes were up
                    5 per cent as a result of continued growth in large commercial segment and recovery in pacific economies post COVID-19 downturn.
                    Operating costs increased $13 million with inflationary impacts and supply challenges partly mitigated through cost optimisation initiatives
                    and price increases.


                    6.1.6 Solar and Energy Services

                                                                                                                      FY23                                       FY22                                     Change                                   Change
                                                                                                                      ($m)                                       ($m)                                       ($m)                                      (%)
                        Revenue and Other Income                                                                        564                                       405                                             159                                         39


                        CES Gross Profit                                                                                     148                                       98                                          50                                          51
                        Solar Gross Profit                                                                                   23                                         33                                            (9)                                     (29)
                        Other Gross Profit                                                                                    (1)                                           2                                        (3)                                      n/a
                        Gross Profit                                                                                     170                                        133                                             37                                        28
                        Operating costs                                                                                  (115)                                        (81)                                        (35)                                        43
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                                    55                                        52                                               3                                        5


                    Origin provides installation of solar photovoltaic (PV) systems and batteries to residential and business customers, and ongoing support and
                    maintenance services. The Community Energy Services (CES) business provides serviced hot water, natural gas and electricity via embedded
                    networks and other related services such as communal solar and battery systems to apartment blocks.
                    Underlying EBITDA increased $3 million. CES Gross Profit increased $50 million driven by continued growth in customer accounts including
                    the full year benefit of the WINconnect acquisition which was completed in April 2022, adding around 100,000 customer accounts. This is
                    offset by a $9 million reduction in Solar Gross Profit largely due to higher panel costs associated with manufacturing and supply constraints,
                    a $35 million increase in operating costs supporting the growth in the CES business and continued investment in Broadband growth.

                    14
                         Gross customer accounts net with those customers who subsequently churn post event.
                    15
                         Pooled Energy, PowerClub, Mojo, Social Energy, Elysian Energy, Mojo Power East and QEnergy.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                               33




                    6.1.7 Future Energy

                                                                                                                     FY23                  FY22                   Change    Change
                                                                                                                     ($m)                  ($m)                     ($m)       (%)
                        Operating costs - Origin 360 EV                                                                (12)                     -                    (12)      n/a
                        Operating costs - Other                                                                        (44)                  (29)                    (15)      51
                        Total operating costs1                                                                        (56)                   (29)                   (27)       91
                        Other income                                                                                     2                      2                     (1)     (29)
                        EBITDA                                                                                        (54)                   (28)                   (26)       91
                        Net (investments) / disposals2                                                                  (2)                     1                    (3)       n/a

                    1 Origin 360 EV is reported within Future Energy from HY2023. In the prior period, it was reported in Corporate, and costs were $3 million.
                    2 Relates to investments in future energy technology focused private equity funds.




For personal use only
                    Future Energy activities and associated expenditure reflects the transition from the incubation phase to scaling of various initiatives.
                    Operating costs increased, primarily due the inclusion of Origin 360 EV, previously reported under Corporate, as well as continued scaling of
                    Origin Loop, batteries and demand response offerings.

                    Origin Loop

                    Origin Loop, our in-house Virtual Power Plant, provides connected solutions to customers across multiple products and services. An
                    increasing variety of distributed assets are aggregated, controlled and dispatched in response to market and portfolio positions, improving
                    customer engagement while reducing energy costs for both customers and Origin.
                    Assets connected to Loop have grown by approximately 216 per cent, from 258 MW to 815 MW over FY2023. Spike, our behavioural
                    demand response program that rewards customers for reducing energy usage during periods of peak market demand, continues to grow with
                    137,000 customers now signed up as at 30 June 2023 utilising a new platform that provides more advanced and engaging digital experiences
                    and insights.
                    Origin continues to grow our connected home footprint with Loop-connected products including bundled solar and battery offers, a BYO
                    (bring your own) battery offer to integrate with customers' existing assets, and trial of EV charging tariffs.

                    Origin 360 EV

                    Origin 360 EV, our E-mobility business, provides full suite of end-to-end EV solutions to both commercial and residential customers. We
                    continue to accelerate our growth by scaling our Fleet, Car Share and Charging solutions as well as launching new products including the
                    EV Energy Plan, salary packaging EV subscription for employees and charging solutions for body corporates and residents of apartment
                    buildings. We continue to offer smart charging solutions to customers by enrolling EV chargers onto Loop.
                         34                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                    6.2 Octopus Energy

                        20 per cent Origin share                                                                      FY23                  FY22               Change                Change
                                                                                                                      ($m)                  ($m)                 ($m)                   (%)
                        Revenue - energy                                                                             4,828                 1,603                 3,225                    201
                        Revenue - licensing1                                                                             37                   40                     (3)                   (8)
                        Cost of sales                                                                               (4,481)               (1,607)               (2,874)                   179
                        Gross Profit                                                                                   384                     36                  348                   964
                        Operating costs1                                                                               (144)                  (72)                  (72)                 100
                        EBITDA                                                                                         240                   (36)                  276                    n/a
                        ITDA                                                                                           (101)                  (51)                  (50)                   97
                        NPAT                                                                                           139                    (87)                 226                    n/a




For personal use only
                    1 Licensing revenue and operating costs disclosed here includes fees for Octopus Energy customers using the platform. These are eliminated on consolidation in Octopus
                         Energy’s statutory financial reporting.


                        100 per cent Octopus customer accounts ('000) as at                                                       30 June 2023          30 June 2022                 Change
                        Energy customer accounts                                                                                           9,657                 6,013                 3,644
                        Contracted Kraken platform customer accounts                                                                      32,158                25,683                 6,475


                    Origin’s share of Octopus Energy EBITDA16 for the period was $240 million, an increase of $276 million from FY2022. The result primarily
                    reflects an increase in customer accounts and the lag in reset of regulated tariffs in the UK retail business.
                    Tariffs are capped by the regulator Ofgem and reflect an allowance for wholesale, network, operating and other costs. The loss in the prior year
                    resulted from incurring higher cost of energy, with an inability to pass this onto customers due to the lag in the reset of regulated tariffs. The
                    current year saw these costs recouped. During FY2023 there was also a change in the reset frequency from six months to quarterly, enabling
                    more rapid response to changing wholesale market prices. This allowed higher wholesale costs in HY2023 to be recouped in the second half.
                    The majority of Octopus' customers are priced at a discount to the Ofgem price cap.
                    FY2023 saw a six-month contribution from the customers acquired from Bulb Energy, which added 2.5 million customer accounts in
                    December 2022. The contribution includes accounting fair value considerations as a result of the acquisition agreement and will continue to
                    do so for the duration of the agreement. Following the Bulb acquisition, Octopus Energy is the second largest UK energy retailer by customer
                    accounts and is continuing to grow organically. Customer accounts in the UK retail business have grown to around 9.7 million at the end of
                    June 2023, a 61 per cent increase in the year.
                    Octopus' software licensing business, Kraken, has achieved a 25 per cent growth in accounts contracted to the platform.
                    Kraken earns recurring revenue from licencing the platform to utilities as well as one-off fees earned through the period of customer account
                    migration. Recurring revenue will grow as accounts are migrated onto the platform. Total licensing revenue is down as FY2022 included higher
                    one-off migration and performance payments.
                    The Kraken platform is now contracted to serve over half of all UK households, with a strong global sales pipeline, driving towards a 100 million
                    licensed customer account ambition by 2027. All of EON’s UK customers and Origin's mass-market electricity and natural gas customer
                    accounts have been successfully migrated to the Kraken platform. Migration has begun for EDF’s UK customers. Kraken licensing has
                    expanded into new utilities, with the first water and broadband deals signed in July 2023.
                    Octopus' operating costs increased, driven by investment in people to scale up growth in licensing delivery, energy installation services and
                    international retail businesses.




                    16
                         Following CPPIB' investment in Octopus Energy during December 2021, Origin accounted for its interest in Octopus Energy at 18.7 per cent from December 2021 (previously
                         20 per cent), with subsequent investment of $173 million during FY2023 to maintain its 20 per cent interest from August 2022.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                                        35




                    6.3 Integrated Gas

                                                                                                                       FY23                FY22                Change              Change
                                                                                                                       ($m)                ($m)                  ($m)                 (%)
                        Share of APLNG EBITDA (see Section 6.3.1)1                                                    2,246                2,134                    112                  5
                        Integrated Gas - Other (see Section 6.3.2)                                                     (327)               (297)                   (30)                 10
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                             1,919               1,837                     82                   4
                        Underlying depreciation and amortisation                                                        (22)                 (24)                     2                 (8)
                        Underlying share of ITDA from APLNG                                                          (1,060)             (1,086)                    26                  (2)
                        Underlying EBIT                                                                                837                  727                    110                  15

                    1 Origin's interest is 27.5 per cent. Prior to 8 December 2021 it was 37.5 per cent.




For personal use only
                    6.3.1 Share of APLNG




                    Exploration and                          Drilling and                                     Processing and                        Domestic               Liquefaction and
                    appraisal                                gathering                                        transportation                        customers              export customers

                    Origin holds a 27.517 per cent shareholding in APLNG, an equity accounted incorporated joint venture. APLNG operates Australia’s largest
                    CSG to LNG export project (by nameplate capacity) with the country’s largest 2P CSG reserves.18 Origin is the operator of the upstream CSG
                    exploration and appraisal, development and production activities. ConocoPhillips is the operator of the 9 mtpa two-train LNG liquefaction
                    facility at Gladstone in Queensland.
                    As APLNG is an equity accounted incorporated joint venture, Integrated Gas reports its share of APLNG EBITDA. The share of APLNG ITDA
                    is recorded as a line item between EBITDA and EBIT.
                    APLNG acquired various CSG interests from Tri-Star in 2002 that are subject to reversionary rights and an ongoing royalty interest in favour of
                    Tri-Star. These interests represent approximately 19 per cent of APLNG’s 2P CSG reserves and approximately 18 per cent of 3P (proved plus
                    probable plus possible) CSG reserves (as at 30 June 2023). Refer to Section 8 for disclosure relating to Tri-Star litigation associated with these
                    CSG interests.

                    Financial summary – APLNG

                                                                                                                          FY23                                        FY22
                                                                                                                     APLNG                Origin               APLNG                 Origin
                        ($m)                                                                                          100%                 share                100%                  share
                        Commodity revenue and other income1                                                          11,259               3,096                 9,362               2,903
                        Operating expenses                                                                           (3,091)               (850)               (2,486)                (768)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                             8,168               2,246                 6,876                2,134
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                (1,659)               (456)                (1,563)              (495)
                        MRCPS interest expense                                                                            -                     -                  (141)               (48)
                        Project finance interest expense                                                               (339)                 (93)                 (261)                (82)
                        Other financing expense                                                                        (101)                 (28)                  (67)                (23)
                        Interest income                                                                                  87                   24                      9                  3
                        Income tax expense                                                                           (1,850)               (509)                (1,456)              (445)
                        Underlying ITDA2                                                                             (3,862)             (1,062)               (3,479)              (1,090)
                        Underlying Profit                                                                            4,306                 1,184                3,397               1,044

                    1 Includes commodity revenue plus other income of $20 million (Origin share) primarily related to tolling revenue and FX (FY2022: $29 million Origin share).
                    2 See Note B2.1 of the Financial Statements for details relating to a $2 million difference between APLNG ITDA and Origin's reported share. (FY2022 $4m)




                    17
                         Origin's interest is 27.5 per cent. Prior to 8 December 2021 it was 37.5 per cent.
                    18
                         As per EnergyQuest EnergyQuarterly, June 2023.
                         36                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                                                                                    Movements in Underlying EBITDA ($m)


                                                                                                                  (15)       (161)
                                                                                                                                         (243)

                                                    (234)



                                                                     Commodity revenue and other income
                                                                                  (+$516 million)




For personal use only
                                                                                            (+$355 million)




                              FY2022           LNG volume              LNG price               Domestic       Other income   Opex    10% Sell down      FY2023
                                                                                               revenue


                    Origin’s share of APLNG Underlying EBITDA increased by $355 million excluding the impact from 10 per cent ownership change in December
                    2021, primarily due to higher realised oil prices.
                    •     Commodity revenue and other income increased by $516 million19, primarily reflecting a higher realised oil price of US$103/bbl (A$154/
                          bbl) compared to US$74/bbl (A$103/bbl) in FY2022, together with higher domestic revenue attributed to market linked short term
                          contract prices. Seven spot cargoes were delivered in FY2023 down from fifteen cargoes in FY2022 reflecting the impact of La Niña
                          weather on production and the prioritisation of domestic market sales.
                    •     Operating expenses increased by $16119 million, driven by increased gas purchases to manage the portfolio (primarily through operational
                          time swaps with other major producers), increased workover activity focused on reducing La Niña weather inventory backlog,
                          commencement of a planned multi-year upstream gas processing maintenance program, inflationary impacts, higher royalties as a
                          consequence of higher revenue and exploration asset write off.
                    Origin’s share of depreciation and amortisation decreased by of $39 million, mainly reflecting the impact from 10 per cent ownership change
                    in December 2021 and reduced well amortisation as a result of lower production.
                    MRCPS interest expense decreased by $48 million to nil as MRCPS were fully repaid in FY2022. See Section 5.4 for details relating to the
                    APLNG funding.




                    19
                         Origin's interest is 27.5 per cent. Prior to 8 December 2021 it was 37.5 per cent.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                              37




                    APLNG volume summary

                                                                                                               FY23                         FY22
                                                                                                           APLNG      Origin           APLNG              Origin
                                                                                                            100%       share            100%               share1
                        Volumes (PJ)
                        Operated                                                                             534        147               535                170
                        Non-operated                                                                         140         38               157                 50
                        Total production                                                                     674        185               693               220
                        Purchases/swaps                                                                       21          6                 15                 5
                        Changes in upstream gas inventory/other                                               (6)        (2)                (4)               (1)
                        Liquefaction/downstream inventory/other                                              (44)       (12)              (40)               (13)




For personal use only
                        Total sales                                                                          645        177               664                211


                        Commodity revenue ($m)
                        Domestic gas                                                                        1,283      353                990                327
                        LNG                                                                                9,903      2,723             8,267              2,546
                        Sales mix (PJ)
                        Domestic gas                                                                         150         41               159                 52
                        LNG contract                                                                         468        129               450                143
                        LNG spot                                                                              27          7                55                 16


                        Realised price
                        Domestic gas (A$/GJ)                                                                8.54                         6.23
                        LNG (A$/GJ)                                                                        20.01                        16.36
                        LNG (US$/MMbtu)                                                                    14.20                        12.50

                    1 Origin's interest is 27.5 per cent. Prior to 8 December 2021 it was 37.5 per cent.


                    APLNG production volumes decreased 3 per cent compared to FY2022 reflecting the cumulative impact of the three consecutive years
                    of La Niña weather, which restricted access to fields for workovers, drilling and optimisation activities during the first half of FY2023. The
                    commencement of a planned multi-year upstream gas processing maintenance program in addition to unplanned non-operated outages also
                    contributing to the decline in production.
                    Production rebounded strongly in the second half of FY2023 with favourable drier weather. This allowed an increase in well workover activity
                    and increasing the rates of online wells, which, coupled with production optimisation projects, increased overall production. Talinga Condabri
                    North Pipeline ramped to full capacity and Orana South Loop Line also completed, enabling additional field production uplift and greater
                    operational flexibility. This led to multiple daily operated production records, peaking at 1,618 TJ/day in May 2023.
                    APLNG sales volumes decreased 3 per cent, reflecting lower production volumes during FY2023.
                    The average realised LNG price increased 22 per cent to A$20.01/GJ driven by higher realised oil prices. The average realised domestic gas
                    price increased 37 per cent to $8.54/GJ, primarily driven by market-linked short-term contract prices.
                        38                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                    Cash flow – APLNG 100%

                                                                                                                      FY23                  FY22                Change                Change
                                                                                                                      ($m)                  ($m)                  ($m)                   (%)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                            8,168                 6,876                  1,292                     19
                        Non-cash items in underlying EBITDA                                                            (40)                   (89)                   49                    (55)
                        Change in working capital                                                                       56                   283                   (227)                   (80)
                        Operating cash flow1                                                                        8,184                  7,070                  1,114                     16
                        Capital expenditure1                                                                          (481)                  (415)                  (66)                    16
                        Interest income1                                                                                82                      7                    75                  1,071
                        Acquisitions/disposals1                                                                           1                    68                   (67)                   (99)
                        Loans (advanced to)/paid by shareholders                                                          -                    51                    (51)                (100)




For personal use only
                        Investing cash flow                                                                          (398)                  (289)                  (109)                    38
                        Project finance interest and transaction costs1                                                (311)                (233)                   (78)                    33
                        Repayment of project finance1                                                                 (813)                 (694)                   (119)                   17
                        Other financing activities1                                                                       -                   (22)                   22                  (100)
                        Repayment of lease liabilities1                                                                (64)                   (55)                    (9)                   16
                        Interest on lease liabilities1                                                                 (27)                   (15)                   (12)                  80
                        MRCPS interest                                                                                    -                  (145)                  145                  (100)
                        MRCPS buy-back                                                                                    -               (3,544)                3,544                   (100)
                        Ordinary dividends paid                                                                    (6,483)                 (1,573)               (4,910)                   312
                        Financing cash flow                                                                        (7,698)                (6,281)                (1,417)                    23
                        Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                            88                   500                   (412)                  (82)
                        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash1                                                        88                    139                    (51)                  (37)
                        Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents including
                        FX movement                                                                                    176                   639                  (463)                    (72)
                        Distributable cash flow1                                                                    6,659                 5,850                    809                      14

                    1 Included in distributable cash flow. Distributable cash flow represents the net increase in cash, including foreign exchange movements before MRCPS interest and buy-backs,
                         and transactions with shareholders.


                    APLNG generated distributable cash flow of $6,659 million in FY2023 at an effective oil price of US$103/bbl, up from $5,850 million at an
                    effective oil price of US$74/bbl in the prior year. Cash distributions to Origin were $1,783 million in FY2023, in the form of unfranked ordinary
                    dividends, up from $1,595 million in the prior year.
                    APLNG accumulated tax loss position was US$1,760 million (US$528 million tax effected) at 30 June 2023, down from US$5,600 million at
                    30 June 2022. Once the accumulated tax losses have been utilised, APLNG will move towards paying tax, and franking dividends.
                    The project finance facility requires APLNG to hold an amount of cash to service near-term operational and project finance obligations. As
                    at 30 June 2023, APLNG held $1,720 million of cash, up from $1,544 million at 30 June 2022 primarily reflecting FX revaluation of US
                    dollar balances.
                    Non-cash items reflects the reversal of a prior period provision net of write-off of an exploration asset.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                           39




                    Operating expenditure – APLNG 100%

                                                                                                                        FY23                   FY22           Change    Change
                                                                                                                        ($m)                   ($m)             ($m)       (%)
                        Purchases/swaps                                                                                (280)                   (144)            (136)      94
                        Royalties and tariffs1                                                                          (933)                  (784)            (149)      19
                        Upstream operated opex                                                                         (1,112)                 (935)            (177)      19
                        Upstream non-operated opex                                                                      (294)                  (295)               1       (0)
                        Downstream opex                                                                                 (334)                 (309)             (25)        8
                        APLNG Corporate/other                                                                           (138)                    (19)           (119)     626
                        Total operating expenses per Profit and Loss                                                 (3,091)                (2,486)            (605)       24
                        Other cash items                                                                                   (3)                  (32)             29       (90)




For personal use only
                        Total operating cash costs                                                                   (3,094)                (2,518)            (576)       23

                    1 Reflects actual royalties paid. At breakeven price, royalties and tariffs would have amounted to $211 million (FY2022: $175 million).


                    Operating expenses increased $605 million. Purchases costs associated with portfolio management through operational time swaps with
                    other major producers increased $136 million. Royalties and tariffs were higher by $149 million, reflecting stronger commodity revenue.
                    Upstream operated opex increased $177 million, mainly due to increased workover activity focused on reducing La Niña weather inventory
                    backlog, commencement of a planned multi-year upstream gas processing maintenance program and broad inflationary impacts.
                    Downstream opex increased $25 million reflecting additional maintenance work conducted during Train 2 shutdown period. APLNG
                    Corporate/other increased by $119 million, which includes $77 million of exploration write off.

                    Capital expenditure – APLNG 100%

                                                                                                                        FY23                   FY22           Change    Change
                                                                                                                        ($m)                   ($m)             ($m)       (%)
                        Operated upstream - Sustain                                                                    (280)                  (202)             (78)       38
                        Operated upstream - Infrastructure                                                               (29)                   (29)              (0)       0
                        Exploration and appraisal                                                                        (38)                   (35)              (3)       9
                        Downstream                                                                                       (24)                   (23)              (1)       6
                        Non-operated                                                                                    (149)                   (131)            (18)      13
                        Total capital expenditure                                                                       (521)                  (421)           (100)       24


                    Operated upstream - Sustain includes expenditure for drilling, completions, fracture stimulation, gathering network, surface connection,
                    capital improvements and land access which occurs over multiple years. In FY2023, 64 operated wells were drilled (versus 63 in FY2022),
                    42 wells were fracture stimulated (versus 23 in FY2022) and 71 operated wells were commissioned (versus 65 in FY2022).
                    Capital expenditure increased $100 million, primarily driven by a change to well scope and more complex completion activities and
                    non-operated well development programs.
                    Operated upstream - Sustain costs increased $78 million reflecting higher fracture stimulation activities, and La Niña weather impacts on
                    surface scope requiring additional rig support, along with La Niña weather risk mitigations.
                    Non-operated expenditure increased $18 million due to increased activities in Fairview well development programs, partially offset by a
                    decrease in the Arcadia Phase 2 development program and material completion of Bellevue drilling program in the prior year.
                        40                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




                    6.3.2 Integrated Gas – Other

                    This segment comprises Origin Integrated Gas activities that are separate from APLNG, and includes exploration interests in Beetaloo,
                    Cooper-Eromanga, Canning and Browse Basin, interest in Hunter Valley Hydrogen Hub Project on Kooragang Island.
                    This segment also includes overhead costs (net of recoveries) incurred as upstream operator and corporate service provider to APLNG, costs
                    associated with growth initiatives such as hydrogen, and costs incurred in managing Origin’s exposure to LNG pricing risk and impacts of its
                    LNG trading positions.
                    In September 2022, Origin announced it will undertake a strategic review of all remaining exploration permits (excluding its interests in
                    Australia Pacific LNG) with a view to exiting those permits over time, as the company focuses on its strategy and ambition to lead the
                    energy transition.

                    Beetaloo Basin (Northern Territory)

                    In November 2022 Origin completed the sale of its interest in the Northern Territory’s Beetaloo Basin and received upfront consideration of
                    $60 million. Origin will also receive a 5.5 per cent royalty based on wellhead revenues produced from the three Beetaloo permits. A non-cash




For personal use only
                    post tax loss of $75 million in relation to the transaction was recorded. Origin has also executed a gas sale agreement conditional on a final
                    investment decision being made and future development occurring.

                    Cooper-Eromanga Basin (Queensland)

                    Origin executed an agreement to transfer its 75 per cent interest and operatorship of five permits back to Bridgeport, and has surrendered the
                    twelve permits in the Cooper-Eromanga Basin. The transaction is expected to complete in the first half FY2024.

                    Canning Basin (Western Australia)

                    An agreement has been executed with Buru Energy Limited to exit Origin’s interest in the Canning Basin and the transaction is now expected
                    to complete in the first half FY2024. The terms of the sale provide for Origin to provide Buru with up to $4 million to fund a seismic survey
                    and for Buru to provide Origin with future reimbursement payments of up to $34 million, conditional on the achievement of key development
                    and production milestones.

                    Hunter Valley Hydrogen Hub
                    Origin executed a $70 million grant Funding Agreement with the Commonwealth Government for the implementation of the Hunter Valley
                    Hydrogen Hub project.

                    Financial summary

                                                                                                    FY23               FY22            Change            Change
                                                                                                    ($m)               ($m)              ($m)               (%)
                        Origin only commodity hedging and trading                                   (235)              (189)              (47)                  25
                        Other Origin only costs                                                       (91)             (109)                18                  (16)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                           (327)             (297)               (30)                  10
                        Underlying depreciation and amortisation/ITDA                                (20)               (20)                 -                    -
                        Interest income - MRCPS                                                         -                48               (48)              (100)
                        Underlying Profit/(Loss)                                                    (347)             (268)               (79)                  29


                    Refer to the following table for a breakdown of Origin only commodity hedging and trading costs.
                    Other Origin only costs decreased $18 million reflecting lower exploration cost and higher APLNG cost recovery.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                             41




                    Commodity hedging and trading summary

                    FY2023 hedge positions realised a $235 million net loss, compared to a $189 million loss in FY2022. The FY2023 net loss included a hedge
                    loss of $271 million associated with 5.4 MMbbl of oil swaps and 1.6MMbbl of oil producer collars which realised a hedge price of US$99/bbl.
                    These hedge contracts were established over October 2020 to August 2021 during the height of the COVID pandemic to protect the
                    company’s investment grade credit rating.
                    Based on current forward market prices20, we estimate a net loss on oil, gas and FX hedging in FY2024 of $27 million.

                                                                                                                      FY23              FY22              FY24
                        ($m)                                                                                         actual            actual          estimate1
                        Oil hedging premium expense                                                                    (22)              (28)                (2)
                        Gain/(loss) on oil, gas and FX hedging                                                        (271)              (137)              (25)
                        Gain/(loss) on LNG trading                                                                      58               (23)




For personal use only
                        Total                                                                                         (235)             (189)

                    1 Based on forward prices as at 7 August 2023.


                    Oil, gas and fx hedging

                    Origin has entered into oil and gas hedging instruments for the FY2024 and FY2025 periods to manage its share of APLNG oil and gas price
                    risk based on the primary principle of protecting the Company’s investment grade credit rating and cash flows during volatile market periods
                    and to satisfy conditions outlined in the Consortium's proposal.
                    For FY2024, Origin’s share of APLNG related Japan Customs-cleared Crude (JCC) oil and Japan Korea Marker (JKM) gas price exposure is
                    estimated to be approximately 17 MMboe and 18 tBtu respectively. As at 7 August 2023, we estimate that 41 per cent of JCC and 23 per cent
                    of JKM have been priced (based on LNG contract lags) at approximately US$84/bbl and US$11/MMBtu respectively, before any hedging.
                    As at 7 August 2023, Origin has separately hedged to provide downside protection for FY2024 using the following instruments:
                    •     2.0 MMbbl of Brent USD swaps hedged at a fixed price of A$137/bbl;
                    •     0.8 MMbbl of Brent producer collars struck between US$35/bbl and US$90/bbl;
                    •     6.2 MMbbl of JCC USD swaps hedged at a fixed price of US$81/bbl
                    •     4.2 tBtu of JKM futures hedged at a fixed price of US$16/MMBtu; and
                    •     US$205 million FX forwards hedged at a fixed rate of 0.70.
                    As at 7 August 2023, 3.7 MMbbl of oil hedging and 0.4 tBtu JKM hedging have been priced at US$86/bbl and US$15/MMBtu respectively.
                    Based on a forward oil price of US$87/bbl and forward JKM price of US$15/MMBtu, the effective prices of the remaining 4.5 MMbbl of oil
                    hedging and 3.8 tBtu JKM hedging are US$82/bbl and US$16/MMBtu respectively. This would result in an effective oil price on the company's
                    FY2024 approximate 17 MMboe oil exposure and 18 tBtu JKM exposure of US$85/bbl and US$15/MMBtu including hedges.
                    Premium spend for this hedge position is A$2 million.
                    The FY2025 hedge position consists of:
                    •     6.2 MMbbl oil swaps hedged at a fixed price of US$76/bbl;
                    •     3.5 tBtu JKM futures hedged at a fixed price of US$14/MMBtu; and
                    •     US$162m FX forwards hedged at a fixed price of 0.69.

                    LNG hedging and trading

                    In 2013, Origin established a Henry Hub linked contract to purchase 0.25 mtpa from Cameron LNG for a period of 20 years, with the first cargo
                    delivered to Origin in June 2020.
                    In 2016, Origin established a medium term contract with ENN LNG Trading Company Limited to sell ~0.28 mtpa commencing in FY2019. As
                    at 30 June 2022, a non-cash onerous provision of $397 million was held in relation to this contract, reflecting stronger LNG prices relative
                    to Brent oil prices. In FY2023, a reduction in the non-cash onerous provision of $335 million was recognised, with the provision revalued to
                    $62 million as at 30 June 2023, reflecting a decline in near-term LNG price assumptions relative to Brent oil prices.
                    These contracts and derivative hedge contracts that manage the price risk associated with the physical LNG contracts form part of an LNG
                    trading portfolio.
                    Based on market forward prices as at 7 August 2023, the FY2024 LNG trading EBITDA is expected to be between $40 - 60 million. Across
                    both FY2025 and FY2026, the total LNG trading EBITDA is expected to be between $450 - 650 million. This outlook remains subject to
                    market prices on unhedged volumes, operational performance and delivery risk of physical cargoes, and shipping and regasification costs.




                    20
                         As at 7 August 2023.
                        42                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                    7 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects
                    The scope of operations and activities means that Origin is exposed to risks that can have a material impact on our future financial prospects.
                    Material risks, and the Company’s approach to managing them, are summarised below.


                    Risk management framework
                    Overseen by the Board and the Board Risk Committee, Origin’s risk management framework supports the identification, management and
                    reporting of material risks. Risks are identified that have the potential to impact the delivery of business plans and objectives. Risks are
                    assessed using a risk toolkit that considers the level of consequence and likelihood of occurrence using consistent risk assessment criteria.
                    The risk framework incorporates a "three lines of defence" model for managing risks and controls in areas such as health and safety,
                    environment, climate change, financial, reputation and brand, legal and compliance and social impacts. All employees are responsible for
                    making risk-based decisions and managing risk within approved risk appetite and specific limits.




For personal use only
                    The Board reviews Origin’s material risks each quarter and assesses the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management framework annually
                    in accordance with the ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations.

                    Three lines of defence

                        Line of defence                 Responsibility                                                             Primary accountability
                        First line
                        Lines of business               Identifies, assesses, records, prioritises, manages and monitors risks.    Management
                        Second line
                        Oversight functions             Provides the risk management framework, tools and systems to               Management
                                                        support effective risk management.
                        Third line
                        Internal audit                  Provides assurance on the effectiveness of governance, risk                Board, Board Committees
                                                        management and internal controls.                                          and Management


                    Origin's risk framework supports the identification and management of emerging risks and escalating threats. During FY2023, the
                    accelerating energy transition, as well as ongoing geopolitical risks, inflationary pressures, and supply chain disruptions were key threats to
                    operational and financial performance. These threats required ongoing response and management across many of our existing material risks
                    to minimise impacts. Our priorities remain ensuring the continuity of operations and supporting activities to provide essential services to our
                    customers, and maintaining our financial resilience to respond to changes in global markets.


                    Material risks
                    The risks identified in this section have the potential to materially affect Origin’s ability to meet our business objectives and impact its future
                    financial prospects. These risks are not exhaustive and are not arranged in order of significance.


                    Strategic risks
                    Strategic risks arise from uncertainties that may emerge in the medium to longer term and, while they may not necessarily impact on
                    short-term profits, can have an immediate impact on the value of the Company. These strategic risks are managed through continuous
                    monitoring and reviewing of emerging and escalating risks, ongoing planning and the allocation of resources, and evaluation by Management
                    and the Board.

                        Risk                  Consequences                                                       Management
                        Competition           Origin operates in a highly competitive retail environment which •    Our strategy to mitigate the impact of this risk on our retail
                                              can result in pressure on margins and customer losses.                business is to provide customers with value for money
                                              Competition also impacts Origin’s wholesale business, with            and exceptional service, while continuously focusing
                                              generators competing for capacity and fuel and the potential          on maintaining our cost leadership and innovation. The
                                              for gas markets to be impacted by new domestic gas resources,         migration of our business to Octopus Energy’s Kraken
                                              LNG imports and the volume of gas exports.                            platform should see us maintain our churn advantage
                                                                                                                    over competitors through extending leadership in cost,
                                              Origin is well placed to respond to prevailing headwinds              products and service.
                                              due to the diversified nature of our business, however we
                                              are exposed to coal supply challenges relative to vertically     •    We endeavour to mitigate the impact of this risk on
                                              integrated organisations with coal businesses or those with long      our wholesale business by sourcing competitively priced
                                              term legacy coal contracts.                                           fuel to operate our generation fleet and through efficient
                                                                                                                    operations to optimise flexibility in our fuel, transportation
                                                                                                                    and generation portfolio.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                              43




                        Risk                Consequences                                                        Management
                        Technological       Origin is exposed to risks and opportunities relating to new digital •   Origin actively participates and invests in technological
                        developments /      and low-carbon technologies.                                             developments through local and global start-up
                        disruption                                                                                   accelerator programs, trialling new energy technology and
                                            Distributed generation is empowering consumers to own,
                                            generate and store electricity, which results in less energy             new products and business models.
                                            consumption from the grid. Technology is allowing consumers         •    In parallel, we are growing our distributed generation
                                            to understand and manage their power usage through smart                 and home energy services businesses and endeavouring
                                            appliances, which could potentially disrupt the existing utility         to mitigate the impact of this risk on our core energy
                                            relationship with consumers.                                             businesses by offering superior service and innovative
                                            Technology also allows customers to have increased awareness             products and reducing cost to serve.
                                            of the impact of when they consume energy and the source of         •    Origin is pursuing opportunities in low-carbon
                                            that energy.                                                             technologies such as hydrogen, e-mobility and
                                                                                                                     carbon management.
                                            Advances in technology and the abundance of low-cost data
                                            acquisition, communication and control has the potential to




For personal use only
                                            create new business models and introduce new competitors.
                        Changes in        The volume or source of energy demanded by customers                  •    Our strategy of increasing renewable energy in our
                        demand for energy could change due to price, consumer behaviour, community                   portfolio and investing in new technology and products,
                                          expectations, mandatory energy efficiency schemes,                         such as storage, the virtual power plant (VPP) and lower
                                          Government policy, weather and other factors.                              carbon customer solutions, supports Origin’s ability to
                                            Demand for the energy is also expected to grow due to increased          meet future increases in energy demand.
                                            electrification; for example, hydrogen, e-mobility and distributed •     We use the flexibility in our gas supply and peaking
                                            infrastructure as a service, providing new market opportunities.         generation capacity, as well as the flexibility of Eraring
                                            The current global energy market environment may impact the              Power Station, to manage the intermittency of renewables
                                            supply and cost of energy to our customers, and this could               and maintain reliable supply for customers.
                                            have an adverse impact on our reputation with customers and         •    Origin is partially mitigating the impact of this risk
                                            the community.                                                           by developing data-based customer propositions and
                                                                                                                     better predicting customer demand through our artificial
                                            Any change in demand for energy could impact Origin’s
                                                                                                                     intelligence orchestration platform, or VPP, which
                                            revenues and future financial performance.
                                                                                                                     connects and controls distributed assets and Internet of
                                                                                                                     Things (IoT) devices, and by applying advanced data
                                                                                                                     analytics capability.

                        Regulatory policy   Origin has broad exposure to regulatory policy change and         •      Origin contributes to the policy process with federal,
                                            other government interventions. Changes to policy and other              state and territory governments by actively participating
                                            government interventions can impact financial outcomes and,              in public policy debate, proactively engaging with policy
                                            in some cases, change the commercial viability of existing or            makers and participating in public forums, industry
                                            proposed projects or operations. Specific areas subject to review        associations, think tanks and research.
                                            and development include government subsidies for building
                                            new generation or transmission capacity, direct government        •      We advocate directly with key members of governments,
                                            investment in generation, energy market design, domestic and             opposition parties and bureaucrats to achieve sound
                                            international climate change policies, domestic gas market               policy outcomes that align with our strategy, purpose
                                            interventions, wholesale and retail price, consumer protection           and commercial objectives. Origin also makes formal
                                            regulation, and royalties and taxation policy.                           submissions to relevant government policy inquiries.
                                                                                                              •      Origin actively and publicly promotes the customer
                                                                                                                     and economic benefits that flow from our activities in
                                                                                                                     deregulated energy markets.
                        44                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




                    Climate risks
                    Climate change risk is considered a strategic risk for Origin. Under the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework,
                    Origin’s climate-related risks can be classified as transitional or physical. Many of our climate-related risks are managed within our existing
                    risks and the table below provides a summary of our climate-related risks under the TCFD's categories.

                        TCFD Risk Type       Consequences                                                         Management
                        Transition Risks
                        Policy and Legal     Changes to government policy and regulation in relation to,          •   Origin continues to advocate for coordinated and long-
                                             and resulting from, climate change may present risks and                 term energy policy at the national level to give industry
                        Risk time horizon:
                                             opportunities for Origin, including:                                     the confidence to invest in new electricity generation and
                        Short – Medium
                                             •   regulatory intervention in the national electricity and              gas supply.
                                                 gas markets;                                                     •   We engage proactively with all levels of government




For personal use only
                                             •   carbon pricing (including carbon markets, border adjustment          and regulatory bodies on energy and climate policy,
                                                 and taxes);                                                          including through policy submissions, participating in
                                                                                                                      think tanks, research and various industry associations.
                                             •   the emergence of new climate-related legislation or
                                                                                                                      This consultation helps to support government responses
                                                 reporting requirements;
                                                                                                                      in a rapidly evolving landscape.
                                             •   government investment in energy infrastructure and
                                                                                                                  •   Climate-related commitments and disclosures are
                                                 generation including partnerships;
                                                                                                                      regularly reviewed and updated to take into consideration
                                             •   government grants and subsidies to innovate and incentivise          up to date science, regulatory requirements and
                                                 market development; and                                              stakeholder expectations.
                                             •   development approvals and planning and zoning laws.              •   Origin carries out scenario based planning and
                                             These changes may impact Origin's asset values, operating                portfolio assessment that consider potential changes to
                                             costs, or investment decisions.                                          government policy and regulation.

                                             There is an increased risk of climate change-related litigation
                                             globally and in Australia. Any litigation would incur legal
                                             costs and potential penalties, compensation payments or
                                             settlement costs and may directly or indirectly influence future
                                             operational strategy.
                        Technology           The development of new technologies may be required to assist •          Origin participates in local and global start-up accelerator
                                             Origin to meet its medium to long-term emissions reduction               programs, trialling new energy technology and exploring
                        Risk time horizon:
                                             targets and ambitions, however there is uncertainty regarding            investments in new products or business models.
                        Short – Long
                                             the efficacy, timing, cost and availability of those technologies.
                                                                                                                •     We are growing our offerings in emerging technologies
                                             The growth of low emissions technologies, distributed                    and markets.
                                             generation, and demand management enabled by technologies
                                                                                                                •     More details can be found in the ‘Technological
                                             could result in lower demand (and revenue) for existing products,
                                                                                                                      developments / disruption’ strategic risk above.
                                             however these also present new market opportunities and
                                             potential revenue streams.
                        Market               The energy transition represents a period of significant change      •   Our ambition is to lead the energy transition
                                             and volatility which presents both risks and opportunities for           through cleaner energy and customer solutions, and
                        Risk time horizon:
                                             Origin. The ongoing decarbonisation of energy markets and                we are strategically positioned to benefit from the
                        Short - Medium
                                             lower demand for fossil fuels in some markets could result in:           energy transition.
                                             •   the reduced lifespan of existing carbon-intensive assets and     •   We are focused on growing our offering of lower
                                                 potential for stranded assets;                                       carbon solutions, including solar and batteries, electric
                                             •   the continued electrification of some sectors that currently         vehicles and demand management, to help our customers
                                                 depend on fossil fuels, with potential to increase overall           decarbonise. We are also accelerating growth in
                                                 demand for electricity;                                              renewables and cleaner energy. We have an ambition to
                                                                                                                      grow our portfolio of renewables and storage to 4 GW
                                             •   a change in the competitive landscape and the development
                                                                                                                      by 2030, and in April 2023 we took a final investment
                                                 of new markets and business models that Origin can
                                                                                                                      decision on the first stage of a large-scale battery at
                                                 participate in, as cleaner fuels, renewables, storage, and
                                                                                                                      the Eraring Power Station. We are also exploring both
                                                 distributed generation markets evolve; and
                                                                                                                      domestic and export market opportunities for hydrogen
                                             •   energy market price volatility, as both the volume and source        and ammonia.
                                                 of energy supply and demand shift.
                                                                                                                  •   We believe there will continue to be a long-term role for
                                             Origin's response to these market changes may have a positive or         natural gas to maintain energy security and support the
                                             negative influence on our future financial prospects including our       energy transition. Our portfolio of gas-fired peaking plants
                                             earnings, asset values, and investments.                                 will continue to have an important role to play in Australia’s
                                                                                                                      energy transition to support intermittent renewable output
                                             Origin's financial performance during the energy transition will
                                                                                                                      and maintain reliable electricity supply.
                                             also be influenced by the timely and affordable access to:
                                                                                                                  •   We intend to ensure that our capital expenditure portfolio
                                             •   capital to support our strategy and growth aspirations;
                                                                                                                      is consistent with our emissions reduction targets.
                                             •   land and infrastructure, including the necessary network             Relevant investments in growth projects will be evaluated
                                                 transmission capacity to enable investment in renewables and         against our emissions reduction targets and our ambition
                                                 other third-party infrastructure; and                                to be net zero emissions by 2050. Climate change
                                                                                                                      scenario analysis plays a role in our assessment of the
                                                                                                                      assets we should hold, invest in, dispose of and acquire.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                             45




                        TCFD Risk Type       Consequences                                                       Management
                        Transition Risks
                                             •   the necessary inputs (including skills, commodities, and other •    Origin aims to deploy capital in areas that deliver value to
                                                 supplies) to develop renewable and cleaner energy assets in         shareholders and are consistent with our strategy, targets
                                                 an ethical manner.                                                  and ambitions.
                                                                                                                •    Origin is investing in new technology to support our ability
                                                                                                                     to manage the supply / demand balance in the electricity
                                                                                                                     market. This includes scaling an artificial intelligence
                                                                                                                     orchestration platform, or VPP, which connects, and
                                                                                                                     controls distributed assets and IoT devices, and applies
                                                                                                                     advanced data analytics capability to smart meter data to
                                                                                                                     better predict customer demand and develop data-based
                                                                                                                     customer propositions. The VPP provides Origin with an
                                                                                                                     important tool to manage the supply/demand balance in




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     the electricity market.

                        Reputation           Our strategy, emissions reduction targets and ambitions may fail •      We released our Climate Transition Action Plan in 2022,
                                             to meet stakeholder expectations. This includes the timing and          outlining our ambition to lead the energy transition
                        Risk time
                                             alignment of our portfolio decisions, and how we set, measure           through cleaner energy and customer solutions. Included
                        horizon: Short
                                             and report on climate change targets. This could result in:             in the plan are short and medium-term targets for
                                             •   increased cost of, or restricted access to, debt and equity         increased emissions reduction across Origin, towards our
                                                 capital and insurance;                                              long-term ambition to be net zero in Scope 1, 2 and 3
                                                                                                                     emissions by 2050. We believe our updated medium-term
                                             •   adverse impacts to our social licence to operate and our
                                                                                                                     emissions intensity target and our long-term net zero
                                                 reputation among our communities, customers, suppliers and
                                                                                                                     emissions ambition are consistent with the goals of the
                                                 other stakeholders; and
                                                                                                                     Paris Agreement to limit the increase in the average global
                                             •   challenges attracting and retaining talent.                         temperature to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.1
                                             Our path through the energy transition will have an impact on our •     Origin has been using the TCFD as the framework for our
                                             people, communities and customers as our business changes,              external climate disclosures since 2018.
                                             including the planned closure of the Eraring coal-fired power       •   Origin proactively engages with our capital providers
                                             station as early as August 2025. There is a risk we fail to meet        and other financial stakeholders to ensure they are
                                             stakeholder expectations in relation to a 'just energy transition'.     well informed of our climate change strategy, targets
                                                                                                                     and ambitions.
                                                                                                                •    We engage with communities to understand, mitigate and
                                                                                                                     report on environmental risks associated with our projects
                                                                                                                     and operations, including those relating to climate change.
                                                                                                                •    We have put in place principles for a just energy transition
                                                                                                                     which guide our approach and are underpinned by open,
                                                                                                                     inclusive and transparent engagement.

                        Physical Risks
                        Chronic              Changing weather patterns may influence the demand for             •    Origin is applying advanced data analytics capability
                                             energy, which could impact Origin’s revenues and future                 to better predict customer demand and to increase
                        Risk time horizon:
                                             financial performance.                                                  our supply of renewables and flexible capacity to meet
                        Short – Long
                                                                                                                     changes in demand.
                                                                                                                •    More details are in the ‘Changes in demand for energy’
                                                                                                                     strategic risk above.

                        Acute                Changing and more frequent and severe weather conditions,          •    Origin has extreme weather event preparation processes
                                             including floods, droughts, bushfires, and extreme temperature          including comprehensive seasonal readiness activities and
                        Risk time horizon:
                                             events could disrupt our operations or impact the efficacy              emergency response plans.
                        Short – Long
                                             of our assets, and supporting distribution and transmission
                                             infrastructure. This could lead to increased operating costs,      •    Our operational planning and design processes
                                             increased maintenance and capital expenditure, the risk                 incorporate extreme weather events, while investment
                                             of environmental incidents and higher insurance costs or                decisions for major growth projects. incorporate potential
                                             restrictions on accessing insurance.                                    financial losses from natural disasters.

                    1 Pursuant to the methodology outlined in the Climate Transition Action Plan.


                    Time horizons: Short-term: up to three years; Medium-term: three to 10 years; Long-term: beyond 10 years
                        46                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




                    Financial risks
                    Financial risks are the risks that directly impact the financial performance and resilience of Origin.

                        Risk                 Consequences                                                          Management
                        Commodity            We have a long-term exposure to international oil, LNG and gas •           Commodity exposure limits are set by the Board to
                                             prices through the sale and purchase of domestic gas, LNG and              manage the overall financial exposure that Origin is
                                             LPG, and our investment in Australia Pacific LNG. Pricing can be           prepared to take.
                                             volatile and driven by global macroeconomic events. Downward
                                             price movements can impact cash flow, financial performance, •             Origin's commodity risk management process
                                             reserves and asset carrying values. Some of Origin’s long-term             monitors and reports performance against defined
                                             domestic gas purchase agreements and Australia Pacific LNG's               limits in accordance with our ‘Commodity Risk
                                             LNG sale agreements contain periodic price reviews. Following              Management System’.
                                             each review, pricing may be adjusted upwards or downwards, or •            Commodity price risk is managed using various
                                                                                                                        controls, most notably financial hedging contracts




For personal use only
                                             remain unchanged.
                                                                                                                        (derivatives), which are widely available for Origin’s
                                             The prices and volumes for wholesale electricity that Origin
                                                                                                                        international commodity exposures and wholesale
                                             sources to on-sell to customers are volatile and influenced by
                                                                                                                        electricity exposures.
                                             many factors, including generation availability, the pricing of
                                             generation fuels (coal and gas), and weather. Fluctuations in   •          For each periodic price and supply review, a negotiation
                                             coal and gas prices also impact the margins of Origin's own                strategy is developed that considers external market
                                             generation portfolio. Energy Markets also has exposures to                 advice and utilises both external and in-house expertise.
                                             contracted volumes of coal not being delivered which could
                                             result in lower output or higher costs to meet customer demand.
                                             Different commodity prices that have historically moved in a
                                             correlated fashion may see that correlation break down. It would
                                             be disadvantageous for Origin if the domestic wholesale energy
                                             costs incurred by Energy Markets were high, but the international
                                             oil and LNG prices obtained by Australia Pacific LNG were low.
                        Foreign exchange     Origin has exposures through principal debt and interest         •         Risk limits are set by the Board to manage the
                        and interest rates   payments associated with foreign currency and Australian dollar            overall exposure.
                                             borrowings, through the sale and purchase of gas, LNG and LPG,
                                             and through its investments in Australia Pacific LNG and Octopus •         Origin's treasury risk management process monitors and
                                             Energy. Interest rate and foreign exchange movements could                 reports performance against defined limits.
                                             lead to a decrease in revenues or an increase in payments in     •         Foreign exchange and interest rate risks are
                                             Australian dollar terms.                                                   managed through a combination of physical positions
                                                                                                                        and derivatives.

                        Liquidity and        Our business, prospects and financial flexibility could be             •   We actively manage our liquidity position through cash
                        access to            adversely affected by a failure to appropriately manage our                flow forecasting and maintenance of minimum levels of
                        capital markets      liquidity position, or if markets are not available at the time of any     liquidity as determined under Board approved limits.
                                             financing or refinancing requirement.
                        Credit               Some counterparties may fail to fulfil their obligations (in whole    •    Counterparty risk assessments are regularly undertaken
                        and counterparty     or part) under major contracts.                                            and where appropriate, credit support is obtained to
                                                                                                                        manage counterparty risk.
                                                                                                                   •    AEMO credit is managed daily to ensure compliance
                                                                                                                        with the market rules, ensuring management forecasts
                                                                                                                        the collateral required to continue to meet spot market
                                                                                                                        obligations for all AEMO markets.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                               47




                    Operational risks
                    Operational risks arise from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or systems or from external events.

                        Risk                  Consequences                                                       Management
                        Safe and              We are exposure to reliability or major accident events that may •      Core operations are subject to a comprehensive
                        reliable operations   impact our assets, our licence to operate or financial prospects.       framework of controls, management systems and
                                              This includes loss of containment, cyber-attack and security            operational performance monitoring to manage the
                                              incidents, unsafe operations, and natural hazards and events            design, operational and technical integrity of our assets
                                              that may result in harm to our people, environmental damage,            and associated operational activities. Origin’s standards
                                              additional costs, production loss, property damage, third party         and controls are designed to meet regulatory and industry
                                              impacts, and reputational impacts.                                      standards in all operations.
                                              A production outage or constraint, network or IT systems           •    Origin personnel are appropriately trained and licensed to
                                              outage, would affect Origin's ability to deliver electricity and        perform their operational activities.




For personal use only
                                              gas to customers.
                                                                                                                 •    We maintain an extensive insurance program to mitigate
                                              A serious incident or a prolonged outage may also damage                consequences by partially transferring financial risk
                                              Origin’s financial prospects and reputation.                            exposure to third parties where commercially appropriate.

                        Environmental         An environmental incident or failing to consider and adequately •       Core operations are subject to a comprehensive
                        and social            mitigate environmental, social and socio-economic impacts               framework of environmental controls, management
                                              on communities and the environment has the potential to                 systems and operational performance monitoring to
                                              cause environmental impact, community action, regulatory                manage operational exposure to the environment. Origin’s
                                              intervention, legal action, reduced access to resources and             standards and controls are designed to meet regulatory
                                              markets, impacts to our licence to operate and reputation and           and industry standards in all operations.
                                              increased operating costs.
                                                                                                                  •   Origin personnel are appropriately trained and licensed to
                                              Community concerns regarding environmental and social                   perform their operational activities.
                                              impacts associated with our activities may also give rise to unrest
                                                                                                                  •   We engage with communities to understand, mitigate and
                                              amongst community stakeholder groups and activism which
                                                                                                                      report on environmental and social risks associated with
                                              may impact the company's reputation. A third party’s actions
                                                                                                                      our projects and operations.
                                              may also result in delay in Origin carrying out its approved
                                              development and operational activities. NGOs, landholders,          •   At a minimum, the management of environmental
                                              community members and other affected parties can seek to                and social risks meets regulatory requirements. Where
                                              prevent or delay Origin’s activities through court litigation,          practical, our management extends to the improvement
                                              preventing access to land and extending approval pathway                of environmental values and the creation of socio-
                                              time frames.                                                            economic benefits.
                                                                                                                 •    Origin has a cultural awareness learning framework to
                                                                                                                      build awareness of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                                                                                                                      cultures, histories and achievements. Origin maintains
                                                                                                                      and implements Native Title Agreements and Cultural
                                                                                                                      Heritage Management Plans with Traditional Owners
                                                                                                                      where appropriate. We engage with impacted groups and
                                                                                                                      consider cultural heritage protection as part of ongoing
                                                                                                                      operations and at project stage gates.
                                                                                                                 •    A dedicated Board committee oversees safety and
                                                                                                                      sustainability. The committee receives regular reporting
                                                                                                                      on the highest rated environmental risks and mitigants,
                                                                                                                      and reviews significant incidents and near misses. The
                                                                                                                      committee also receives updates on our engagement with
                                                                                                                      Traditional Owners.
                                                                                                                 •    We engage with stakeholders before seeking relevant
                                                                                                                      approvals for our development and operational activities.
                                                                                                                      This engagement continues through the life of the project
                                                                                                                      and during operations.

                        Cyber security        A cyber security incident could lead to a breach of privacy,       •    A cyber security strategy is in place and is regularly
                                              loss of and/or corruption of commercially sensitive data,               updated to cater for emerging threats, security regulation
                                              and/or a disruption of critical business processes. This may            and stakeholder expectations.
                                              adversely impact customers, the Company’s business activities
                                              and reputation and brand.                                          •    A robust security monitoring and incident response
                                                                                                                      process exists and is tested on a regular basis. In the event
                                                                                                                      of an incident, Origin is supported by an external incident
                                                                                                                      response and forensics firm.
                                                                                                                 •    We undertake regular independent security assurance to
                                                                                                                      assess the resilience of our digital channels and internal
                                                                                                                      security controls.
                                                                                                                 •    Employees undertake compulsory cyber awareness
                                                                                                                      training, including how to identify phishing emails and hoe
                                                                                                                      to keep data safe, and are subject to a regular program of
                                                                                                                      random testing.
                        48                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                        Risk                 Consequences                                                       Management
                        APLNG gas           There is uncertainty about the productivity, and therefore           •   Australia Pacific LNG integrates all available subsurface
                        reserves, resources economic viability, of resources and developed and                       data to develop insights into regional prospectivity
                        and deliverability  undeveloped reserves. As a result, there is a risk that actual           allowing identification and prioritisation of plays and
                                            production may vary from that estimated, and in the longer term,         prospects for exploration to mature contingent and
                                            that there will be insufficient reserves to supply the full duration     prospective resources.
                                            and volumes to meet contractual commitments.
                                                                                                                 •   Australia Pacific LNG monitors reservoir performance
                                            As at 30 June 2023 Australia Pacific LNG’s identified reserves           and adjusts development plans accordingly. Australia
                                            and resources are estimated to be greater than its contractual           Pacific LNG continually takes steps to further strengthen
                                            supply commitments on a volume basis. However, given the                 the supply base such as lowering costs and identifying
                                            inherent uncertainty in forecasting future production rates, there       new plays.
                                            is a risk that the rate of gas delivery required to meet Australia
                                                                                                                 •   Australia Pacific LNG is progressing an exploration
                                            Pacific LNG’s committed gas supply agreements may not be able
                                                                                                                     campaign that if successful, could increase long
                                            to be met for the later years in the life of existing contracts.
                                                                                                                     term supply.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                •    Australia Pacific LNG continues to review business
                                                                                                                     development opportunities for long term gas supply, and
                                                                                                                     has the ability to substitute gas or LNG to meet contractual
                                                                                                                     requirements if required.

                        Conduct              Unlawful, unethical or inappropriate conduct that falls short of   •    Origin’s people are trained on the key laws and regulations
                        and compliance       community expectations could result in penalties, reputational/         that apply to their activities and operations or on
                                             brand damage, loss of customers and adverse financial impacts.          the processes that underpin compliance with laws
                                             Origin’s financial prospects and operations are underpinned             and regulations.
                                             by our licence to operate which requires compliance with         •      Origin’s Purpose, Values, Behaviours and Code of
                                             stakeholder commitments, regulations, and laws. For example,            Conduct guide conduct and decision making across
                                             requirements for dealing with vulnerable customers, privacy, and        the Company.
                                             insider trading.
                                                                                                              •      All our people are trained in our Code of Conduct,
                                                                                                                     and we conduct training for insider trading, privacy and
                                                                                                                     competition and consumer law every year.
                                                                                                                •    Conduct risk and Compliance are identified as material
                                                                                                                     risks within Origin’s risk management framework and are
                                                                                                                     a continuing area of focus for regulators. These risks are
                                                                                                                     regularly reported to the Board Risk Committee. Controls
                                                                                                                     specific to the different parts of Origin’s business are
                                                                                                                     the accountability of Business Units and are subject to
                                                                                                                     assurance activities, including internal audits.

                        Joint venture        Third party joint venture operators may have economic or other •        We apply a number of governance and management
                                             business interests that are inconsistent with Origin’s own and may      standards across our various joint venture interests to
                                             take actions contrary to the Company’s objectives, interests or         provide a consistent approach to managing them.
                                             standards. This may lead to potential financial, reputational and
                                             environmental damage in the event of a serious incident.           •    Origin actively monitors and participates in its joint
                                                                                                                     ventures through participation in their respective boards
                                                                                                                     and governance committees.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                  49




                                                                                                       assessed by reference to the revenue derived by APLNG or
                    8 APLNG reversion                                                                  its affiliates from LNG sales since the alleged reversion, being
                                                                                                       approximately $2.5 billion (as at March 2019), or $2.4 billion
                    In 2002, APLNG acquired various CSG interests from Tri-Star that
                                                                                                       (as at March 2019) if the proceeds from the sale of LNG is
                    are subject to reversionary rights and an ongoing royalty in favour
                                                                                                       determined to be calculated net of liquefaction costs;
                    of Tri-Star. If triggered, the reversionary rights require APLNG to
                    transfer back to Tri-Star a 45 per cent interest in those CSG interests         – conceded in its claim that certain costs for processing and
                    for no additional consideration. The reversion trigger will occur when            transportation of that gas would need to be deducted from the
                    a calculation of the revenue from the sale of petroleum from those                value of gas to calculate the quantum of its claim, but has not
                    CSG interests, plus any other revenue derived from or in connection               quantified those costs; and
                    with those CSG interests, exceeds the aggregate of all expenditure              – alleged that it should be paid the value of such gas after
                    relating to those CSG interests plus interest on that expenditure,                deduction of those costs or is otherwise entitled to set-off the
                    royalty payments and the original acquisition price.                              value of such gas from any amount owing to APLNG arising
                    The affected CSG interests represent approximately 18 per cent of                 from APLNG’s counter-claim for contribution to the costs
                                                                                                      incurred by APLNG in exploring and developing the affected




For personal use only
                    APLNG’s 3P CSG reserves (as at 30 June 2023), and approximately
                    19 per cent of APLNG’s 2P CSG reserves (as at 30 June 2023).                      CSG interests between the date of reversion and the date of
                                                                                                      judgement; and
                    Tri-Star served proceedings on APLNG in 2015 (‘2015 proceeding’)
                    claiming that reversion occurred as early as 1 November 2008                •   if reversion occurred:
                    following ConocoPhillips’ investment in APLNG, on the assertion                 – the extent of the reversionary interests principally with respect
                    that the equity subscription monies paid by ConocoPhillips, or                    to Tri-Star’s ownership and/or rights to use or access certain
                    a portion of them, were revenue for purposes of the reversion                     project infrastructure; and
                    trigger (the ConocoPhillips reversion claim). Tri-Star has also                 – the repayment by Tri-Star of the ongoing royalty which
                    claimed in the alternative that reversion occurred in 2011 or 2012                has been paid by APLNG since reversion, resulting from its
                    following Sinopec’s investment in APLNG (the Sinopec reversion                    mistake as to the occurrence of the reversion trigger.
                    claim). These claims are referred to in this document as Tri-Star’s
                    "past reversion" claims.                                                    If APLNG is successful in defending Tri-Star’s past reversion claims in
                                                                                                the 2015 proceeding, the potential for reversion to otherwise occur
                    Tri-Star has made other claims in the 2015 proceeding against               in the future in accordance with the reversion trigger will remain.
                    APLNG relating to other aspects of the reversion trigger calculation
                    (including as to the calculation of interest, calculation of revenue        In 2017, Tri-Star commenced separate proceedings against APLNG
                    and the nature and quantum of APLNG’s expenditures that can                 (‘2017 proceeding’) which allege that APLNG breached three CSG
                    be included), the calculation of the royalty payable by APLNG to            joint operating agreements by failing to offer Tri-Star (and the
                    Tri-Star, rights in respect of infrastructure, and claims relating to gas   other minority participants in those agreements) an opportunity
                    sold by APLNG following the alleged reversion dates. APLNG denies           to participate in the “markets” alleged to be constituted by certain
                    these claims and is defending the proceedings.                              of APLNG’s LNG and domestic gas sales agreements, including
                                                                                                the Sinopec and Kansai LNG sale agreements entered into by
                    If Tri-Star’s past reversion claims are successful, then Tri-Star may be    APLNG in 2011 and 2012. Tri-Star has alleged that it should have
                    entitled to an order that reversion occurred as early as 1 November         been offered participation in those sales agreements for its share
                    2008. If the court determines that reversion has occurred, then             of production from those three CSG joint ventures referable to
                    APLNG may no longer have access to the reserves and resources               both its small participating interests and its reversionary interests
                    that are subject to Tri-Star’s reversionary interests and may need          in those joint ventures (the markets claim). In that regard, Tri-Star
                    to source alternative supplies of gas (including from third parties)        is claiming, amongst other things, damages and/or an order that
                    to meet its contracted commitments. There are also likely to be a           APLNG offer Tri-Star (and the other minority participants in those
                    number of further complex issues that would need to be resolved             CSG joint operating agreements) the opportunity to participate in
                    as a consequence of any such finding in favour of Tri-Star. These           those sales agreements for their proportionate share of production
                    matters will need to be determined by the court (either in the current      from those three CSG joint ventures. APLNG denies these claims
                    or in separate proceedings) or by agreement between the parties,            and is defending these proceedings.
                    and they include:
                                                                                                In September 2019, Tri-Star made further claims in the 2017
                    •   the terms under which some of the affected CSG interests will be        proceeding relating to:
                        operated where currently there are no joint operating agreements
                        in place;                                                               •   the nature and scope of the obligations of APLNG as operator
                                                                                                    pursuant to the CSG joint operating agreements;
                    •   the amount of Tri-Star’s contribution to the costs incurred by
                                                                                                •   Tri-Star’s ownership and/or rights to use or access certain project
                        APLNG in exploring and developing the affected CSG interests
                                                                                                    infrastructure; and
                        between the date of reversion and the date of judgment, which
                        APLNG has stated in its defence and counter-claim are in the            •   APLNG’s entitlement as operator to charge (both historically and
                        order of $4.56 billion (as at 31 December 2019) if reversion                in the future) certain categories of costs under the relevant CSG
                        occurred on 1 November 2008; and                                            joint operating agreements.

                    •   the consequences of APLNG having dealt with Tri-Star’s                  APLNG filed defences and counterclaims in both proceedings in
                        reversionary interests between the date of past reversion and           April and May 2020. In December 2020, Tri-Star filed replies and
                        the date of judgment, including the gas produced from them.             answers in both proceedings. APLNG filed its rejoinders in the
                        Tri-Star has:                                                           2015 proceeding and the 2017 proceeding in February and April
                                                                                                2021 respectively. APLNG filed a further amended defence and
                        – estimated the value of such gas which it has been unable
                                                                                                counterclaim in the 2015 proceeding in December 2021.
                          to take since the alleged reversion, calculated by reference
                          to the sale of gas as LNG and gas to domestic customers,              In September 2021, Tri-Star filed and served an application in both
                          to be approximately $3.37 billion (as at 31 March 2019)               proceedings for questions to be determined separately (or further
                          and approximately $1.3 billion per annum thereafter. Tri-             or alternatively referred to a referee to conduct an inquiry into and
                          Star claims that the value of gas sold as LNG should be               prepare a report to the court on those questions). The questions
                                                                                                proposed for separate determination in those applications included
                        50                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                    the issue of whether the 2008 ConocoPhillips subscription monies
                    are revenue for the purposes of the calculation of the reversion
                    trigger. APLNG opposed those applications. The applications were
                    heard in April 2022 and both were ultimately dismissed by the Court.
                    Tri-Star recently notified APLNG that it intends to seek to amend its
                    claims in both proceedings. In relation to the 2017 proceedings,
                    Tri-Star’s proposed amendments include it not continuing with
                    the markets claim. In relation to the 2015 proceedings, Tri-Star’s
                    proposed amendments include:
                    •    not continuing with the Sinopec reversion claim (that is, the
                         claim that reversion occurred in 2011 or 2012, following Sinopec’s
                         investment in APLNG);
                    •    the addition of an alternative claim that if the ConocoPhillips




For personal use only
                         reversion claim is not successful, the reversion trigger
                         nevertheless occurred by no later than 1 August 2022;
                    •    the addition of alternative bases for Tri-Star’s claims for
                         compensation or damages relevant to the consequences of the
                         alleged past reversion, including as:
                         – compensation calculated on the basis of loss of opportunity to
                           sell the affected CSG interests in 2008 or 2009;
                         – equitable compensation calculated on the basis of the ‘market
                           value’ of the gas produced from the affected CSG interests
                           since the alleged reversion on 1 November 2008); or
                         – an account of the profits earned by APLNG or its affiliates
                           from the affected CSG interests since 1 November 2008 with
                           Tri-Star asserting that the revenue received by APLNG for that
                           gas is to be calculated in a similar manner to the existing claim.
                    As to the proposed claim for equitable compensation, Tri-Star
                    asserts that the “market value” of the gas should be determined
                    by reference to the wholesale spot price for domestic gas on the East
                    coast of Australia as at the date of trial or, alternatively, by reference
                    to the wholesale gas market prices for the East coast of Australia as
                    at the relevant date the gas was sold plus compound interest. Tri-Star
                    concedes that certain processing and transportation costs (which
                    have not been quantified by Tri-Star) will also need to be deducted to
                    determine the quantum of this claim. There are presently a number
                    of uncertainties as to the quantum of this claim, if it were able to be
                    established by Tri-Star, including details of Tri-Star’s calculations as
                    to the market value of the gas, the amount of costs to be deducted,
                    changes to the amount claimed to account for sales of gas up to
                    the date of trial and the prevailing relevant prices at, and ahead, of
                    that date.
                    Tri-Star has not yet served a final version of its proposed amended
                    pleadings and will need the leave of the Court to file any such
                    amendments. If leave is granted, once Tri-Star files its amended
                    claims and statements of claim, APLNG will prepare and file
                    amended defences and counterclaims in response to defend the
                    amended claims. The parties may also need to prepare replies and
                    rejoinders. Once that process is finalised, the Court will make further
                    orders for the conduct of the two proceedings.
                    Before the proceedings are set down for trial, the Court would
                    ordinarily order a number of procedural steps to be completed by
                    the parties, including document disclosure, evidence preparation
                    and exchange and pre-trial mediation. The process that will be
                    followed in the 2015 and 2017 proceedings (and the procedural
                    timetable) will depend on the decisions of the Court and is difficult
                    to predict at this stage.
                    If APLNG is not successful in defending all or some of the claims
                    being made in the proceedings by Tri-Star, APLNG’s financial
                    performance may be materially adversely impacted and the amount
                    and timing of cash flows from APLNG to its shareholders, including
                    Origin, may be significantly affected.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                                               51




                                                                                                          Statutory Profit and Underlying Profit is provided in Section 5.1 of
                    9 Important information                                                               this OFR.
                                                                                                          Certain other non-IFRS financial measures are also included in
                    Forward looking statements
                                                                                                          this OFR. These non-IFRS financial measures are used internally
                    This Operating and Financial Review (OFR) contains forward looking                    by management to assess the performance of Origin’s business
                    statements, including statements of current intention, statements                     and make decisions on allocation of resources. Further information
                    of opinion and predictions as to possible future events and future                    regarding the non-IFRS financial measures is included in the
                    financial prospects. Such statements are not statements of fact and                   Glossary of this OFR. Non-IFRS financial measures have not been
                    there can be no certainty of outcome in relation to the matters to                    subject to audit or review. Certain comparative amounts from the
                    which the statements relate. Forward looking statements involve                       prior corresponding period have been re-presented to conform to
                    known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other                         the current period's presentation.
                    important factors that could cause the actual outcomes to be
                    materially different from the events or results expressed or implied
                                                                                                          Emissions data
                    by such statements, and the outcomes are not all within the control                   Origin reports its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions under the




For personal use only
                    of Origin. Statements about past performance are not necessarily                      National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act, 2007 (NGER)21.
                    indicative of future performance.                                                     Origin calculates Scope 3 emissions based on the Greenhouse
                    This OFR also contains forward looking statements in the form                         Gas Protocol’s Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and
                    of scenario analysis. These are based on management’s current                         Reporting Standard22 and Scope 3 guidance documents23.
                    expectations and reflect judgments, assumptions, estimates and                        Due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in measuring
                    other information available as at the date of this OFR and/or the                     emissions under the calculation methodologies used in the
                    date of Origin’s planning processes or scenarios analysis processes.                  preparation of such data, all emissions data or references to
                    There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult             emissions volumes (including ratios or percentages) in this
                    to predict which, if any, of the scenarios might eventuate. Scenarios                 presentation are estimates. Where data is not available due to
                    do not constitute definitive outcomes or probabilities, and scenario                  timing, Origin applies a reasonable estimation methodology. Where
                    analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to                    applicable, Origin revises prior year data to update prior estimates
                    be, correct and may or may not eventuate. Scenarios may also be                       and align with external reporting requirements such as NGER.
                    impacted by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.
                    Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, affiliates and
                                                                                                          Enforceable Undertaking with SafeWork NSW
                    associated companies (or any of their respective officers, employees                  In March 2020 an explosion and fire occurred at Origin Energy’s
                    or agents) (the ‘Relevant Persons’) makes any representation,                         Minto LPG Terminal, New South Wales while a worker was filling
                    assurance or guarantee as to the accuracy, completeness or                            LPG cylinders. No injuries were sustained. On 10 August 2023,
                    likelihood of fulfilment of any forward looking statement any                         SafeWork NSW accepted an Enforceable Undertaking (EU) from
                    assumption on which a forward looking statement is based. The                         Origin Energy LPG Limited (ACN 000 508 369) (Origin Energy LPG)
                    forward looking statements in this OFR reflect views held only at                     in accordance with Part 11 of the Work Health and Safety Act 2011.
                    the date of this report and except as required by applicable law, the
                    Relevant Persons disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly                   The EU requires Origin Energy LPG to carry out the following
                    update any forward looking statements whether as a result of new                      key actions to deliver benefits to the workplace, industry and
                    information or future events.                                                         the community:

                    Information on likely developments in the Company’s business                          •     hosting a series of workplace and community events which will
                    strategies, prospects and operations for future financial years                             seek to prevent and reduce psychosocial risks in the workplace
                    and the expected results that could result in unreasonable                                  and the community, promoting awareness of mental health and
                    prejudice to the Company (for example, information that is                                  early preventative measures;
                    commercially sensitive, confidential or could give a third party a                    •     developing guidance materials for industry and community
                    commercial advantage) has not been included in this OFR. The                                regarding safely working with or in the vicinity of gas cylinders,
                    categories of information omitted include forward-looking estimates                         tanks, gas systems and gas appliances that may be affected by
                    and projections prepared for internal management purposes,                                  major flood or storm events; and
                    information regarding the Company’s operations and projects,                          •     engaging subject matter experts to develop updated industry
                    which are developing and susceptible to change, and information                             guidance on hazards, risks and control measures in relation to
                    relating to commercial contracts.                                                           electrostatic discharge as a potential ignition source for LPG or
                                                                                                                LPG vapour.
                    Non-IFRS financial measures
                                                                                                          This disclosure has been made under the terms of the EU and
                    This OFR and Directors’ Report refers to Origin’s financial
                                                                                                          acknowledges acceptance of the EU by Origin Energy LPG .
                    results, including Origin’s Statutory Profit and Underlying Profit.
                    Origin’s Statutory Profit contains a number of items that when
                    excluded provide a different perspective on the financial and
                    operational performance of the business. Income Statement
                    amounts, presented on an underlying basis such as Underlying
                    Profit, are non-IFRS financial measures, and exclude the impact of
                    these items consistent with the manner in which senior management
                    reviews the financial and operating performance of the business.
                    Each underlying measure disclosed has been adjusted to remove
                    the impact of these items on a consistent basis. A reconciliation and
                    description of the items that contribute to the difference between

                    21
                         National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting NGER (cleanenergyregulator.gov.au)
                    22
                         Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard | Greenhouse Gas Protocol (ghgprotocol.org)
                    23
                         Scope 3 Calculation Guidance | Greenhouse Gas Protocol (ghgprotocol.org)
                        52                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                    Appendix

                    1 Deferred Tax Liability - investment in APLNG
                    There is an unrecognised deferred tax liability in respect of our investment in APLNG because the accounting cost base of the investment
                    is higher than the tax cost base. The accounting carrying value has been augmented, primarily as a result of our equity accounted share of
                    retained profits to date, while the tax cost base reflects only the cash outlaid.
                    Consistent with accounting standards, the deferred tax liability has not been recognised historically because
                    1. Origin is able to control the timing of distributions from APLNG which would reverse the temporary difference; and
                    2. It has not been probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future via dividends paid from current retained
                       earnings, capital returns or a disposal.
                    As it had become probable in FY2021 that APLNG would begin to distribute cash to shareholders via dividends in the coming years, Origin




For personal use only
                    recognised a deferred tax liability. Recognition of the deferred tax liability only impacts the timing of accounting for the tax expense and has
                    no impact on the underlying economics or cash flows.
                    During the year, the unfranked ordinary dividends of $1,783 million were received from APLNG.
                    The unfranked dividends received during the year were higher than our share of equity accounted income of $1,184 million, which means the
                    excess has been paid out of prior year profits.
                    The proportion paid from current year earnings gave rise to a tax expense of $355 million and the balance paid out of prior year profits resulted
                    in the partial utilisation of previously recognised deferred tax liability of $180 million.
                    As at 30 June 2023, we have a deferred tax liability on the balance sheet of $528 million, representing 30 per cent of the dividends expected
                    to be paid by APLNG in the foreseeable future from the carried forward equity accounted earnings based on current market assumptions,
                    including future oil prices, in respect of our interest of 27.5 per cent.
                    There is a remaining unrecognised deferred tax liability at 30 June 2023 of $759 million which may be partly or fully recognised in the future.


                    2 Accounting for large-scale generation certificate trading strategy
                    Supply and demand for large-scale generation certificates (LGCs) is driven by the rate of new renewable projects coming online, voluntary
                    demand for carbon offsets as well as the compliance obligations under the Large-scale Renewable Energy Target (LRET). Renewable project
                    delays and generation curtailments have led to a near-term tightening of the LGC market. However, it is expected that the 33 TWh legislated
                    target will be exceeded and longer term the market will be oversupplied. The Clean Energy Regulator has acknowledged this and provides
                    the option for parties to shift demand from periods of tight supply by deferring the surrender of certificates to later years. Under the scheme,
                    parties can defer up to 10 per cent of their obligation at no additional cost and can defer more than 10 per cent by incurring a shortfall charge of
                    $65 per certificate that is refundable provided the LGCs are surrendered within three years. Refunds are now non-assessable for tax following
                    legislative change and aligns with the non-deductible treatment of the shortfall charge.
                    This presents an economic opportunity with the LGC forward curve in backwardation and Origin has elected to defer surrender of
                    2.5 million CY2020 certificates in February 2021, 3.6 million CY2021 certificates in February 2022, and 3.2 million CY2022 certificates in
                    February 2023.
                    During FY2023, a shortfall charge of $206 million was paid in relation to CY2022 certificates of which $92 million was accrued in FY2022.
                    Included in the FY2023 Underlying Profit is a cost of $38 million, reflecting the estimated future surrender cost, based on a weighted average
                    of the current forward price and purchases to date, comprising:
                    •    1.4 million CY2022 certificates recorded in FY2022 repriced from $14 to $18;
                    •    1.8 million CY2022 certificates at $18 per certificate.
                    The balance of $76 million is excluded from Underlying Profit.
                    Over FY2024 to FY2026 we will receive a net cash refund of $425 million, representing the shortfall charge paid less the actual cost of
                    the certificates:
                    •    $114 million in FY2024;
                    •    $163 million in FY2025;
                    •    $148 million in FY2026.
                    Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                           53




                                                                                                                         Statutory    Adjustment    Underlying
                                                                                                                             Profit         ($m)        Profit
                                                                                                                              ($m)                       ($m)
                        CY2020 and CY2021 certificates shortfall
                        Shortfall charge (~4.1 million certificates x $65; $160 million paid and $102 million accrued)       (262)          262             -
                        Expected surrender cost (~2.5 million CY2020 certificates x $19)                                         -          (46)          (46)
                        Expected surrender cost (~1.6 million CY2021 certificates x $12)                                         -          (18)          (18)
                        FY2021 impact                                                                                        (262)          198           (64)


                        Reassessment of FY2021 impact, remaining CY2021 certificates shortfall and CY2022
                        certificates shortfall
                        Shortfall charge accrued (~3.5 million certificates x $65; $236 million paid and
                                                                                                                             (225)          225             -
                        $92 million accrued)




For personal use only
                        Reassessment of CY2021 shortfall recorded in FY2021 (~1.6 million certificates x $8)                     -          (13)          (13)
                        Expected surrender cost (~2 million CY2021 certificates x $20)                                           -           (41)         (41)
                        Expected surrender cost (~1.4 million CY2022 certificates x $14)                                         -          (20)          (20)
                        FY2022 impact                                                                                        (225)          151           (74)


                        Reassessment of FY2022 impact and remaining CY2022 certificates shortfall
                        Shortfall charge accrued (~1.8 million certificates x $65; $206 million paid)                         (114)         114             -
                        Reassessment of CY2022 shortfall recorded in FY2022 (~1.4 million certificates x $4)                     -           (6)           (6)
                        Expected surrender cost (~1.8 million CY2022 certificates x $18)                                         -          (32)          (32)
                        FY2023 impact                                                                                        (114)           76           (38)


                        CY2020 certificates surrender
                        Surrender (~2.5 million certificates x $19)                                                           (46)           46             -
                        Shortfall refund (~2.5 million certificates x $65)                                                    160          (160)            -
                        FY2024 impact                                                                                         114          (114)            -


                        CY2021 certificates surrender
                        Surrender (~3.6 million certificates x $20)                                                           (72)           72             -
                        Shortfall refund (~3.6 million certificates x $65)                                                    235          (235)            -
                        FY2025 impact                                                                                         163          (163)            -


                        CY2022 certificates surrender
                        Surrender (~3.2 million certificates x $14)                                                           (58)           58             -
                        Shortfall refund (~3.2 million certificates x $65)                                                    206          (206)            -
                        FY2026 impact                                                                                         148          (148)            -


                        Total cost of ~9.3 million certificates                                                              (177)             -         (177)
                        54                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                    Directors’ Report
                    For the year ended 30 June 2023


                    In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Directors           b. In respect of the current financial year, the Directors have
                    of Origin Energy Limited (Company) report on the Company                       determined a final dividend as follows:
                    and the consolidated entity Origin Energy Group (Origin), being
                    the Company and its controlled entities for the year ended
                                                                                                                                    $ million
                    30 June 2023.
                                                                                                20 cents per ordinary share,          345
                    The Operating and Financial Review and Remuneration Report form             fully franked, for the full year
                    part of this Directors’ Report.                                             ended 30 June 2023 payable
                                                                                                29 September 2023

                    1 Principal activities, review of                                           The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will not operate for the
                      operations and significant change in                                      FY2023 final dividend.
                      state of affairs
                                                                                                4 Directors and Company Secretary




For personal use only
                    During the year, the principal activity of Origin was the operation of
                    energy businesses including exploration and production of natural           The Directors of the Company at any time during or since the end
                    gas, electricity generation, wholesale and retail sale of electricity and   of the financial year, their qualifications, experience and special
                    gas, and sale of liquefied natural gas. There have been no significant      responsibilities are set out on pages 6 and 7. The qualifications and
                    changes in the nature of those activities during the year and no            experience of the Company Secretary is also set out below:
                    significant changes in the state of affairs of the Company during
                    the year.                                                                   Scott Perkins
                                                                                                Independent Non-executive Chair
                    The Operating and Financial Review, which forms part of this
                    Directors’ Report, contains a review of operations during the               Frank Calabria
                    year and the results of those operations, the financial position of         Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                    Origin, its business strategies, and prospects for future financial         Ilana Atlas
                    years, including likely developments in Origin’s operations in future       Independent Non-executive Director
                    financial years and the expected results of those operations.
                                                                                                Maxine Brenner
                                                                                                Independent Non-executive Director
                    2 Events subsequent to balance date                                         Greg Lalicker
                                                                                                Independent Non-executive Director
                    Other than the matters described below, no matters or
                    circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2023, which have                    Mick McCormack
                    significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the Company’s          Independent Non-executive Director
                    operations, the results of those operations or the Company’s state of       Bruce Morgan
                    affairs in future financial years.                                          (retired 19 October 2022)
                    On 17 August 2023, the Directors determined a final dividend of 20          Independent Non-executive Director
                    cents per share, fully franked, on ordinary shares. The dividend will       Steven Sargent
                    be paid on 29 September 2023.                                               Independent Non-executive Director
                    On 18 July 2023 the directors of APLNG determined unfranked                 Nora Scheinkestel
                    dividends to be paid to shareholders. Origin received unfranked             Independent Non-executive Director
                    dividends from APLNG of US$65 million (A$98 million) on
                    26 July 2023.                                                               Joan Withers
                                                                                                Independent Non-executive Director
                    On 15 August 2023 the directors of APLNG determined further
                    unfranked dividends to be paid to shareholders. Origin expects to           Helen Hardy
                    receive US$115 million on 29 August 2023.                                   Company Secretary
                                                                                                Helen Hardy joined Origin in March 2010. She was previously
                                                                                                General Manager, Company Secretariat of a large ASX-listed
                    3 Dividends                                                                 company, and has advised on governance, financial reporting
                                                                                                and corporate law at PwC and Freehills. Helen is a Chartered
                    a. Dividends paid during the year by the Company were as follows:
                                                                                                Accountant, Chartered Secretary and a Graduate Member of the
                                                                                                Australian Institute of Company Directors. Helen is a Director of the
                                                                $ million                       Governance Institute of Australia and a member of its Legislative
                        16.5 cents per ordinary share,           284
                                                                                                Review Committee. She holds a Bachelor of Laws and a Bachelor of
                        partially franked to 75 per cent, for                                   Commerce from the University of Melbourne, a Graduate Diploma in
                        the full year ended 30 June 2022,                                       Applied Corporate Governance and is admitted to legal practice in
                        paid on 30 September 2022                                               New South Wales and Victoria.
                        16.5 cents per ordinary share,           284
                        fully franked, for the half year
                        ended 31 December 2022, paid on
                        24 March 2023
                    Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                                                                                      55




                    5 Directors' meetings
                    The number of Directors’ meetings, including Board committee meetings, and the number of meetings attended by each Director during the
                    financial year, are shown in the table below:

                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration,
                                                                                                                               Safety &                     People &
                                                                  Scheduled         Additional                   Audit       Sustainability Nomination       Culture           Risk
                        Directors                                  H1       A2      H1          A2          H1       A2        H1    A2     H1       A2     H1     A2     H1          A2
                        I Atlas                                    9        9       11          10           -           -     -     -       -       -      5      5      5           5
                        M Brenner                                  9        9       11          10           4       4         5     5       2       2      -      -      5           5
                        F Calabria                                 9        9       11          11           -           -     5     5       -       -      -      -      -           -
                        G Lalicker                                 9        9       11          10           -           -     5     5       -       -      -      -      -           -




For personal use only
                        B Morgan3                                  3        3        2          2            1           1     -     -       1       1      -      -      2           2
                        M McCormack                                9        9       11          11           4       4         5     5       -       -      5      5      -           -
                        S Perkins                                  9        9       11          11           4       4         5     5       2       2      5      5      5           5
                        S Sargent                                  9        9       11          11           -           -     5     5       2       2      5      5      5           5
                        N Scheinkestel                             9        9       11          11           4       4         -     -       2       1      -      -      5           4
                        J Withers                                  9        9       11          9            4       4         -     -       2       2      -      -      5           5

                    1 Number of meetings held during the time that the Director held office or was a member of the Committee during the year.
                    2 Number of meetings attended.
                    3 Prior to the date of retirement on 19 October 2022.


                    The Board held nine scheduled meetings, including an annual strategic review and eleven additional meetings to deal with urgent matters.
                    There were also two scheduled workshops. In addition, the Board conducted in-person and virtual visits of Company operations at various
                    sites and met with operational management during the year.


                    6 Directors’ interests in shares, Options and Rights
                    The relevant interests of each Director as at 30 June 2023 in the shares and Rights over such instruments issued by the companies within
                    the consolidated entity and other related bodies corporate at the date of this report are set out below. There are no outstanding options
                    over shares.

                                                   Ordinary shares held                              Restricted      Performance Share Rights                Restricted Share Rights
                        Director                  directly and indirectly                                shares      (PSR) over ordinary shares            (RSR) over ordinary shares
                        I Atlas                                         50,000                               -                                   -                                         -
                        M Brenner                                       28,367                               -                                   -                                         -
                        F Calabria                                     886,642                        463,071                             618,3851                             618,3811
                        G Lalicker                                  100,000                                  -                                   -                                         -
                        M McCormack                                 100,000                                  -                                   -                                         -
                        S Perkins                                      80,000                                -                                   -                                         -
                        S Sargent                                       41,429                               -                                   -                                         -
                        N Scheinkestel                                  33,365                               -
                        J Withers                                       29,980                               -                                   -                                         -

                    1 The exercise price for Rights is nil. There are no outstanding Options.


                    No Director other than the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer participates in the Company’s Equity Incentive Plan.
                        56                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                    Securities granted by Origin
                    Non-executive Directors do not receive Options or Rights as part of their remuneration. Non-executive Directors are eligible to participate in
                    the Non-executive Director Share Plan (NEDSP) which is a fee sacrifice plan. During the year, one allocation and vesting of Rights occurred
                    as a result of a Non-executive Director electing to participate in the NEDSP in FY22. No new participants entered the NEDSP and no further
                    fees sacrifice was made by the existing participant in FY23.
                    The following securities were granted to the five most highly remunerated officers (other than Directors) of the Company during the year
                    ended 30 June 2023:

                                                                                                              Performance              Restricted
                                                                                                              Share Rights          Share Rights
                                                                                           Restricted            (PSR) over           (RSR) over        Matching Share        Employee Share
                                                                                              Shares        ordinary shares       ordinary shares          Plan Rights1          Plan Shares
                        J Briskin                                                              90,819                65,002                65,004                     367                       -




For personal use only
                        G Jarvis                                                               93,268                 65,748                65,751                    367                       -
                        A Lucas                                                                61,348                 61,067                61,068                        -                  161
                        A Thornton                                                           100,836                  61,883                61,881                    367                       -
                        L Tremaine                                                             110,146                73,281                73,281                    367                       -

                    1 Matching Share Plan Rights were granted in accordance with the Employee Share Plan rules and disclosed to the ASX at the time of grant. The Employee Share Plan is available
                         to all eligible Origin employees. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer is not eligible to participate in the Employee Share Plan. The Employee Share Plan was
                         suspended from 1 April 2023. Refer to Section 3.7 of the Remuneration Report for further details.


                    The awards of Restricted Shares, Performance Share Rights, and Restricted Share Rights were made in accordance with the Company’s Equity
                    Incentive Plan as part of the relevant Executive’s remuneration. Further details on Rights granted during the financial year, and unissued shares
                    under Rights, are included in Section 7 of the Remuneration Report.
                    No Options or Rights were granted since the end of the financial year.

                    Origin shares issued on the exercise of Options and Rights
                    Options
                    No Options granted under the Equity Incentive Plan were exercised during or since the year ended 30 June 2023, so no ordinary shares in
                    Origin were issued as a result.

                    Rights
                    814,297 ordinary shares of Origin were allocated from the Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust during the year ended 30 June 2023
                    on the vesting and exercise of PSRs under the Equity Incentive Plan, vesting and exercise of Matching Share Plan Rights granted under the
                    Employee Share Plan and vesting and exercising of Rights under the Non-executive Director Share Plan. No amounts were payable on the
                    vesting of these PSRs and Matching Share Plan Rights and, accordingly, no amounts remain unpaid in respect of any of those shares.
                    Since 30 June 2023, 3,389 ordinary shares were allocated from the Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust on the vesting of Matching
                    Share Plan Rights granted under the Employee Share Plan.
                    All shares in the Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust were purchased on market.


                    7 Environmental regulation and performance
                    The Company’s operations are subject to environmental regulation under Commonwealth, State and Territory legislation. For the year ended
                    30 June 2023, the Company notified 24 environmental reportable incidents to the relevant regulators (Integrated Gas: 13 and Energy
                    Supply and Operations: 11). All of these incidents resulted in minor environmental consequences with the appropriate level of investigation
                    undertaken. All incidents are investigated, and lessons learned captured and shared across the Company. Integrated Gas received one Formal
                    Warning Letter and three Compliance Notices because of these incidents.
                    During the year ended 30 June 2023, Integrated Gas received two Prosecutions, one Penalty Infringement Notice, one Formal Warning Letter
                    and three Compliance Notices from the Department of Environmental Science and Department of Resources in Queensland for previous
                    incidents and other compliance related matters. Within Energy Supply and Operations there was one Formal Warning Letter received.
                    Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                                                                 57




                    8 Indemnities and insurance for                                             10 Non-audit services
                      Directors and Officers                                                    The amounts paid or payable to EY for non-audit services provided
                                                                                                during the year was $840,000 (shown to the nearest thousand
                    Under its Constitution, the Company may indemnify current and
                                                                                                dollars). Amounts paid to EY are included in note G7 to the full
                    past Directors and Officers for losses or liabilities incurred by them as
                                                                                                financial statements.
                    a Director or Officer of the Company or its related bodies corporate
                    to the extent allowed under law. The Constitution also permits              Based on written advice received from the Audit Committee Chair
                    the Company to purchase and maintain a Directors’ and Officers’             pursuant to a resolution passed by the Audit Committee, the
                    insurance policy. No indemnity has been granted to an auditor of the        Board has formed the view that the provision of those non-audit
                    Company in their capacity as auditor of the Company.                        services by EY is compatible with, and did not compromise, the
                                                                                                general standards of independence for auditors imposed by the
                    The Company has entered into agreements with current Directors
                                                                                                Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
                    and certain former Directors whereby it will indemnify those
                    Directors from all losses or liabilities in accordance with the terms of,   The Board’s reasons for concluding that the non-audit services




For personal use only
                    and subject to the limits set by, the Constitution.                         provided by EY did not compromise its independence are:
                    The agreements stipulate that the Company will meet the full                •   all non-audit services provided were subjected to the Company’s
                    amount of any such liability, including costs and expenses to                   corporate governance procedures and were either below the
                    the extent allowed under law. The Company is not aware of any                   pre- approved limits imposed by the Audit Committee or
                    liability having arisen, and no claim has been made against the                 separately approved by the Audit Committee;
                    Company during or since the year ended 30 June 2023 under                   •   all non-audit services provided did not, and do not, undermine
                    these agreements.                                                               the general principles relating to auditor independence as they
                    During the year, the Company has paid insurance premiums in                     did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work,
                    respect of Directors’ and Officers’ liability, and legal expense                acting in a management or decision making capacity for the
                    insurance contracts for the year ended 30 June 2023.                            Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly
                                                                                                    sharing risks and rewards; and
                    The insurance contracts insure against certain liability (subject to
                    exclusions) of persons who are or have been Directors or Officers of        •   there were no known conflict of interest situations nor any
                    the Company and its controlled entities. A condition of the contracts           other circumstance arising out of a relationship between Origin
                    is that the nature of the liability indemnified and the premium                 (including its Directors and Officers) and EY which may impact
                    payable not be disclosed.                                                       on auditor independence.


                    9 Auditor independence                                                      11 Proceedings on behalf of the
                                                                                                   Company
                    There is no former partner or director of EY, the Company’s auditors,
                    who is or was at any time during the year ended 30 June 2023                The Company is not aware of any proceedings being brought on
                    an officer of the Origin Energy Group. The auditor’s independence           behalf of the Company, nor any applications having been made in
                    declaration for the financial year (made under section 307C of              respect of the Company under section 237 of the Corporations Act
                    the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) is attached to and forms part of           2001 (Cth).
                    this Report.

                                                                                                12 Rounding of amounts
                                                                                                The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
                                                                                                (Rounding in Financial/ Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191
                                                                                                dated 24 March 2016 and, in accordance with that class order,
                                                                                                amounts in the financial report and Directors’ Report have been
                                                                                                rounded off to the nearest million dollars unless otherwise stated.


                                                                                                13 Remuneration
                                                                                                The Remuneration Report forms part of this Directors’ Report.
                        58                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                    Remuneration
                    Report
                    For the year ended 30 June 2023


                    The Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (FY2023) forms part of the Directors’ Report. It has been prepared in accordance
                    with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Act) and Accounting Standards, audited as required by section 308(3C) of the Act.


                    Letter from the Chairman of the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee
                    Dear Shareholder
                    On behalf of the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee (RPCC) and the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration Report
                    for FY2023.
                    The Company has delivered strong results in a year characterised by extraordinary volatility of commodity prices in the early part of the year




For personal use only
                    and a changing regulatory environment. The results were driven by a recovery in earnings from Energy Markets and higher contributions from
                    Octopus Energy and Integrated Gas. Energy Markets earnings increased as higher wholesale prices flowed into customer tariffs. Octopus
                    Energy earnings increased due to the growth in retail customer accounts and the reset of regulated tariffs in the UK. In Integrated Gas,
                    higher global oil prices resulted in record revenue for Australia Pacific LNG during the period. Throughout the year, the management team
                    maintained its focus on executing the clear strategies to lead the energy transition, managing risks and ensuring reliable supply.


                    FY2023 remuneration outcomes
                    As foreshadowed in the FY2022 Remuneration Report, following comprehensive benchmarking the Fixed Remuneration (FR) of the CEO was
                    increased by 4.0 per cent at the start of FY2023. The FR of other Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP) increased by an average of
                    3.5 per cent, which is slightly less than adjustments applied to staff across the organisation more generally.
                    There were no changes to the variable pay structure or opportunity levels for executives in FY2023. Details regarding the Short Term Incentive
                    Plan (STIP) and Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) variable pay arrangements are provided in Sections 3.4 and 3.5 respectively.
                    Remuneration outcomes reflected the strength of operational and financial performance. In summary:
                    •    Scorecard outcomes for the Short Term Incentive Plan (STIP) were 75.3 per cent of the maximum for the CEO, and ranged from
                         74.0 per cent to 90.2 per cent of the maximum for Other Executive KMP. The aggregate Executive KMP outcome was 79.3 per cent of the
                         maximum, reflecting the solid results for the year. Further details are provided in Sections 4.2.1 to 4.2.3.
                    •    Long Term Incentive (LTI) awards tested during the year vested partially (16.0 per cent), based on the outcomes of four separate tests
                         on awards that were granted in the calendar years 2017 and 2019. Full details are provided in Section 4.2.4. Partial vests for each of
                         the last three years (following eight years of consecutive zero vests) reflect recent improvements in Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)
                         performance, and (as noted below) recent improvements in Total Shareholder Return (TSR) will be reflected in full LTIP vesting during
                         FY2024. These trends reflect consistent and strong improvements in long-term performance over the last four years.
                    On 9 November 2022, the Company received an indicative, conditional and non-binding proposal from a Consortium consisting of Brookfield
                    and MidOcean Energy (an LNG company managed by EIG) to acquire all the issued shares in the Company by way of a scheme of
                    arrangement and on 27 March 2023 executed a binding Scheme Implementation Deed (SID) in relation to the proposed scheme of
                    arrangement (Scheme). The Scheme remains subject to various conditions, including that Origin shareholders approve it at a meeting of
                    shareholders and that it receives court and regulatory approvals. Following receipt of the proposal, targeted retention arrangements were put
                    in place during December 2022 that covered 232 employees (at a conditional total value of $17 million) deemed critical to continuing safe
                    operations, including one member of the Executive KMP. See Section 3.7 for more details.


                    Remuneration for FY2024
                    Each year, the RPCC considers the remuneration framework’s continuing appropriateness in terms of Origin’s strategies and priorities. It also
                    considers the framework’s effectiveness and capacity to provide realisable remuneration that attracts and keeps the right people, drives their
                    focus and rewards execution.
                    While the Board concluded this year that the current framework and policy settings remain balanced and appropriate, the operation of the
                    equity components of the STIP and LTIP has been impacted by the execution of the SID. Remuneration arrangements relating to the Scheme
                    will be set out in a separate scheme booklet that will be provided to shareholders at the appropriate time. However, some changes to Origin’s
                    remuneration approach for FY2024 were also necessary because of the proposed Scheme. Since the proposal was announced, Origin’s
                    share price has become reflective of the proposed bid price. This impacts the assessment of performance, particularly in relation to the
                    use of a Relative TSR hurdle, which has been used historically within Origin’s LTIP. Further, the Scheme requires that no equity incentives
                    (including share rights and restricted shares) remain on foot after implementation of the Scheme, and the usual performance and deferral
                    periods associated with Origin’s equity incentives are beyond the likely timing of the proposed Scheme. Accordingly, the Board has approved
                    the following changes:
                    •    Deferred STI – the FY2023 Deferred STI award (to be granted in September 2023) will be made in the form of Deferred Cash, subject to
                         the usual deferral periods. See Section 3.4 for further details.
                    •    LTIP – the LTIP award (also to be granted in September 2023) will be made in the form of Deferred Cash, subject to a three-year deferral.
                         Further, it will be granted at a level equivalent to 75 per cent of the current opportunity level. It will also be subject to financial and
                         non-financial underpin conditions. See Section 3.5 for more details.
                    There are no other changes planned to the remuneration framework for FY2024.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                           59




                    There will be no changes to the structure or level of Non-executive Directors (NED) fees for FY2024.
                    Increases to FR in FY2024 for Executive KMP will be around 4.0 per cent, which is in line with employees from the wider organisation who
                    participate in annual market reviews. This includes the legislated increase to the Superannuation Guarantee Levy effective from 1 July 2023
                    and is consistent with prevailing market movements, economic conditions and benchmarks.
                    LTI vests that will occur during FY2024 include those for awards granted in November 2020. These awards will vest in full commencing at
                    the end of August 2023. Further details are provided in Section 4.2.4.
                    The Board’s view is that the remuneration outcomes over the last few years have appropriately aligned with business performance and
                    shareholder experience, as intended by the remuneration framework design.




For personal use only
                    Steven Sargent
                    Chairman, Remuneration, People and Culture Committee
                        60                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                    Report structure
                    The Remuneration Report is divided into the following sections:


                        1. Key Management Personnel
                        2. Remuneration link with Company performance and strategy
                        3. Remuneration framework details
                        4. Company performance and remuneration outcomes
                        5. Governance
                        6. Non-executive Director fees
                        7. Statutory tables and disclosures




For personal use only
                    1 Key Management Personnel
                    The Remuneration Report discloses the remuneration arrangements and outcomes for the people listed below, who are KMP, as defined by
                    AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures. Members of the RPCC are identified in the last column.

                                                                                                                                 Term as KMP
                                                 Name             Role                                Appointed      Retired                     RPCC
                                                                                                                                   in FY2023
                                                 S Perkins        Chairman, Independent               20-Oct-20                           Full     ✓
                                                 I Atlas          Independent                          19-Feb-21                          Full     ✓
                                                 M Brenner        Independent                         15-Nov-13                           Full




                         Non-executive
                                                 G Lalicker       Independent                           1-Mar-19                          Full


                                         Board
                                                 M McCormack      Independent                         18-Dec-20                           Full     ✓
                                                 B Morgan         Independent                         16-Nov-12    19-Oct-22              Part
                                                 S Sargent        Independent                         29-May-15                           Full   Chair
                                                 N Scheinkestel   Independent                          4-Mar-22                           Full
                                                 J Withers        Independent                         21-Oct-20                           Full
                                                 F Calabria       Chief Executive Officer (CEO)        19-Oct-16                          Full



                         Executive
                                                 L Tremaine       Chief Financial Officer (CFO)        10-Jul-17                          Full
                                                 J Briskin        Executive General Manager, Retail    5-Dec-16                           Full
                                                                  Executive General Manager, Energy
                                                 G Jarvis                                              5-Dec-16                           Full
                                                                  Supply and Operations
                                                                  Executive General Manager,
                                                 A Thornton                                            1-Nov-21                           Full
                                                                  Integrated Gas


                    The term ‘Other Executive KMP’ (abbreviated as ‘Other’ in tables and charts) refers to Executive KMP excluding the CEO.
                    ‘Executive team’ is a broader reference to the Executive Leadership Team (ELT).
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                61




                    2 Remuneration link with Company performance and strategy

                    2.1 Overview of remuneration framework
                    Our remuneration framework is designed to support the Company’s strategy and to reward our people for its successful execution. It is
                    designed around three principles, which are summarised in the following table.

                        Remuneration                               Principles and purpose         Process                                                Delivery and timeline
                        component
                        Fixed                                      To attract and retain the      Takes into account the size and complexity of the      Cash salaries, employer contributions
                        Remuneration                               right people and pay fairly    role, and the skills and experience required for       to superannuation and salary sacrifice
                                                                   and competitively.             success in the role.                                   benefits paid continuously throughout
                        (FR)
                                                                                                                                                         each year.
                                                                                                  All market-remunerated roles are benchmarked at




For personal use only
                                                                                                  least annually to the median (between P40 and
                                                                                                  P60) of corresponding roles in organisations with
                                                                                                  comparable activity and scale, and with which Origin
                                                                                                  competes for talent.
                                                       Short Term To drive focus and              Performance is tested at the end of a one-year         Awarded annually; 50% in cash payable
                                                       Incentive  discretionary effort.           performance period.                                    in September following the end of the
                                                       Plan                                                                                              financial year, and 50% deferred for two
                                                                                                  It is measured and assessed against a balanced
                                                                                                                                                         years following the cash payment.
                                                       (STIP)                                     scorecard, usually comprising up to 10 metrics
                                                                                                  (accounting for 60% financial and 40% strategic        Deferred elements awarded in August–
                                                                                                  priorities), each with targets set at threshold,       September 2022 (in respect of
                                                                                                  expected (target) and stretch (maximum) levels.        FY2022 performance) were in the form
                                                                                                  The overall scorecard outcome for each participant     of Restricted Shares (restricted for
                                                                                                  determines the proportion of the opportunity           two years).
                                                                                                  that will be paid (up to a maximum of 100%
                                                                                                                                                         The whole of the STI award is forfeited
                                                                                                  of the executive’s opportunity level). Threshold
                                                                                                                                                         for resignation/cause prior to payment,
                                                                                                  performance scores 20% of stretch, and target
                                                                                                                                                         the deferred element is forfeited for
                                                                                                  is defined as 60% of stretch (i.e. stretch is 167%
                                                                                                                                                         resignation/cause prior to release, and
                                                                                                  of target).
                                                                                                                                                         both elements are subject to clawback.
                                                                                                  For Executive KMP, the maximum opportunity
                                                                                                                                                       For FY2024 only: Deferred elements to
                                                                                                  level is equivalent to 167% of FR (or 100% FR at
                                                                                                                                                       be granted in August–September 2023
                                                                                                  target). For other members of the ELT, the maximum
                                                                                                                                                       (in respect of FY2023 performance) will
                                                                                                  is 125% FR (or 75% FR at target).
                                                                                                                                                       be in the form of Deferred Cash to be paid
                                                                                                  Results are subject to Board overview and discretion in August 2025.
                                                                                                  to adjust formulaic outcomes up (but no higher than




                        Variable Remuneration
                                                                                                  the opportunity level) or down (including to zero).
                                                       Long Term   To encourage focus on          Annual grants are made to executives based on their    For awards made in August–October
                                                       Incentive   long-term performance and      capacity to influence long-term outcomes. The          2022, the award was made at the unrisked
                                                (VR)   Plan        sustainability, and to build   awards are granted at the beginning of a three-        face value (120% FR for the CEO and
                                                                   executive share ownership in   year performance period, and may be deferred           80% FR for Other Executive KMP). One
                                                       (LTIP)
                                                                   the business.                  for up to five years (inclusive of the three-year      half was made conditional on Relative
                                                                                                  performance period).                                   TSR performance (delivered in the form
                                                                                                                                                         of Performance Share Rights (PSRs),
                                                                                                  For the CEO, the unrisked face value of the grant
                                                                                                                                                         vesting at the end of the performance
                                                                                                  is equivalent to 120% FR, with a risked value1 of
                                                                                                                                                         period) and the other half on a suite
                                                                                                  90% FR. For Other Executive KMP and other
                                                                                                                                                         of underpinning metrics (delivered in
                                                                                                  members of the ELT, the unrisked face value is 80%
                                                                                                                                                         the form of Restricted Share Rights,
                                                                                                  (risked value 60% FR).
                                                                                                                                                         vesting over three to five years). Vested
                                                                                                                                                         rights were allocated into Restricted
                                                                                                                                                         Shares, with total deferrals (including
                                                                                                                                                         performance period) of five years.
                                                                                                                                                         Awards are forfeited for pre-vest
                                                                                                                                                         resignation/cause and subject to
                                                                                                                                                         post-vest clawback.
                                                                                                                                                         For FY2024 only: For awards to be
                                                                                                                                                         made in August–September 2023, the
                                                                                                                                                         award will be made at the risked value1
                                                                                                                                                         (90% FR for the CEO and 60% FR for
                                                                                                                                                         other executives), conditional on a suite
                                                                                                                                                         of underpinning metrics over FY2024,
                                                                                                                                                         FY2025 and FY2026, and is to be
                                                                                                                                                         paid in the form of Deferred Cash in
                                                                                                                                                         August 2026.

                    1 See Section 3.2 for an explanation of risked value.
                        62                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                    2.2 Board oversight
                    Remuneration outcomes are subject to Board oversight and strong governance controls, as set out in Section 5.3. Origin believes that
                    observance of its values and leadership behaviours, and the quality of its relationships with its customers and the community, are inextricably
                    linked to the creation of shareholder value. Prior to making remuneration determinations, the full Board conducts formal reviews of
                    management that incorporate individual performance, risk management and leadership behaviours. The Board may adjust variable outcomes
                    up or down.


                    2.3 Minimum Shareholding Requirement for Executive Key Management Personnel
                    A key objective of the remuneration framework is to promote employee share ownership and to encourage employees to think and act as
                    owners. Equity is therefore a key element of remuneration, representing half of STI awards and the whole of LTI awards. This is supplemented
                    by other share plan arrangements, including salary sacrifice, share purchase and matching plans (see Section 3.7).
                    Executive KMP are required to build and maintain a substantial shareholding in the Company (that is, the Minimum Shareholding Requirement




For personal use only
                    (MSR)). Executives are not expected to purchase shares to meet the requirement. The MSR operates as an additional trading restriction,
                    which prevents the disposal of shares that have been generated from executive share plans (other than to cover arising tax liabilities)
                    until the MSR has been achieved and maintained. The requirement would normally be achieved within four years of the first equity grant
                    following appointment.
                    The MSR is referenced to one of two nominal multiples of FR, one for the CEO and one applicable to all Other Executive KMP. Following
                    changes to the LTIP in August 2020, the reference multiples are scheduled to increase from 200 per cent of the FR to 250 per cent of the FR
                    for the CEO, and from 100 per cent to 150 per cent of the FR for Other Executive KMP. The scheduled increase will be effective after August
                    2023, which is the earliest date the new plan can begin to impact vesting patterns.
                    For transparency, simplicity and practicability,1 the MSR is expressed as a number of shares rather than a dollar value. From time to time, the
                    Board changes this number, which is determined by taking into account changes in FR, changes to STI deferral or LTI opportunity levels, and
                    the medium-term share price trend. The current determinations of 620,000 shares (CEO) and 130,000 shares (Other Executive KMP) are
                    scheduled to increase to 720,000 and 160,000, respectively, in 2024.
                    Share rights awarded under incentive plans do not count towards the MSR obligation.
                    Table 7.4 (a) shows that the CEO and Executive KMP exceed both the current and FY2024 MSR requirements.




                    1
                        A practical consideration is that Executives periodically need to sell shares to meet Employee Share Scheme tax obligations. Any process of tagging shares for MSR according
                        to the share price of specific shares at grant or allocation (for example) would become exceedingly complex to track when parcels are disposed of according to other tags
                        (such as cost bases for capital gains tax purposes).
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                   63




                    3 Remuneration framework details

                    3.1 Fixed Remuneration
                    FR comprises cash salary, employer contributions to superannuation and salary sacrifice benefits. It takes into account the size and complexity
                    of the role, and the skills and experience required for success in the role.
                    FR is reviewed annually, but increases are not guaranteed. Roles are benchmarked to the median of corresponding roles in organisations
                    with comparable activity and scale, and with which Origin competes for talent.2 In the absence of special factors, new or newly promoted
                    incumbents generally commence below this reference point and move to the median over time. FR may be positioned above this reference
                    point where it is appropriate to reward sustained high performance, for key talent retention or where it is necessary to attract and secure key
                    skills to fill a business-critical role. Accordingly, the individual positioning may vary between approximately the 40th and 60th percentile of
                    the reference market.




For personal use only
                    3.2 Variable Remuneration
                    Variable Remuneration (VR) enables pay to be adjusted upwards or downwards, depending on whether performance outcomes exceed or
                    fall short of expectations. Unlike bonus systems that pay for performance above expectations but do not reduce pay where performance falls
                    short, VR does both. It is important to note that the total of FR plus VR is set and benchmarked such that the at target outcome represents
                    the satisfaction of expected performance.
                    VR comprises the total of STI and LTI:
                    •     The minimum VR is zero, where no STI or LTI is awarded, or where the STI scorecard outcome is zero and LTI is not awarded or all of it fails
                          to vest, or where discretion is exercised to reduce such awards or vesting outcomes to zero.
                    •     The target VR represents the total of STI when it is awarded at the target level (60 per cent of maximum), plus the risked value of LTI of the
                          share rights awarded at face value (the present-day value of the probabilistic vesting outcome). The risked value of the Performance Share
                                                                    3




                          Rights (PSRs) subject to a Relative TSR performance condition is 50 per cent of face value (supported by actuarial grant date valuations
                          over time). The risked value of Restricted Share Rights (RSRs) is considered for this purpose to be 100 per cent of face value. With the
                          same number of rights awarded equally, the overall risked value is therefore 75 per cent of the face value.
                          Accordingly, Target VR = (STI at 60 per cent of maximum) + (LTI at 75 per cent of face value allocation).
                    •     The maximum VR is the total of STI awarded at the maximum level, plus the full face value of all LTI assuming 100 per cent vesting.
                    VR outcomes are subject to Board oversight and discretionary adjustment, as summarised in Sections 4.2 and 5.3.
                    For LTI grants in FY2024 only, the LTI allocation will be granted in Deferred Cash rather than share rights. Accordingly it will be granted at
                    75 per cent of the level at which it would have been made had it been granted in the form of share rights. In this instance, the maximum LTI
                    value is reduced to, and is the same as, the target LTI value.


                    3.3 Total Remuneration
                    Total Remuneration (TR) is the sum of FR and VR.

                        TR at target (TRT)                                                                =          FR              +          target VR
                        TR maximum (TRM)                                                                  =          FR              +          maximum VR


                    TRT is benchmarked to the median of equivalent TRT in the reference market, with the intention that when Origin’s outcomes are at their
                    maximum possible (that is, TRM), they will be comparable to the top quartile of the reference TRT.




                    2
                         The prime reference is to ASX-listed organisations ranked between seven and 70 by average two-year market capitalisation (excluding foreign domiciles, listed investment
                         companies or similar), always including AGL, APA Group, Santos and Woodside.
                    3
                         The face value at the date of grant is represented by the share price on the date of grant. The face value of deferred equity elements (Deferred STI and LTI) is represented by
                         the current share price (present-day value) because it is not possible to predict future share prices.
                        64                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                    3.4 FY2023 Short Term Incentive Plan details
                    The following is a detailed description of the operation of the STIP.

                        Parameter                 Details
                        Award basis               The annual performance cycle is 1 July to 30 June. Individual balanced scorecards are agreed, with shared Group
                                                  objectives and targeted divisional objectives. Objectives are set across financial categories (generally 60 per cent of the
                                                  weightings) and non-financial categories (generally 40 per cent). The CEO’s FY2023 scorecard details and outcomes
                                                  are shown in Section 4.2.
                        Scorecard operation       Individual objectives on the scorecard are referenced to three performance levels: threshold, target and stretch (with
                                                  pro-rating between each).
                                                  Threshold performance represents the lower limit of rewardable outcome for an individual objective – one that
                                                  represents a satisfactory outcome, often achieving year-on-year improvement and contribution towards delivery of
                                                  annual plans, but falling short of the target level. Threshold performance yields 20 per cent of the maximum (33 per cent




For personal use only
                                                  of target).
                                                  Target represents the expectation for achieving robust annual plans, yielding 60 per cent of the maximum.
                                                  Stretch performance represents the delivery of exceptional outcomes well above expectations, yielding the maximum
                                                  payout (corresponding to 167 per cent of target).




                        Opportunity level         The opportunity level for FY2023 for all Executive KMP was unchanged at 100 per cent FR at target, with a capped
                                                  maximum of 167 per cent of FR.
                        Award calculation
                        and assessment




                                                  Achievement and performance against each Executive’s balanced scorecard is assessed annually as part of the
                                                  Company’s broader performance review process and is subject to Board oversight and adjustment as detailed in
                                                  Sections 2.2 and 5.3.
                        Delivery and timing       The STI award is delivered in two parts, a cash element and a deferred element, each representing half of the award. Both
                                                  elements are delivered shortly after the end of the financial year to which they relate. The deferred element is delivered
                                                  in the form of Restricted Shares (RSs), that are restricted for two years. The award is subject to forfeiture if the service
                                                  conditions are not met (as set out below).
                                                  For deferred awards to be granted in FY2024 only (noting that these awards relate to FY2023 performance), the
                                                  deferred element will be delivered in the form of Deferred Cash, deferred for two years (until July 2025).
                        RS allocation             Where the deferred element is granted in the form of RSs, the number of RSs = Deferred STI amount divided by the
                                                  30-day volume-weighted average price (VWAP) to 30 June of the performance year just completed, rounded to the
                                                  nearest whole number.
                        Service conditions and    Unless the Board determines otherwise:
                        cessation of employment
                                                  •   For resignation or dismissal with cause, the whole of an STI award is forfeited. Deferred elements from prior awards
                                                      that are within their restriction or deferral period are also forfeited.
                                                  •   In cases of death, disability, redundancy or genuine retirement (good leaver circumstances), to the extent that an STI
                                                      award is payable, it is delivered wholly in cash. Deferred elements from prior awards that are within their restriction
                                                      or deferral period remain on foot until the end of their restriction or deferral period.

                        Dividends                 As the STI has been earned and awarded, RSs carry dividend entitlements and voting rights.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                         65




                        Parameter                Details
                        Sourcing of RSs          The Board’s practice is to purchase shares on market, but it may issue shares or make the award in alternative forms,
                                                 including Deferred Cash.
                        Governance and MSR       After restrictions on RSs are lifted, trading is subject to the MSR (see Section 2.3), the Company’s Dealing in Securities
                                                 Policy, and to the malus and clawback provisions in Section 5.3.


                    3.5 FY2023 Long Term Incentive Plan details
                    The following is a detailed description of the operation of the LTIP.

                        Parameter                Details
                        Award basis              LTIP awards are conditional grants of equity that may vest in the future, subject to the meeting of performance
                                                 conditions and/or underpinning criteria, and subject also to the Executive meeting service and personal conduct and




For personal use only
                                                 performance requirements. Awards are considered annually for approximately 75 senior roles that have significant
                                                 influence on long-term company performance.
                        Opportunity and          The LTIP opportunity level reflects the capacity of the role to influence long-term sustainable growth and performance,
                        value range              and is set with reference to market benchmarks (see Section 3.2). Opportunity levels are expressed as a percentage of
                                                 FR (at the commencement of the financial year in which the grant is to be made) and in terms of the total face value of
                                                 the awards (that is, not discounted for risk).
                                                                   LTIP opportunity (percentage of FR)
                                                 Executive KMP                  Minimum                 Maximum
                                                 CEO                                0                      120
                                                 Other                              0                       80
                                                 Awards are granted at face value. The Board may determine that the allocation should be varied up or down; however,
                                                 in the normal course of events awards are granted at the maximum opportunity level (given that they are subject to
                                                 future performance and underpinning conditions, and are also subject to malus and clawback processes). The value of
                                                 an award is as follows:
                                                 •   The minimum value is zero (which will be the case if the award fails to vest, is forfeited or is not awarded).
                                                 •   The target value represents the risked or expected value of the maximum grant, taking into account the likelihood
                                                     of vesting (see Section 3.2).
                                                 •   The maximum value represents the present-day face value of the maximum grant, assuming that 100 per cent of the
                                                     grant vests, ignoring the risks of achieving performance conditions and of the service requirements.
                                                 The actual or realised value of an LTIP award depends on the level of vesting and the share price at the time of vesting,
                                                 neither of which can be determined in advance.
                        Vehicle, dividends and   LTIP awards are delivered in the form of share rights. The share rights do not carry any dividend or voting entitlements.
                        voting rights
                                                 Each vested share right represents a right to a fully paid ordinary share (as an RS) in the Company and such additional
                                                 shares equal to the value of dividends (as determined by the Board) in the period from grant to exercise on the
                                                 underlying share on a reinvested basis. The terms and conditions applying to the share rights or RSs also apply to the
                                                 dividend-equivalent amounts and shares. The Board retains a discretion to make a cash equivalent payment to settle the
                                                 dividend-equivalent amount in lieu of an allocation of shares. The share rights are granted at no cost because they are
                                                 awarded as remuneration.
                                                 No dividend or dividend-equivalents are received by participants on share rights during a vesting period, and none
                                                 are received on share rights that do not vest. Shares allocated upon vesting of rights (including rights to a dividend-
                                                 equivalent amount) carry the same dividend and voting rights as other shares (including while they are subject to a
                                                 holding lock).
                        Number and type of       The total number of share rights to be granted is calculated by taking the face value of the award being made and
                        share rights             dividing it by the 30-day VWAP of Origin shares to 30 June preceding the grant, rounded to the nearest whole number.
                                                 The award is divided into two halves, each with its own vesting conditions.
                                                 One half of the share rights is awarded as PSRs that are subject to a Relative TSR (RTSR) performance condition with a
                                                 conventional vesting scale.
                                                 The other half of the share rights is awarded as RSRs where vesting is subject to Board discretion with reference to a suite
                                                 of underpinning conditions as described below. The number of RSRs will be divisible by three because this tranche is
                                                 further divided into three equal parts, which vest progressively as described below.
                        66                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                        Parameter                        Details
                        Vesting and release              All of the share rights are deferred for five years.
                                                         The PSR tranche vests (subject to achievement against the RTSR vesting scale) into RSs at the end of the three-year
                                                         performance period, remaining under a holding lock for a further two years.
                                                         The RSR tranche vests (subject to Board discretion) progressively after three, four and five years. The part that vests after
                                                         three years is into RSs that remain under a two-year holding lock; the part vesting after four years is locked for a further
                                                         year; and the final part vests after five years into unrestricted shares.
                                                         The vesting dates corresponding to the three-year, four-year and five-year periods are determined as the second trading
                                                         day after the release of the respective full-year results. For awards granted in September and October 2022, these are
                                                         expected to be 26 August 2025, 25 August 2026 and 24 August 2027 (Release Date).
                                                         At all times before and after vesting, and after release from a holding lock, the share rights and shares remain subject to
                                                         malus and clawback provisions (Section 5.3). They may also be subject to trading restrictions arising from the MSR (see
                                                         Section 2.3) and from the Company’s Dealing in Securities Policy.




For personal use only
                        PSR tranche                      RTSR measures the Company’s TSR performance relative to a reference group of companies, assuming reinvestment of
                                                         dividends, measured over three financial years with vesting deferred for a further two years. It has been chosen because
                                                         it aligns Executive reward with shareholder returns. It rewards only when Origin outperforms the reference group; it
                                                         does not reward overall market uplifts. The market reference group is the S&P/ASX 50,1 representing a transparent and
                                                         widely understood group of companies with which Origin competes for investors, skills and talent. Narrower comparator
                                                         groups have not been chosen due to the small number of companies with investment profiles and operations similar to
                                                         those of Origin.
                                                         In calculating RTSR, share prices are determined using three-month VWAPs to the start and end of the
                                                         performance period.
                                                         Vesting occurs only if Origin’s TSR over the performance period ranks it higher than the 50th percentile of the group.
                                                         Half of the PSRs vest on satisfying that condition, and all of the PSRs vest if Origin ranks at or above the 75th percentile.
                                                         Straight-line pro-rata vesting applies between these two points.
                        RSR tranche                      In contrast to the PSR tranche, which is conditional on performance against a single external financial metric, the
                                                         RSR tranche is designed to vest in full unless there is a material deviation from Board expectations of performance
                                                         across approximately 30 key metrics. These metrics reflect the underlying health, performance and sustainability of the
                                                         Company and, since FY2021, are reported annually as the Key Sustainability Performance Measures in the Company's
                                                         annual Sustainability Report. They cover the four dimensions of Customer, Community, Planet (climate change and
                                                         environment) and People. If, at the review date for vesting, the Board considers management’s performance against the
                                                         totality of these underpinning indicators has not met its expectations, then it may reduce or cancel vesting accordingly.
                                                         Together, the PSR and RSR tranches provide a balance that incorporates a hard, single financial test with a holistic
                                                         assessment across the full range of performance areas that will position the Company for ongoing success. This
                                                         approach aligns management interests with those of shareholders and stakeholders by building Executive share
                                                         ownership and driving focus across the full range of key measures that align operations with long-term strategy.
                                                         The RSR vesting review process incorporates outcomes from the Executive Performance Review (described in
                                                         Section 5.3) and overall performance with reference to the underpinning indicators, in addition to risk and reputation
                                                         matters. Vesting decisions will be disclosed in the relevant Remuneration Report accompanied by a rationale for the
                                                         Board’s determinations.
                        Service conditions and           Unless the Board determines otherwise:
                        cessation of employment
                                                         •   For resignation or dismissal with cause, all share rights are forfeited.
                                                         •   In cases of death, disability, redundancy or genuine retirement (good leaver circumstances), share rights remain on
                                                             foot subject to their original terms and conditions (other than the continuing service condition).

                        Sourcing                         The Board’s preferred approach is to satisfy the vesting of share rights through the purchase of shares on market, but it
                                                         may issue shares or make the award in alternative forms, including cash or deferred cash.
                        Arrangements for                 LTI awards to be made in August–October 2023 will be in the form of Deferred Cash, as noted in the RPCC Chairman’s
                        FY2024 only                      introductory letter to this report. As noted in Section 3.2, the allocations will be at the target (risked) opportunity level.
                                                         For the CEO, this will be at 90% FR (instead of 120%), and for Other Executive KMP at 60% FR (instead of 80% FR).
                                                         The previous financial metric (Relative TSR) is not practicable in the current market circumstances. Accordingly, for
                                                         FY2024 only, the underpin arrangements that have previously applied to non-financial metrics will be extended to apply
                                                         to financial metrics. These awards will have a simple three-year vesting period, recognising that the rationale for further
                                                         exposure to long-term share price movement has been altered, and that the FY2024 award focus is on retention in the
                                                         early post-transaction phase.

                    1 The TSR reference group is set at the commencement of the performance period. For FY2023, it comprised: Aristocrat Leisure Ltd, Amcor Plc, Australia and New
                         Zealand Banking Group Ltd, APA Group, ASX Ltd, BHP Group Ltd, Bluescope Steel Ltd, Brambles Ltd, Commonwealth Bank Of Australia, Cochlear Ltd, Coles Group Ltd,
                         Computershare Limited, CSL Ltd, Dexus, Endeavour Group Ltd, Fortescue Metals Group Ltd, Goodman Group, GPT Group, Insurance Australia Group Ltd, James Hardie
                         Industries Plc, Lendlease Group, Mirvac Group, Mineral Resources Ltd, Medibank Private Ltd, Macquarie Group Ltd, National Australia Bank Ltd, Newcrest Mining Ltd,
                         Northern Star Resources Ltd, Qantas Airways Ltd, QBE Insurance Group Ltd, Ramsay Health Care Ltd, Rio Tinto Ltd, Resmed Inc, South32 Ltd, Scentre Group, Seek Ltd,
                         Stockland Corporation Ltd, Sonic Healthcare Ltd, Santos Ltd, Suncorp Group Ltd, Transurban Group, Lottery Corporation Ltd, Telstra Corporation Ltd, Treasury Wine Estates
                         Ltd, Westpac Banking Corp, Woodside Energy Group Ltd, Wesfarmers Ltd, Woolworths Group Ltd, and Xero Ltd.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                   67




                    3.6 Remuneration range and mix
                    The potential range for the CEO’s total remuneration in FY2023 was between a minimum of $1.95 million (his FR) to a target of $5.671 million
                    and a maximum of $7.565 million (FY2022: $7.276 million). The remuneration mix at target and at maximum is shown in the table below, which
                    shows the significant proportion of variable or performance-based pay and delivery in equity. Variable or performance-based pay represents
                    65.5 per cent of the CEO’s package at target outcomes, and 74.2 per cent at maximum outcomes. Forfeitable equity represents 48.3 per cent
                    at target outcomes and 52.6 per cent at maximum outcomes. Corresponding figures for the average remuneration mix for Other Executive
                    KMP are also shown in the table below.

                        Remuneration component                                       CEO                                    Other Executive KMP (average)
                        $’000, %TR                                     Target                  Maximum                     Target                   Maximum
                        FR cash                                    1,955   34.5%              1,955   25.8%              980    38.5%               980   28.8%
                        STI cash                                     978   17.2%              1,632   21.6%              490    19.2%               818   24.1%




For personal use only
                        STI deferred equity                          977   17.2%              1,632   21.6%              490    19.2%               818   24.1%
                        LTI conditional deferred equity            1,760   31.1%             2,346    31.0%              588    23.1%               784   23.0%
                        Total remuneration                         5,671   100%              7,565    100%              2,548   100%              3,400   100%
                        Variable (performance-                             65.5%                      74.2%                     61.5%                     71.2%
                        related) component
                        Equity component                                   48.3%                      52.6%                     42.3%                     47.1%


                    3.7 Other share plans and deferred remuneration arrangements
                    The Company operates a universal Employee Share Plan in which all full-time and part-time employees can choose to be eligible for awards of
                    up to $1,000 worth of Company shares annually, or else participate in a salary sacrifice scheme to purchase up to $4,800 in shares annually.
                    Under the $1,000 scheme (the General Employee Share Plan (GESP)), shares are restricted for three years or until cessation of employment,
                    whichever occurs first.
                    Under the Matching Share Plan (MSP), shares purchased under the sacrifice scheme are restricted for two years or until cessation of
                    employment, whichever occurs first. For every two shares purchased under the salary sacrifice scheme within a 12-month cycle, participants
                    are granted one Matching Right (MR) at no cost. The MRs vest two years after the cycle began, provided that the participant remains
                    employed by the Company at this time. Each MR entitles the participant to one fully paid ordinary share in the Company, or in certain limited
                    circumstances a cash equivalent payment. The MRs do not have any performance hurdles as they have been granted to encourage broad
                    participation in the scheme across the Company, and to encourage employee share ownership. All shares are currently purchased on market.
                    Directors are not eligible to participate in the above schemes, but may participate in the NED Share Plan (NEDSP) by sacrificing Board fees.
                    This plan is intended to facilitate share acquisition, enabling new Directors to meet their MSR obligations. All NEDs currently meet their MSR
                    or are recently appointed. In FY2023, there was one participant who received an allocation of shares under the plan.
                    Directors regularly assess the risk of the Company losing high-performing key people who manage core activities or have skills that are being
                    actively solicited in the market. Where appropriate, the Board may consider the selected use of deferred payment arrangements to reduce the
                    risk of such critical loss. From time to time, it may be necessary to offer sign-on equity to offset or mirror unvested equity, which a prospective
                    executive must forfeit to take up employment with Origin.
                    Following the receipt on 9 November 2022 of an indicative, conditional and non-binding proposal from the Consortium consisting of
                    Brookfield and MidOcean Energy to acquire all the issued shares in Origin by way of a scheme of arrangement, targeted retention
                    arrangements (valued at $17 million) were put in place in December 2022 that covered 232 employees who were deemed critical
                    to continuing safe operations. These arrangements focused on operational roles, especially those ineligible for Deferred STI and LTI
                    participation, which afford ongoing retention value. However, one member of the Executive KMP (Executive General Manager, Integrated
                    Gas) was included due to the unique characteristics of the proposed transaction and the criticality of stewardship in the period ahead (refer
                    to the disclosure in statutory table 7-2 (a)).
                    The operation of the share plans has been suspended and no awards are expected to be made under them during FY2024.
                        68                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                    4 Company performance and remuneration outcomes
                    This section summarises remuneration outcomes for FY2023 and provides commentary on their alignment with Company outcomes.


                    4.1 Five-year Company performance and remuneration outcomes
                    The table below summarises key financial and non-financial performance for the Company from FY2019 to FY2023, grouped and compared
                    with short-term and long-term remuneration outcomes.

                        Five-year key performance metrics FY2019–23                                                           FY19            FY20           FY21           FY22            FY23
                        Operational measures
                        Underlying earnings per share (EPS) (cents)                                                           58.4             57.6           17.8           23.2           43.4
                        Net cash from/(used in) operating and investing activities (NCOIA) ($m)                               1,914           1,813          1,183         3,363             585




For personal use only
                        Energy Markets underlying EBITDA ($m)1                                                               1,574           1,450            979            365           1,278
                        Integrated Gas underlying EBITDA (total operations) ($m)                                             1,892            1,741          1,135          1,837           1,919
                        Adjusted net debt ($m)2                                                                              5,417           5,158          4,639          2,838           2,877
                        Strategic Net Promoter Score (sNPS)3                                                                     (9)             (3)            4               5               (2)
                        Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)4                                                         4.5             2.6            2.7            4.0             3.8
                        Female representation in senior roles (%)5
                           CEO-1                                                                                              25.0            33.3           33.3           30.0            30.0
                           CEO-2                                                                                              40.6            43.9           42.9           43.6            43.6
                           Senior leadership roles                                                                            34.4            33.9           34.6           40.8            46.0
                        Origin Engagement Score (%)6                                                                             61              75            74              68                –
                        Origin Engagement Score (#)7                                                                                                                                            7.7
                        STI award outcomes
                        Percentage of maximum (%)8                                                                            73.7            84.1           50.7           73.6            79.3
                        Return measures
                        Closing share price at end of June ($)9                                                                 7.31          5.84            4.51           5.73            8.41
                        Dividends (cents per share)10                                                                            25              25            20              29           36.5
                        Annual TSR (%)                                                                                        (26.1)          (17.7)         (19.7)          32.4            47.6
                        Three-year rolling TSR (CAGR % pa)11                                                                     12              (8)        (20.6)           (0.4)          20.3
                        Group Statutory EBIT ($m)                                                                            1,432             360          (1,833)         (745)           1,621
                        Underlying ROCE (%)12                                                                                    9.1            8.7           4.4              7.1           14.2
                        LTI outcomes
                        LTI vesting percentage (%)                                                                                0               0          35.3           25.0            16.0

                    1 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation.
                    2 Adjusted Net Debt for FY2021 includes first recognition of lease liability ($514 million) under AASB16.
                    3 sNPS is an industry-recognised measure of customer advocacy. The measures were previously presented on a final-quarter average for each year and have been restated as
                         the average over the whole of the relevant financial year.
                    4 TRIFR is the total number of injuries resulting in lost time, restricted work duties or medical treatment per million hours worked.
                    5 CEO-1 represents Executives reporting directly to the CEO. In line with market practice, it includes the CEO. CEO-2 includes roles directly reporting to CEO-1. ‘Senior
                         leadership roles’ captures the three reporting levels below CEO and includes roles with base salaries exceeding approximately $200,000 per annum.
                    6 Until FY2022, employee engagement was measured as an annual score obtained from a single independent survey conducted externally. Commencing in FY2023, employee
                         engagement is measured continuously through the year through the OfficeVibe online tool.
                    7 New methodology using OfficeVibe from FY2023. The score is out of 10.
                    8 This is the total dollar value of STI awarded for Executive KMP as a percentage of their total maximum STI. The percentage of STI forfeited is this amount subtracted from
                         100 per cent.
                    9 The opening share price for FY2019 was $10.03.
                    10 Dividends represent the interim plus final dividends determined for each financial year. For FY2023, this includes the final dividend determined on 17 August 2023 to be paid
                         on 29 September 2023. The amounts physically paid within each financial year are 10.0 cents, 30.0 cents, 22.5 cents, 20.0 cents, and 33.0 cents respectively.
                    11 TSR calculations use the three-month VWAP share price to 30 June, reflecting the testing methodology for Relative TSR ranking.
                    12 Underlying ROCE is defined in the ‘Glossary and Interpretation’ section. Underlying ROCE has been adjusted to exclude the impact of FY2022 $2.2 billion impairment
                         of goodwill.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                              69




                    4.2 Variable remuneration outcomes
                    4.2.1 Assessment process

                    The Board has adopted governing principles to apply when considering adjustments to measures that are used for remuneration purposes.
                    The starting points for setting STI scorecard targets are the relevant underlying measures from the financial accounts. Targets set at the
                    beginning of the year may be subject to events materially outside the course of business and outside the control of the current management,
                    in which case discretion may be required to vary targets or outcomes to reflect the intended purpose and/or actual results and achievements.
                    The principles provide a structured process for the consideration of adjustments and the exercise of discretion, and a decision framework that
                    seeks fairness (to both Executives and shareholders) and balance between favourable and unfavourable events.




For personal use only
                        70                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                    4.2.2 Short-term performance and Short Term Incentive outcomes

                    STI awards are calculated on the basis of a balanced scorecard, with requirements set at threshold, target and stretch achievement levels. The
                    CEO’s FY2023 scorecard, showing measures, outcomes and results, is summarised below.4

                    CEO FY2023 STI scorecard
                                                                                                                                              Targets and outcomes                         Result
                        Measure, rationale and performance
                                                                                                                      Weight        Threshold           Target                 Stretch   (% max)
                        Origin Net Profit Before Tax
                        (Origin NPBT) ($m)
                        Measure of earnings and profitability                                                                              160             397                  614
                        The stretch result was driven by higher earnings from Energy Markets, Octopus
                                                                                                                        15%                                                                100.0
                        Energy and Integrated Gas. Earnings from Energy Markets increased as higher
                                                                                                                                                                                1282
                        wholesale prices flowed into customer tariffs. Earnings from Octopus Energy




For personal use only
                        increased due to higher customer accounts and the reset of regulated tariffs in
                        the UK. Earnings from Integrated Gas increased on higher commodity prices.
                        Origin NCOIA ex Futures Collateral
                        (Origin NCOIA) ($m)                                                                                                -271             16                  283
                        Measure of effective cashflow generation                                                        15%                                                                100.0
                        Higher earnings yielded stretch outcomes, notwithstanding unfavourable                                                                                  585
                        working capital movement.
                        Energy Markets EBITDA
                        (EM EBITDA) ($m)                                                                                                   513             563                  663
                         Measure of operating performance of the Energy Markets business
                                                                                                                        15%                                                                100.0
                        The same factors that contributed to the Origin NPBT outcome (without
                                                                                                                                                                                1278
                        the Integrated Gas factors) drove the stretch result for the Energy
                        Markets business.

                                                                                                                                          2638             2538                2438
                        APLNG Lowest Cost of Supply ($m)
                                                                                                                        15%                                                                 24.2
                        Measure of capital and operating cost in the APLNG business
                                                                                                                                            2627


                                                                                                                                           20               60                  100
                        Financial measures                                                                             60%                                                                   81.1
                                                                                                                                                                        81.1


                        Cumulative Scope 1 Emissions Reduction (CO2-e)(%) FY2021–2023 against                                              8.0             9.0                  10.0
                        2017 SBTi Baseline                                                                              10%                                                                 63.9
                        Measure of progress against our decarbonisation strategy                                                                             9.1

                        Shared key priorities
                        To ensure alignment to strategic outcomes in the operational business                                              20               60                  100
                        the 'Shared key priorities' measure was introduced for FY2023. Shared
                                                                                                                       30%                                                                   67.7
                        key priorities includes measures, targets and outcomes connected to
                                                                                                                                                                 67.7
                        Retail X delivery, renewables, storage, Virtual Power Plant (VPP) and
                        carbon objectives.

                                                                                                                                           20               60                  100
                        Strategic priorities
                                                                                                                       40%                                                                  66.7
                        Non-financial measures
                                                                                                                                                              66.7


                                                                                                                                           20               60                  100
                        Total                                                                                          100%                                                                 75.3
                                                                                                                                                                   75.3



                    The scorecard reflects financial and operating outcomes achieving 81.1 per cent of the maximum, accounting for 60 per cent of the STI
                    award. In addition, it reflects performance against the non-financial strategic priorities defined for the year (66.7 per cent of the maximum),
                    accounting for the remaining 40 per cent of the STI award. The overall scorecard outcome was 75.3 per cent of the maximum (125.8 per cent
                    of target).




                    4
                         The value for each of the three levels are shown along the top of the achievement bar and correspond to results of 20 per cent, 60 per cent or 100 per cent of the maximum,
                         respectively. The actual achievement is represented by the darker shading along the bar, while the achievement value is recorded below the bar.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                71




                    Application of the principles described in Section 4.2.1 included the following:
                    •     The one-off and unplanned financial impacts of the sale of Beetaloo and Canning were excluded.
                    •     Penalties and legal costs associated with regulatory action excluded from underlying financial measures, were included for the purposes
                          of calculating the relevant metrics.
                    •     The extremity of the La Niña weather events experienced during FY2023 had material impacts to the performance of APLNG beyond
                          the control of management, adversely impacting the upstream operator’s ability to access well sites to perform drilling, workover and
                          maintenance activities. The normal practice is not to make adjustments to remuneration metrics for weather events that are within the
                          forecastable or experiential range; however, the extremity of the impacts this year was well outside that range. The Board determined that
                          it would be appropriate to adjust for the atypical impact on this occasion. This affected the APLNG Production and Lowest Cost of Supply
                          metrics. In making the determination the Board noted management’s exceptional responses to achieve rapid recovery.

                    4.2.3 Executive Key Management Personnel Short Term Incentive outcomes

                    Origin’s NPBT and NCOIA targets, and therefore results, represent half of the financial metrics for all Executive KMP. The remaining financial




For personal use only
                    metrics for divisional Executive General Managers are based on divisional targets. Accordingly, scorecard outcomes ranged between 74.0
                    per cent to 90.2 per cent of the maximum.

                                                                                                             STI award
                        Executive KMP                              % of target              % of maximum                   % forfeited                      $’000
                        F Calabria                                      125.8                         75.3                        24.7                      2,459
                        L Tremaine                                      127.0                        76.0                        24.0                        1,371
                        J Briskin                                       142.0                        85.0                         15.0                       1,360
                        G Jarvis                                        150.6                        90.2                          9.8                       1,460
                        A Thornton                                      123.6                        74.0                        26.0                        1,127


                    4.2.4 Long-term performance and Long Term Incentive outcomes

                    In FY2023, the Company’s share price increased 46.8 per cent (on top of 27.1 per cent in the prior year), and the three-year rolling TSR was
                    74.0 per cent (CAGR 20.3 per cent pa). The strong operational annual performance is complemented by stabilisation and growth over the
                    last five years, reflected in the return to partial LTI vesting in FY2021 following eight consecutive years of nil vesting.
                    LTI awards partially vested (16.0 per cent) during FY2023. Testing involved four different performance measures. Options granted in the 2017
                    calendar year were conditional on Relative TSR (RTSR) performance over five years – as measured against a peer group of ‘ten-up/ten-down’
                    companies in terms of market capitalisation. Origin’s TSR performance over that period failed to exceed the 50th percentile ranking, therefore
                    these awards lapsed. Half of the PSRs granted in the 2019 calendar year were conditional on RTSR performance over three years, as
                    measured against the S&P/ASX 50 peer group. This award also failed to exceed the 50th percentile ranking in the peer group, therefore it
                    also lapsed. The other half of the 2019 calendar year PSRs was conditional on ROCE performance over three years, measured separately in
                    the Energy Markets and Integrated Gas business units (equally weighted). The target for Energy Markets was a three-year average ROCE
                    (measured on an LTIP basis) of 9.24 per cent. With an actual average outcome of 4.32 per cent this component failed to vest and lapsed. The
                    target for Integrated Gas was a three-year average ROCE of 7.09 per cent. The actual achieved was 9.03 per cent, which approached the
                    stretch target of 9.09 per cent. Accordingly, this component vested at 98.5 per cent. The overall vesting outcome for executives depended
                    on the relative levels of individual awards received by executives in the 2017 and 2019 calendar years. The overall average was 16.0 per
                    cent. Awards that vested were settled in Restricted Shares (RSs) subject to an additional year of deferral (trading restriction).
                    As identified in the Letter from the Chairman of the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee, LTI vests that will occur during FY2024
                    include those for awards granted in November 2020. These awards will vest in full commencing at the end of August 2023. Half of that
                    grant was awarded as Performance Share Rights (PSRs) subject to a financial market condition (Relative TSR) vesting between 0 per cent
                    and 100 per cent depending on Origin’s TSR over three years relative to the peer group (S&P/ASX-50). Origin’s TSR over the period was
                    determined independently to be 74.04 per cent and at the 82.9th percentile of the peer group, resulting in 100 per cent vesting. The other
                    half of the grant was awarded as RSRs which vest subject to the review process described in Section 3.5. At the end of the year the Board
                    conducted an Executive Performance Review (summarised in Section 5.3), considering business and individual performance, risk assessment,
                    together with a three-year lookback (FY2021–FY2023 inclusive) over a holistic suite of metrics reflecting the underlying health, performance
                    and sustainability of its businesses and the Company overall. Following those reviews the Board determined that performance was strong and
                    without material deviation from its expectations. Specific reference was made to the Key Sustainability Performance Measures reported in
                    the Company’s Sustainability Reports. Following those reviews the Board determined full vesting for the RSRs. The PSRs vest into Restricted
                    Shares with a two-year trading restriction, and the RSRs vest progressively (one third in August 2023, with a two-year holding lock, the next
                    one-third in August 2024 with a one-year holding lock, and the final one-third is scheduled to vest in August 2025).
                    The trend in long-term performance outcomes aligns with the long-term performance of the business and with shareholder experience.
                        72                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                    4.3 Total pay received in FY2023
                    In line with general market practice, a non-AASB presentation of actual pay received in FY2023 is provided below as a summary of real or
                    take-home pay. AASB statutory remuneration is presented in table 7-2 (a).

                        ($’000)                                                                                                        Short-term              Long-term            Actual total
                        Executive KMP                                                                FR1            STI cash2              equity3                equity4          pay received
                        F Calabria                                                                1,955                  1,230                 1,267                   464                 4,916
                        L Tremaine                                                               1,080                    686                   708                     182                2,656
                        J Briskin                                                                  958                    680                   740                     92                 2,470
                        G Jarvis                                                                   969                    730                   664                     281                2,644
                        A Thornton                                                                  912                   563                   368                      45                1,888




For personal use only
                    1 FR is cash and superannuation received during FY2023.
                    2 STI cash represents the cash element of the FY2023 STI award.
                    3 Short-term equity represents the value of previously awarded equity from short-term arrangements (including STIP and grants under the Employee Share Plan) that were
                         vested or released (as relevant) during FY2023. The value is determined as the number of shares vested or released multiplied by the five-day VWAP immediately prior to the
                         date of vest/release. The amounts shown above relate to Restricted Share releases on 22 August 2022, arising from Deferred STI arrangements, plus GESP shares released
                         on 5 September 2022 and Matching Share Plan Rights vested on 21 October 2022.
                    4 Long-term equity represents the value of previously awarded equity from long-term arrangements (LTIP and other arrangements with deferral periods of three or more years)
                         that were released during FY2023. The value is determined in the same way as described in Note 3 above. The amounts shown all relate to releases on 22 August 2022 and
                         1 May 2023 (being three-year ROCE LTI awards and three-year restricted shares, respectively).
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                               73




                    5 Governance

                    5.1 The role of the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee
                    The RPCC supports the Board by overseeing Origin’s remuneration policies and practices. It operates under a Charter (published on the
                    Company’s website at originenergy.com.au). The RPCC met formally five times during the reporting period.
                    Including its Chairman, the RPCC has four members, all of whom are independent NEDs (see Section 1 for details). The RPCC’s Charter
                    requires a minimum of three NEDs. In addition, there is a standing invitation to all Board members to attend the RPCC’s meetings.
                    Management may attend RPCC meetings by invitation, but a member of management will not be present when their own remuneration is
                    under discussion.
                    The following diagram sets out the role of the RPCC and its operational relationships with the Board, management, stakeholders and
                    external advisors.




For personal use only


                    5.2 Remuneration advisors
                    The RPCC engages external advisors from time to time to conduct benchmarking, advise on regulatory and market developments, and
                    review proposals and reports. Protocols have been established for engaging and dealing with external advisors, including those defined as
                    remuneration consultants for the purposes of the Act. These protocols are to ensure independence and avoid conflicts of interest.
                    The protocols require that remuneration advisors are directly engaged by the RPCC and act on instruction from its Chairman. Reports must be
                    delivered directly to the RPCC Chairman. The advisor is prohibited from communicating with Company management, except as authorised
                    by the Chairman, and even then, this is limited to the provision or validation of factual and policy data. The advisor must furnish a statement
                    confirming the absence of any undue influence from management.
                    The RPCC generally seeks information rather than specific remuneration recommendations within the definition of the Act, and this was
                    the case during FY2023. Guerdon Associates was appointed for this period – no remuneration recommendations as defined under the Act
                    were provided.
                    In addition, the RPCC makes use of general market trend information from a variety of commercial and industry sources, and has access to
                    in-house remuneration professionals who provide it with guidance and analysis on request.
                    The recommendations that the RPCC makes to the Board are based on its own independent assessment of the advice and information
                    received from these multiple sources, using its experience and having careful regard to the principles and objectives of the remuneration
                    framework, Company's performance, shareholder and community expectations, and good governance.
                        74                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                    5.3 Remuneration governance and oversight
                    The Board’s oversight of executive performance and remuneration outcomes is rigorous and multi-phased. Its processes in overseeing
                    performance and remuneration can be divided into the stages set out below, which are designed to ensure that outcomes are fair to executives
                    and stakeholders, consistent in approach, and governed by documented principles.

                    5.3.1 Through the performance period

                    Throughout the STI performance year and LTI vesting periods, the Board monitors and reviews management performance against financial
                    and non-financial targets, including factors affecting the original assumptions underlying the setting of targets at the beginning of the relevant
                    performance periods.
                    Potential adjustments that may be required are considered under a set of protocols that cover materiality, symmetry of treatment for
                    favourable and unfavourable events, the degree to which events are foreseeable and controllable by management, and the impact of Board
                    decisions (for example, mergers and acquisitions). Any adjustments are subject to Board approval at the end of the performance period.




For personal use only
                    The outcome from this stage comprises preliminary STI outcomes and preliminary LTI vesting outcomes.

                    5.3.2 At the end of the financial year

                    At the end of each financial year, the full Board conducts a formal Executive Performance Review of the CEO and each member of the ELT,
                    including the preliminary remuneration outcomes. The review is a formal and holistic process that considers:
                    •    risk, audit, compliance and reputation matters (including whistle-blowing, discrimination, bullying or harassment complaints, and safety
                         and employee relations matters);
                    •    enterprise and business strategy contribution; and
                    •    leadership habits and behaviours.
                    The process includes taking feedback from the:
                    •    Chair of the Health, Safety and Environment Committee;
                    •    Chair of the Audit Committee;
                    •    Internal Auditor;
                    •    General Counsel and EGM Company Secretariat, Risk and Governance; and
                    •    Executive General Manager, People and Culture.5
                    As a performance review process, the output includes performance feedback and identifies specifically whether there are any matters
                    that warrant the exercise of downward discretion to modify individual executives’ preliminary remuneration outcomes. In exceptional
                    circumstances, the Board may exercise upward discretion, within the capped opportunity level.
                    During this stage, the Board will also consider whether any exercises of discretion are appropriate on a collective basis, and in the overall
                    context of ensuring that the outcomes represent a reasonable and fair reflection of the Company’s performance from the perspective of
                    all stakeholders.
                    The output from this stage comprises final STI outcomes and final LTI vesting decisions.

                    5.3.3 Beyond the performance period

                    Issues may emerge after final results have been notified where the Board deems that those results are no longer appropriate, or that the results
                    would give rise to receiving an inappropriate benefit. Where such issues emerge before payment has been made or before rights have vested
                    or shares have been released from trading locks, the Board may reduce or cancel the award or the vesting level, and/or extend the period of
                    a trading lock under the Company’s malus provisions. The deferral period for equity (two years for STI and five years for all tranches of LTI)
                    means that the exercise of malus is available for significant periods of time.
                    Where benefits have been paid, vested or released, the Company’s clawback provisions give the Board further powers to recover cash
                    proceeds from the sale of shares and to recover cash awards. These powers may be limited by statute or regulation.
                    Of course, fraud, dishonesty, gross misconduct, negligence, breach of duties and other serious matters would have consequences additional
                    to the remuneration impacts described above.
                    Downward discretions have been exercised by the Board from time to time, both to STI outcomes and to LTI allocations or vesting outcomes,
                    to provide better alignment of variable pay outcomes with the broader context and overall circumstances of the Company. There have been
                    no circumstances to date in which the Board has sought to apply the clawback provisions.


                    5.4 Change of control and capital reorganisation
                    If a change of control event occurs, the Board may determine that all or a specified number of unvested or restricted deferred incentives will
                    vest or cease to be subject to restrictions.
                    On a capital reorganisation, the Board may determine the manner of adjustment of the number of unvested Share Rights and Options held by
                    participants to minimise or eliminate any material advantage or disadvantage to the participant. If new awards are granted, they will, unless
                    the Board determines otherwise, be subject to the same terms and conditions as the original awards.




                    5
                        For the Executive General Manager, People and Culture, the feedback is from the CEO and/or the Chair of the RPCC.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                   75




                    6 Non-executive Director fees

                    6.1 Remuneration policy and structure for Non-executive Directors
                    NED remuneration comprises fixed fees with no incentive-based payments. This ensures that NEDs can independently and objectively assess
                    both Executive and Company performance.
                    Board and committee fees take into account market rates for similar positions at relevant Australian organisations (of comparable size and
                    complexity) and fairly reflect the time commitments and responsibilities involved. The aggregate cap for overall NED remuneration remains
                    at $3.2 million pa, as approved by shareholders in 2017.
                    The Origin Chairman receives a single fee that includes committee activities, while other NEDs receive a NED Base Fee and separate fees
                    for their role on specific committees (other than the Nomination Committee, which is considered within the NED Base Fee). All fees include
                    superannuation contributions.




For personal use only
                    The table below summarises the structure and level of NED fees. No change to the fee structure or quantum is proposed for FY2024.

                                                                                                                      FY2022 and FY2023 ($’000)
                        Office
                                                                                                        Chairman                                             Member
                        Board                                                                                 6771                                               196
                        Audit Committee                                                                        57                                                 29
                        RPCC, Safety and Sustainability Committee, and Risk Committee                          47                                                23.5
                        Nomination Committee                                                                    nil                                                nil

                    1 The Chairman fee is inclusive of committee fees.



                    6.2 Minimum Shareholding Requirement for Non-executive Directors
                    To align the interests of the Board with those of shareholders, NEDs are required to build and maintain a substantive shareholding in the
                    Company (the MSR). NEDs may purchase shares directly or through the NEDSP that was last approved by shareholders in 2022. The NEDSP
                    is a fee sacrifice plan that allows NEDs to acquire share rights (rights to acquire fully paid ordinary shares in the Company) subject to the terms
                    of the grant. The NEDSP is intended to facilitate the acquisition of shares for new Directors to meet their MSR obligation while recognising that
                    opportunities for direct purchases by Directors may be limited. NEDs are expected to reach their MSR within three years of their appointment.
                    During FY2023, one NED received a share allocation under the NEDSP in respect of the fees sacrificed during FY2022.
                    The NED MSR is determined from time to time as a number of shares referenced to a nominal multiple of fees. The determination takes into
                    account changes in fees and share prices over time. The nominal reference multiple is 100 per cent of the annual base NED fee for all NEDs
                    except for the Chairman of the Board, where it is 200 per cent of the annual base NED fee. The current share determinations of 28,000 shares
                    for NEDs and 56,000 shares for the Chairman are to be increased to 36,000 and 72,000, respectively, from August 2024.
                    Share rights held by NEDs under the NEDSP will count towards the satisfaction of NED MSR obligations because they are funded through
                    sacrifice of fees by the participating Director. The shares allocated on vesting of the share rights are bought on market on behalf of the Director
                    and are not subject to forfeiture.
                    Table 7-4 (b) shows that all NEDs meet the current MSR obligation.
                        76                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                    7 Statutory tables and disclosures
                    Table 7-1 Executive service agreements
                    The main terms of service agreements for Executive KMP as at 30 June 2023 are set out in the table below.

                        Basis of contract                                       Ongoing
                        Notice period                                           •   Twelve months by either party for CEO; six months for Other Executive KMP
                                                                                •   Shorter notice may apply by agreement
                                                                                •   No notice in defined circumstances1

                        Termination benefits for cause                          Statutory entitlements only
                        Termination benefits for resignation                    Notice as above or payment in lieu of notice that is not worked; current-year STI forfeited; unvested
                                                                                equity lapses; statutory entitlements




For personal use only
                        Termination benefits for other than resignation Notice worked (or payment in lieu of any portion not worked); pro-rata STI for the period worked (no
                        or cause                                        deferral applicable); all unvested equity lapses unless held on foot in accordance with Equity Incentive
                                                                        Plan Rules;2 statutory entitlements.
                                                                                For redundancy (Other Executive KMP only) payment in accordance with the Company’s general
                                                                                redundancy policy of three weeks FR per year of service, with a minimum of 18 weeks and a maximum
                                                                                of 78 weeks.
                        Remuneration                                            Remuneration is reviewed annually or as required to maintain alignment with policy and benchmarks.

                    1 These circumstances include but are not limited to serious, persistent or wilful misconduct, breach of contract, or conduct likely to seriously injure the reputation of
                         the Company.
                    2 For cases of death, disability, genuine retirement or other extraordinary circumstances as approved by the Board.


                    Table 7-2 (a) Executive KMP statutory remuneration ($’000)

                                                                               Short term                                           Long term                                        Totals


                                                                            Post-                                                      Cash-       Share-                                        Share
                                                                 Base employment                        Cash          Leave            based       based     Accounting               At risk    based
                                                                salary    benefit           Other1       STI2        accrual3      incentives4 incentives5 remuneration                  (%)       (%)
                        Executive Director
                        F Calabria                2023          1,927                25         53     1,230              179              406         2,084               5,904          63         35
                                                  2022          1,855                24          51      1,171             44                 —         2,352              5,497          64        43
                        Other Executive KMP
                        J Briskin                 2023           935                 28         26       680             (107)              224           777              2,563          66        30
                                                  2022           905                 24          14      535              150                 —           805              2,433          55         33
                        G Jarvis                  2023           946                 25         65       730              143               241           848              2,998          61         28
                                                  2022            916                24         25       550               63                 —           932              2,510          59         37
                        A Thornton6               2023           889                 25        100       640              160              264            589              2,667          56         22
                                                  2022           535                 16         60       396               113                —           555               1,675         57         33
                        L Tremaine                2023         1,057                 25         49       686              (89)              226           883              2,837          63         31
                                                  2022         1,023                 24         44       649                16                —            911             2,667          58        34
                        Executive total
                                                  2023         5,754                128       293      3,966             286              1,361         5,181            16,969           62         31
                                                  2022         5,234                112        194     3,301             386                  —        5,555             14,782          60         38

                    1 Represents non-monetary benefits including insurance premiums and fringe benefits (such as car parking, electric vehicle use and travel expenses).
                    2 STI cash represents one half of the STI award. STI cash is paid after the end of the financial year to which it relates but is allocated to the earning year. The balance of the STI
                         award is Deferred STI.
                    3 Movement in leave provision over the reporting period. Negative movement indicates that leave taken during the year exceeded leave accrued during the current year.
                    4 For FY2023 Deferred STI is delivered in the form of deferred cash arrangements.
                    5 Share-based incentives include Restricted Shares, PSR and RSRs granted as Deferred STI or LTI respectively. Share-based remuneration is that portion of the accounting value
                         of equity granted or to be granted for the current and prior periods attributable to the reporting period. Where vesting of the equity is conditional on a non-market hurdle (for
                         example, ROCE, or the underpinning metrics in the LTI RSR tranche) in following reporting periods, the accumulated expense is adjusted for the number of instruments then
                         expected to be released or vested. In good leaver circumstances, a bring-forward of future-period accounting expense may occur where a cessation of employment occurs
                         before the normal vesting date. See Note G3 for details on share-based remuneration accounting.
                    6 For FY2023, Cash STI also includes the value of the deferred remuneration retention arrangement ($450,000 conditionally payable after three years) attributable to the
                         period. For FY2022, the pro-rata period for KMP office was from 1 November 2021 to 30 June 2022.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                     77




                    Table 7-2 (b) NEDs statutory remuneration ($’000)

                                                                                                Short term                              Post employment
                                                                                      Board and                                           Superannuation           Total
                                                                                                                       Other1
                                                                                  committee fees                                            contributions   remuneration
                        NEDs — current
                        I Atlas                     2023                                        220                         0                         23            243
                                                    2022                                        207                         0                         21            228
                        M Brenner                   2023                                        288                         0                         25            313
                                                    2022                                        273                         0                         24            297
                        G Lalicker                  2023                                        199                         0                         21           220
                                                    2022                                       200                          0                         20           220




For personal use only
                        M McCormack                 2023                                        247                         0                         25            272
                                                    2022                                        239                         0                         23            262
                        S Perkins                   2023                                        652                        16                         25            677
                                                    2022                                        653                         0                         24            677
                        N Scheinkestel2             2023                                        242                         0                         25            267
                                                    2022                                         66                         0                          7             73
                        S Sargent                   2023                                        265                         0                         25           290
                                                    2022                                        267                         0                         24            291
                        J Withers                   2023                                        247                         0                         25            272
                                                    2022                                        241                         0                         24            265
                        NEDs — former
                        J Akehurst3                 2023                                           —                        —                          —              —
                                                    2022                                         83                         0                          8             91
                        B Morgan4                   2023                                         86                         0                          8             94
                                                    2022                                        262                         0                         24            286
                        NED total                   2023                                     2,446                         16                        202          2,648
                                                    2022                                      2,491                         0                        199         2,690

                    1 Represents non-monetary benefits including insurance premiums and fringe benefits (such as car parking and travel expenses).
                    2 For FY2022: J Akehurst retired on 20 October 2021; N Scheinkestel was appointed on 4 March 2022.
                    3 For FY2022, J Akehurst retired on 20 October 2021; N Scheinkestel was appointed on 4 March 2022.
                    4 For FY2023, B Morgan retired on 19 October 2022.
                        78                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                    Table 7-3 Details of equity grants made during the reporting period
                    Equity grants made to KMP during the reporting period are listed below. The grants are at nil cost to the recipient and none of the instruments
                    granted have an exercise price.
                    For Share Rights, exercise is automatic at vest and the expiry date is the same as the vest date. Share Rights that fail to meet the relevant
                    performance conditions lapse effective on the test date, which may be prior to the scheduled vest date.

                                                                                                  Number    Grant date            Exercise
                                                Type                                              granted fair value ($)1         price ($)      Grant date               Vest date2          Expiry date
                        Executive Director
                        F Calabria3             Performance Share Rights                         198,980                 3.17             —       19-Oct-22              25-Aug-25            25-Aug-25
                                                Restricted Share Rights                          198,978                5.64              —       19-Oct-22              25-Aug-25        2025–2027
                                                Restricted Shares (Deferred STI)                 198,696                 6.13             —        5-Sep-22              21-Aug-23                     —
                        Other Executive KMP




For personal use only
                        J Briskin               Performance Share Rights                          65,002                3.63              —        5-Sep-22              25-Aug-25            25-Aug-25
                                                Restricted Share Rights                           65,004                 6.13             —        5-Sep-22              24-Aug-25        2025–2027
                                                Matching Rights                                       367               0.46              —         1-Sep-22             20-Oct-24                     —
                                                Restricted Shares (Deferred STI)                   90,819                6.13             —        5-Sep-22              26-Aug-24                     —
                        G Jarvis                Performance Share Rights                          65,748                3.63              —        5-Sep-22              25-Aug-25            25-Aug-25
                                                Restricted Share Rights                            65,751                6.13             —        5-Sep-22              24-Aug-25        2025–2027
                                                Matching Rights                                       367               0.46              —         1-Sep-22             20-Oct-24                     —
                                                Restricted Shares (Deferred STI)                  93,268                 6.13             —        5-Sep-22              26-Aug-24                     —
                        A Thornton              Performance Share Rights                           61,883               3.63              —        5-Sep-22              25-Aug-25            25-Aug-25
                                                Restricted Share Rights                            61,881                6.13             —        5-Sep-22              24-Aug-25        2025–2027
                                                Matching Rights                                       367               0.46              —         1-Sep-22             20-Oct-24                     —
                                                Restricted Shares (Deferred STI)                 100,836                 6.13             —        5-Sep-22              26-Aug-24                     —
                        L Tremaine              Performance Share Rights                           73,281               3.63              —        5-Sep-22              25-Aug-25            25-Aug-25
                                                Restricted Share Rights                            73,281                6.13             —        5-Sep-22              24-Aug-25        2025–2027
                                                Matching Rights                                       367               0.46              —         1-Sep-22             20-Oct-24                     —
                                                Restricted Shares (Deferred STI)                  110,146                6.13             —        5-Sep-22              26-Aug-24                     —

                    1 For MRs, the fair value is per $1 contributed by the Executive.
                    2 For Restricted Shares, the vest date is the date that trading restrictions are lifted (other than restrictions arising from MSR or the Dealing in Securities Policy).
                    3 F Calabria was granted 198,980 PSRs and 198,978 RSRs, as approved at the 2022 Annual General Meeting under ASX Listing Rule 10.14.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                           79




                    Table 7-4 (a) Details of, and movements in, equity rights and ordinary shares of the Company Executive KMP
                    The following table summarises holdings and movements of rights and ordinary shares held (directly, indirectly or beneficially, including by
                    related parties) over the reporting period (or KMP portion of the period), including grants, transactions and forfeits, by value and by number.
                    See Table 7-5 for further details of the terms and conditions of those rights.

                                                                                    Granted/acquired2                                             Exercised3                   Forfeited/
                        Type                                Held at start1           Number           Value ($)       No. vested             Number           Value ($)6        disposed4       Held at end1,5
                        Executive Director
                        F Calabria
                        Options                                   401,288                    —                 —                  —                   —                —          401,288                    0
                        Performance Share Rights                  872,147           198,980           630,767              111,375            111,375          676,046            341,367            618,385
                        Restricted Share Rights                   419,403           198,978          1,122,236                    0                   0                 0                 0          618,381
                        Shares7                                1,039,642             310,071         1,218,006                    —                   —                —                  0        1,349,713




For personal use only
                        Other Executive KMP
                        J Briskin
                        Options                                    86,910                    —                 —                  0                   0                 0           86,910                   0
                        Performance Share Rights                  263,197            65,002            235,957             30,937            30,937             187,788            94,825           202,437
                        Restricted Share Rights                   137,433            65,004            398,475                    0                   0                 0                 0         202,437
                        Matching Rights                                720               367              2,227                528                528             2,943                   0               559
                        Shares7                                  389,065             123,018          556,720                     —                   —                —                  0          512,083
                        G Jarvis
                        Options                                     93,219                   —                 —                  0                   0                 0           93,219                   0
                        Performance Share Rights                  274,633             65,748          238,665             33,000             33,000            200,310             101,146          206,235
                        Restricted Share Rights                  140,490              65,751          403,054                     0                   0                 0                 0          206,241
                        Matching Rights                                720               367              2,227                528                528             2,943                   0               559
                        Shares7                                  268,800            127,530            571,733                    —                   —                —                   -        396,330
                        A Thornton
                        Options                                    34,925                    —                 —                  0                   0                 0          34,925                    0
                        Performance Share Rights                    87,091            61,883          224,635              10,725             10,725              65,101           32,873            105,376
                        Restricted Share Rights                     43,491            61,881           379,331                    0                   0                 0                 0          105,372
                        Matching Rights                                720               367              2,227                528                528             2,943                   0               559
                        Shares7                                   126,949            112,823            618,125                   —                   —                —                  0          239,772
                        L Tremaine
                        Performance Share Rights                 322,983              73,281          266,010              41,250             41,250           250,388            126,432           228,582
                        Restricted Share Rights                   155,301             73,281           449,213                    0                   0                 0                 0         228,582
                        Matching Rights                                720               367              2,227                528                528             2,943                   0               559
                        Shares7                                   728,645           152,658            675,195                    —                   —                —                  0          881,303

                    1 The number of instruments that were held at the start/end of the reporting period.
                    2 Rights to equity and shares in the Company granted to Executive KMP during the reporting period under the Equity Incentive Plan, as listed in Table 7-3. These were provided
                         at no cost to the recipients.
                    3 All rights currently listed in this table are automatically exercised upon vesting.
                    4 Forfeited Options and PSRs were granted on 30 August 2017, 18 October 2017, 30 August 2019 and 18 October 2019.
                    5 Other than rights and shares disclosed elsewhere in this Remuneration Report, no other equity instruments, including shares in the Company, were granted to KMP during
                         the period.
                    6 After vesting and after payment of any exercise price. The value of rights exercised is calculated as the closing market price of the Company’s shares on the ASX on the date
                         of exercise, after deducting any exercise price. The exercise price for all of the rights referenced in this table is nil.
                    7 Shares include purchases and transfers in, and shares received upon the vesting and exercise of share rights (F Calabria: 111,375; J Briskin: 31,465; G Jarvis: 33,528; A Thornton:
                         11,253; L Tremaine: 41,778). It includes allotments of fully paid ordinary shares purchased by the Executive under the MSP (number of shares acquired: G Jarvis 734; J Briskin
                         734; A Thornton: 734; L Tremaine: 734). The value of shares shown relates to the value of restricted shares granted (as set out in Table 7-3). No value is attributed to the balance
                         of shares acquired, as they represent shares arising from the exercise of share rights (the value of which is shown in the relevant share rights line of this table) or shares purchased
                         by the Executive under the MSP.
                        80                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                    Table 7-4 (b) Details of, and movements in, ordinary shares of the Company – NEDs

                                                                        Type                                     Held at start1             Acquired2              Disposed3           Held at end1,4
                        NEDs — current5
                        I Atlas                                         Shares                                         50,000                        0                      0               50,000
                        M Brenner                                       Shares                                          28,367                       0                      0                28,367
                        G Lalicker                                      Shares                                       100,000                         0                      0             100,000
                        M McCormack                                     Shares                                       100,000                         0                      0             100,000
                        S Perkins                                       Shares                                         80,000                        0                      0               80,000
                        S Sargent                                       Shares                                          41,429                       0                      0                41,429
                        N Scheinkestel                                  Shares                                          33,365                       0                      0                33,365
                        J Withers6                                      Shares                                         26,000                   3,980                       0               29,980




For personal use only
                        NEDs — former
                        B Morgan7                                       Shares                                          47,143                       0                      0                47,143

                    1 The number of instruments held at the start/end of the reporting period.
                    2 Purchases and transfers in.
                    3 Sales and transfers out.
                    4 Other than shares disclosed elsewhere in this Remuneration Report, no other equity instruments, including shares in the Company, were granted to KMP during the period.
                    5 NEDs are not issued shares under any incentive or equity plans. Acquisitions include purchases of shares on market, or pursuant to the Company’s dividend reinvestment plan
                         or the August 2015 Entitlement Offer.
                    6 At the start/end of the reporting period, J Withers did not hold any NEDSP share rights. On 2 September 2022, J Withers was granted 3,980 NEDSP share rights pursuant to
                         a salary sacrifice arrangement under the NEDSP. Each NEDSP share right had a value of $6.28, being the VWAP of Origin shares traded on the ASX over the five trading days
                         period ending the day before the grant date (total value of $24,994). On 23 February 2023, all the NEDSP share rights vested and were automatically exercised into 3,980 fully
                         paid ordinary shares, subject to a disposal restriction in accordance with the terms of the NEDSP. The value of the NEDSP share rights exercised was $31,840 and is calculated
                         as the closing market price of the Company’s shares on the ASX on the date of exercise ($8.00).
                    7 B Morgan retired on 19 October 2022. As such, the ‘held at end’ balance is at this date.
                    Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                      81




                    Table 7-5 Summary of share rights outstanding
                    The table below lists all the share rights outstanding at 30 June 2023 that have been granted to current or former employees (including
                    Executive Directors and Executive KMP) under equity-based incentive plans. Equity-based incentives are not granted to NEDs. No terms of
                    equity-settled share-based transactions have been altered or modified subsequent to grant. Share rights that failed to meet their performance
                    hurdles on test dates on or before 30 June 2023 lapsed effective on that test date. Details of awards granted in prior years, including applicable
                    service and performance conditions, are summarised in prior remuneration reports corresponding to the reporting period in which the awards
                    were granted.

                                                                                                                                                         Number                                Earliest
                        Granted                                                                        Number outstanding                            held by KMP                             vest date1
                        Performance Share Rights
                        3-Nov-20                                                                                       933,721                             391,573                          21-Aug-23
                        6-Sep-21                                                                                    1,018,466                             268,559                           26-Aug-24




For personal use only
                        20-Oct-21                                                                                     235,989                             235,989                           26-Aug-24
                        5-Sep-22                                                                                    1,002,438                              265,914                          25-Aug-25
                        19-Oct-22                                                                                     198,980                             198,980                           25-Aug-25
                        Restricted Share Rights
                        3-Nov-20                                                                                       315,246                             130,524                          21-Aug-23
                        3-Nov-20                                                                                       315,246                             130,524                          26-Aug-24
                        3-Nov-20                                                                                       315,246                             130,524                          25-Aug-25
                        6-Sep-21                                                                                      344,630                               89,519                          26-Aug-24
                        6-Sep-21                                                                                      344,630                               89,519                          25-Aug-25
                        6-Sep-21                                                                                      344,630                               89,519                          24-Aug-26
                        20-Oct-21                                                                                       78,663                              78,663                          26-Aug-24
                        20-Oct-21                                                                                       78,663                              78,663                          25-Aug-25
                        20-Oct-21                                                                                       78,663                              78,663                          24-Aug-26
                        5-Sep-22                                                                                      338,236                               88,639                          25-Aug-25
                        5-Sep-22                                                                                      338,236                               88,639                          24-Aug-26
                        5-Sep-22                                                                                      338,236                               88,639                          23-Aug-27
                        19-Oct-22                                                                                      66,326                               66,326                          25-Aug-25
                        19-Oct-22                                                                                      66,326                               66,326                          24-Aug-26
                        19-Oct-22                                                                                      66,326                               66,326                          23-Aug-27
                        Matching Rights
                        25-Feb-22                                                                                       52,959                                  392                         20-Oct-23
                        6-May-22                                                                                        50,139                                  376                         20-Oct-23
                        1-Sep-22                                                                                        47,348                                  352                         20-Oct-23
                        24-Oct-22                                                                                       62,021                                 464                          20-Oct-23
                        23-Feb-23                                                                                      53,406                                   336                          21-Oct-24
                        31-Mar-23                                                                                      50,325                                   316                          21-Oct-24

                    1 The vest date for PSRs and RSRs granted since 2018 does not include the trading restriction of approximately one to two years that applies to the shares allocated on vesting.
                         Where no expiry is given, automatic exercise applies at vesting. To the extent that rights fail to meet the relevant performance conditions, they will lapse effective on the test
                         date, which may be on or before the vest date.


                    Loans to Key Management Personnel

                    No loans have been made, guaranteed or secured, directly or indirectly, by Origin or any of its subsidiaries, at any time throughout the year,
                    in relation to any KMP including to a KMP-related party.


                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                    Scott Perkins                              Frank Calabria
                    Chairman                                   Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

                    Sydney, 17 August 2023                     Sydney, 17 August 2023
                        82                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                    Lead Auditor’s
                    Independence Declaration


                                                                          Ernst & Young                        Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                          200 George Street                    Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                          Sydney NSW 2000 Australia            ey.com/au
                                                                          GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




For personal use only
                             Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors of Origin Energy
                             Limited
                             As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Origin Energy Limited for the financial year
                             ended 30 June 2023, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:


                                  a) No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                     relation to the audit;


                                  b) No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

                                  c) No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                                     relation to the audit.

                             This declaration is in respect of Origin Energy Limited and the entities it controlled during the financial
                             year.




                             Ernst & Young




                             Andrew Price
                             Partner
                             Sydney
                             17 August 2023




                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                      83




                    Financial
                    Statements
                    30 June 2023




For personal use only
                    Primary statements                           C Operating assets                            G Other information
                    Income statement
                                                                   and liabilities                             G1   Contingent liabilities
                    Statement of comprehensive income            C1   Trade and other receivables              G2   Commitments
                    Statement of financial position              C2   Exploration and evaluation assets        G3   Share-based payments
                    Statement of changes in equity               C3   Property, plant and equipment            G4   Related party disclosures
                    Statement of cash flows                      C4   Intangible assets                        G5   Key management personnel
                                                                 C5   Provisions                               G6   Notes to the statement of cash flows
                    Notes to the                                 C6   Other financial assets and liabilities   G7   Auditors' remuneration
                    financial statements                         C7   Impairment of non-current assets         G8   Master netting or similar agreements
                                                                                                               G9   Deed of Cross Guarantee
                    Overview
                                                                 D Capital, funding and                        G10 Parent entity disclosures
                    A Results for the year                         risk management                             G11 Government grants and assistance

                    A1   Segments                                                                              G12 Subsequent events
                                                                 D1   Capital management
                    A2   Revenue
                    A3   Other income
                                                                 D2   Interest-bearing liabilities             Directors’ Declaration
                                                                 D3   Contributed equity
                    A4   Expenses
                                                                 D4   Financial risk management                Independent
                    A5   Results of equity accounted investees
                                                                 D5   Fair value of financial assets           Auditor’s Report
                    A6   Earnings per share                           and liabilities
                    A7   Dividends
                                                                 E Taxation
                    B Investment in
                                                                 E1   Income tax expense
                      equity accounted                           E2   Deferred tax
                      joint ventures
                      and associates                             F    Group structure
                    B1   Interests in equity accounted joint     F1   Controlled entities
                         ventures and associates                 F2   Business combinations
                    B2   Investment in APLNG                     F3   Joint arrangements and investments
                    B3   Investment in Octopus Energy                 in associates
                         Holdings Limited                        F4   Assets and liabilities held for sale
                    B4   Transactions between the Group and           and disposals
                         equity accounted investees
                        84                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023


                    Income statement
                    for the year ended 30 June




                                                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                                                Note            $m               $m


                        Revenue                                                                                  A2          16,481          14,461
                        Other income                                                                             A3             45              150
                        Expenses                                                                                 A4         (16,229)        (16,315)
                        Results of equity accounted investees                                                    A5           1,324             959
                        Interest income                                                                          A3              51               61
                        Interest expense                                                                         A4            (194)           (190)
                        Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                       1,478            (874)
                        Income tax expense                                                                           E1       (420)            (551)
                        Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                           1,058           (1,425)




For personal use only
                        Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
                        Members of the parent entity                                                                          1,055          (1,429)
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                 3               4
                        Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                           1,058           (1,425)


                        Earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                 A6       61.3 cents     (81.5) cents
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                               A6       60.9 cents     (81.5) cents


                    The income statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                 85


                    Statement of comprehensive income
                    for the year ended 30 June




                                                                                                                                      2023     2022
                                                                                                               Note                     $m       $m


                        Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                1,058       (1,425)


                        Other comprehensive income


                        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax
                        Actuarial gain on defined benefit superannuation plan                                   E1                       -         1
                        Investment valuation changes                                                            E1                       9         3
                        Items that can be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax
                        Foreign currency translation reserve:
                         Reclassified to income statement                                                       E1                     (62)     (103)




For personal use only
                         Translation of foreign operations                                                      E1                     290      598
                        Cash flow hedges:
                         Reclassified to income statement                                                       E1                (1,557)       (310)
                         Effective portion of change in fair value                                              E1                    (303)   2,385
                        Total other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                              (1,623)     2,574
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                       (565)    1,149


                        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
                        Members of the parent entity                                                                                  (568)    1,144
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                        3         5
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                       (565)    1,149


                    The statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.
                        86                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023


                    Statement of financial position
                    as at 30 June




                                                                                                                                     2023            2022


                                                                                                                Note                    $m             $m
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     463             620
                        Trade and other receivables                                                              C1                  2,548           3,371
                        Inventories                                                                                                    180            182
                        Derivatives                                                                              D4                  1,100           3,174
                        Other financial assets                                                                   C6                   467             860
                        Assets classified as held for sale                                                       F4                    101               -
                        Other assets                                                                                                   120             90
                        Total current assets                                                                                        4,979           8,297




For personal use only
                        Non-current assets
                        Trade and other receivables                                                              C1                    60              45
                        Derivatives                                                                              D4                  1,576          3,075
                        Other financial assets                                                                   C6                    341            243
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                        A5                  6,255          6,245
                        Property, plant and equipment (PP&E)                                                     C3                  3,169           3,255
                        Exploration and evaluation assets                                                        C2                       -           286
                        Intangible assets                                                                        C4                  2,493           2,523
                        Other assets                                                                                                    75              51
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                    13,969          15,723
                        Total assets                                                                                                18,948         24,020
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                     2,152          3,485
                        Payables to joint ventures                                                                                     136             131
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                             D2                    192            316
                        Derivatives                                                                              D4                    901           1,590
                        Other financial liabilities                                                              C6                    418            727
                        Provision for income tax                                                                                      455              59
                        Employee benefits                                                                                              277            242
                        Provisions                                                                               C5                   229             378
                        Liabilities classified as held for sale                                                  F4                     15               -
                        Total current liabilities                                                                                    4,775          6,928
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                             D2                 3,066           3,074
                        Derivatives                                                                              D4                   1,174          1,744
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 E2                   386            1,359
                        Employee benefits                                                                                               50             37
                        Provisions                                                                               C5                   586             856
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                               5,262           7,070
                        Total liabilities                                                                                           10,037         13,998
                        Net assets                                                                                                   8,911         10,022
                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                       D3                  6,901           6,877
                        Reserves                                                                                                     1,492           3,109
                        Retained earnings                                                                                             498               11
                        Total parent entity interest                                                                                 8,891          9,997
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                       20             25
                        Total equity                                                                                                 8,911         10,022


                    The statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                         87


                    Statement of changes in equity
                    for the year ended 30 June




                                                                                   Foreign
                                                                 Share-based      currency                       Fair                        Non-
                                                     Contributed   payments     translation     Hedge          value     Retained      controlling     Total
                        $m                                equity      reserve      reserve     reserve       reserve     earnings        interests    equity


                        Balance as at 1 July 2022         6,877         237           716       2,147             9            11             25     10,022
                        Profit/(loss)                          -           -             -          -              -        1,055               3     1,058
                        Other
                        comprehensive income                   -           -          228      (1,860)            9                -            -    (1,623)
                        Total comprehensive
                        income for the year                    -           -          228      (1,860)            9         1,055               3     (565)
                        Dividends provided for
                        or paid                                -           -             -          -              -         (568)             (8)     (576)




For personal use only
                        Movement in contributed
                        equity (refer to note D3)            24            -             -          -              -               -            -        24
                        Share-based payments                   -           6             -          -              -               -            -         6
                        Total transactions with
                        owners recorded directly
                        in equity                            24            6             -          -              -        (568)              (8)    (546)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023        6,901         243           944         287            18          498              20      8,911


                        Balance as at 1 July 2021         7,138         226           222          72             5         1,792             20      9,475
                        Profit/(loss)                          -           -             -          -              -       (1,429)              4    (1,425)
                        Other
                        comprehensive income                   -           -          494       2,075             4                -            1     2,574
                        Total comprehensive
                        income for the year                    -           -          494       2,075             4        (1,429)              5     1,149
                        Dividends provided for
                        or paid                                -           -             -          -              -         (352)              -      (352)
                        On-market share buy-back
                        (refer to note D3)                 (250)           -             -          -              -               -            -      (250)
                        Movement in contributed
                        equity (refer to note D3)            (11)          -             -          -              -               -            -        (11)
                        Share-based payments                   -          11             -          -              -               -            -         11
                        Total transactions with
                        owners recorded directly
                        in equity                          (261)          11             -          -              -        (352)               -     (602)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2022        6,877         237           716       2,147             9            11             25     10,022


                    The statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.
                        88                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023


                    Statement of cash flows
                    for the year ended 30 June




                                                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                                                       Note       $m               $m


                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                               18,972           14,663
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                   (19,596)        (14,105)
                        Government grants received                                                                     G11       184                 -
                        Cash (used in)/from operations                                                                          (440)            558
                        Income tax paid, net of refunds received                                                                 (193)            (27)
                        Net cash (used in)/from operating activities                                                   G6       (633)            531


                        Cash flows from investing activities




For personal use only
                        Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                            (372)            (162)
                        Acquisition of exploration and evaluation assets                                                          (11)            (65)
                        Acquisition of other assets                                                                              (92)            (109)
                        Investment in Octopus Energy                                                                             (173)          (268)
                        Acquisition of other investments                                                                         (32)            (124)
                        Interest received from other parties                                                                      43                2
                        Net proceeds from sale of non-current assets                                                              72                6
                        Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) investing cash flows
                         Divestment of ten per cent share in APLNG                                                                  -           1,957
                         Receipt of Mandatorily Redeemable Cumulative Preference Shares (MRCPS) interest                            -             50
                         Receipt of unfranked dividends                                                                         1,783            433
                         Proceeds from APLNG buy-back of MRCPS                                                                      -            1,112
                        Net cash from investing activities                                                                      1,218          2,832


                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                               1,050           2,896
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                                (1,265)         (4,752)
                        Joint venture operator cash call movements                                                                66              (70)
                        Settlement of foreign currency contracts                                                                  (48)            (46)
                        Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) cash deposits                                                   290            (290)
                        Interest paid1                                                                                           (163)           (191)
                        Repayment of lease principal                                                                              (71)            (73)
                        Dividends paid to shareholders of Origin Energy Ltd, net of Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)            (568)            (313)
                        Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                (8)              (1)
                        Repayment of Debt Service Reserve Account (DSRA) loan to equity accounted investees                         -             (51)
                        Buy back of shares on-market                                                                   D3           -           (250)
                        Purchase of shares on-market (treasury shares)                                                 D3          (4)            (75)
                        Net cash used in financing activities                                                                   (721)          (3,216)


                        Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (136)            147
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                   620             472
                        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                                    (1)               1
                        Cash and cash equivalents held for sale at the end of the year                                  F4       (20)                -
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                         463             620

                    1 Includes $21 million (2022: $17 million) of interest payments on leases.


                    The statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                               89




                    Overview                                        On 27 June 2023, the AASB issued                  These factors have had wider impacts
                                                                    amendments to AASB 112 Income                     on consumers, businesses and the
                    Origin Energy Limited (the Company) is a        Taxes. The amendments to AASB 112                 overall economy.
                    for-profit company domiciled in Australia.      give companies temporary relief from
                    The address of the Company’s registered                                                           The Group’s operating environment has
                                                                    accounting for deferred taxes arising
                    office is Level 32, Tower 1, 100 Barangaroo                                                       become less volatile with a lower
                                                                    from the Organisation for Economic Co-
                    Avenue, Barangaroo NSW 2000. The                                                                  commodity price environment in the
                                                                    operation and Development’s international
                    nature of the operations and principal                                                            current year.
                                                                    tax reform (Pillar Two income taxes)
                    activities of the Company and its controlled    and also introduce qualitative and                The economic impacts of the changes
                    entities (the Group or Origin) are described    quantitative disclosures to assist the            in the Group's operating environment
                    in the segment information in note A1.          users of financial statements to better           due to market conditions have
                    On 17 August 2023, the Directors resolved       understand a company’s exposure to                implications for various line items in the
                    to authorise the issue of these consolidated    income taxes arising from the reform,             financial statements.
                    general purpose financial statements for the    particularly before legislation implementing
                                                                    the rules is in effect. The temporary relief      Binding Scheme




For personal use only
                    year ended 30 June 2023.
                                                                    from accounting for deferred taxes was            Implementation Deed
                    Basis of preparation                            applicable immediately and retrospectively
                                                                                                                      On 27 March 2023 the Company
                                                                    upon issue of the amendments while the
                    The financial statements have                                                                     entered into a binding Scheme
                                                                    disclosure requirements are effective for
                    been prepared:                                                                                    Implementation Deed (the Scheme) with
                                                                    the Group for reporting periods beginning
                                                                                                                      the Consortium comprising affiliates
                    •   in accordance with the requirements         1 July 2023.
                                                                                                                      of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.
                        of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth),         The Group has applied the temporary               (Brookfield Renewable), together with its
                        Australian Accounting Standards and         relief from accounting for and disclosing         institutional partners and certain other
                        other authoritative pronouncements of       information about deferred tax assets and         global institutional investors, and MidOcean
                        the Australian Accounting Standards         liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes.   Energy, an entity managed by EIG Partners,
                        Board (AASB), and International
                                                                    As at the reporting date, the Group               for the acquisition of all the issued shares
                        Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
                                                                    continues to monitor the developments             in the Company (the Scheme Transaction).
                        issued by the International Accounting
                                                                    around the implementation and enactment           Subject to the conditions of the Scheme,
                        Standards Board;
                                                                    of Pillar Two income taxes in the                 Brookfield Renewable and its institutional
                    •   on a historical cost basis, except for                                                        partners and investors will own the Energy
                                                                    jurisdictions it operates in and the detailed
                        derivatives and other financial assets                                                        Markets business and Corporate functions
                                                                    impact assessment of the amendments to
                        and liabilities that are measured at fair                                                     and MidOcean Energy will acquire the
                                                                    AASB 112 is ongoing.
                        value; and                                                                                    Integrated Gas business which includes
                    •   on a going concern basis.                   Use of judgements and estimates                   Origin’s investment in APLNG.

                    The financial statements:                       Preparing the financial statements in             The Company and the Consortium are
                                                                    conformity with Australian Accounting             targeting implementation of the Scheme
                    •   are presented in Australian dollars;
                                                                    Standards requires management to make             by early in the 2024 calendar year. The
                    •   are rounded to the nearest million                                                            actual timing for implementation of the
                                                                    judgements and apply estimates and
                        dollars, unless otherwise stated, in                                                          Scheme will depend on the timing for
                                                                    assumptions that affect the reported
                        accordance with Australian Securities                                                         satisfaction of the required regulatory and
                                                                    amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
                        and Investments Commission (ASIC)                                                             shareholder approvals. The Consortium
                                                                    expenses. The estimates and associated
                        Corporations (Rounding in Financial/                                                          lodged an application with the Australian
                                                                    assumptions, which are based on
                        Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191;                                                      Competition and Consumer Commission
                                                                    historical experience and various other
                    •   do not early adopt any Accounting           factors believed to be reasonable under           on 5 June 2023, in accordance with the
                        Standards and Interpretations that have     the circumstances, form the basis of              terms of the Scheme.
                        been issued or amended but are not yet      judgements about carrying values of
                        effective; and
                                                                                                                      Climate change
                                                                    assets and liabilities that are not readily
                    •   present reclassified comparative            apparent from other sources. Actual               Origin’s ambition is to lead the energy
                        information where required for              results may differ from these estimates.          transition through cleaner energy and
                        consistency with the current                Throughout the notes to the financial             customer solutions. With a long-term
                        period's presentation.                      statements, further information is provided       ambition to achieve net-zero emissions
                                                                    about key management judgements and               by 2050, the Group is committed to
                    New standards and interpretations               estimates that we consider material to the        progressively decarbonising its business
                    not yet adopted                                 financial statements.                             and providing the solutions to help
                                                                                                                      customers transition to a low-carbon future.
                    A number of new standards, amendments           The Group's
                    to standards and interpretations are                                                              The Group has identified certain key
                                                                    operating environment
                    effective for annual periods beginning after                                                      physical and transition risks relating to
                    1 July 2023, which have not been applied in     In the prior year, the Group's operating          climate change. These include potential
                    preparing the Group’s financial statements.     environment experienced very challenging          changes in market supply and demand for
                    None of these are expected to have a            energy market conditions, with high               energy, government policy and regulation
                    significant effect on the Group with the        prices and periods of supply constraints.         in relation to climate change, extreme
                    exception of AASB 2023-2 Amendments             This was most evident with the Ukraine            weather events and other
                    to Australian Accounting Standards –            war and the move by many countries
                    International Tax Reform – Pillar Two           away from importing energy from Russia.
                    Model Rules.                                    This drove higher global energy prices
                                                                    and caused countries to place greater
                                                                    national importance on energy security.
                        90                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                    Overview (continued)                                        namely, the recoverable amount estimates                  Climate scenarios – assumptions
                                                                                in the Energy Markets Generation CGU                      and methodology
                    technological advancements that might                       (note C7), useful life assumptions of Eraring
                    occur as the transition to a low-carbon                     in calculating depreciation expense (note                 Although all potential financial reporting
                    economy unfolds.                                            C3) and timing of associated restoration                  consequences under any climate scenario
                    The Group continues to monitor climate-                     activities recognised in the provision                    are impracticable to fully assess, the Group
                    related legislation and policies that                       balance (note C5).                                        has used the following assumptions in order
                    impact the financial statements and will                                                                              to assess the impact of a climate scenario to
                                                                                The Group recognises the increase in
                    incorporate any required changes as                                                                                   the financial statements.
                                                                                legislative momentum to address climate
                    they arise. We recognise that there is                      change-related risks and opportunities,                   IEA APS and IEA NZE Scenarios
                    significant uncertainty around the pace                     including the Australian Government’s
                    of decarbonisation and differing pathways                                                                             The IEA APS and IEA NZE scenarios
                                                                                emissions reduction target legislated in
                    to net zero across the global economy.                                                                                released in the WEO 2022 present
                                                                                September 2022 and the amendments
                    Future changes to the Group’s ambition                                                                                commodity pricing starting from historical
                                                                                to the Safeguard Mechanism which have
                                                                                                                                          market balances in 2021. To reflect the




For personal use only
                    or realisation of global decarbonisation                    come into force mid-2023. The Group has
                    ambitions quicker or more slowly than                                                                                 economic challenges the business will face
                                                                                considered the impact of these legislative
                    currently anticipated may impact some of                                                                              in the energy transition, the Group has used
                                                                                requirements in line with accounting
                    the Group’s significant judgements and                                                                                the oil, LNG and carbon prices from the
                                                                                standard requirements, with no impairment
                    key estimates.                                                                                                        Group’s FY2024 base case assumptions
                                                                                required as at 30 June 2023 due to the
                                                                                                                                          used for impairment assessment and
                    In preparing the financial statements, the                  introduction of the Safeguard Mechanism.
                                                                                                                                          assumed a straight-line interpolation to the
                    key judgements and estimates consider                                                                                 earliest subsequent period provided by the
                                                                                Paris Agreement and climate scenarios
                    a range of economic conditions that are                                                                               IEA APS and IEA NZE scenarios. A straight-
                    forecast to exist over the remaining useful                 The Group unequivocally supports the goal                 line interpolation is then assumed between
                    lives of the Group's assets, including                      of the Paris Agreement and believes the                   each of the IEA price points provided up
                    expectations about future operations,                       world must pursue efforts to limit global                 to 2050, where prices are held flat for any
                    the current outlook for commodity                           average temperature rise to 1.5°C above                   subsequent periods. As all prices presented
                    prices, discount rates, capital expenditure                 preindustrial levels. The Group recognises                in the IEA WEO 2022 are 2021 real unit
                    requirements and market supply and                          that there are a range of possible energy                 pricing, the Group has adjusted these prices
                    demand profiles. Climate change-related                     transition scenarios that align to this goal.             by an assumed 2.5% per annum inflation
                    risks will impact those areas of the financial                                                                        factor to reflect 2023 real unit pricing.
                                                                               In line with our commitment at the 2022
                    statements that are subject to estimation
                                                                               Annual General Meeting, we have disclosed                  Woodmac 2022 AET-1.5°C Scenario
                    uncertainties and can also introduce more
                                                                               the estimates and judgements used in
                    volatility in assets and liabilities carried at                                                                       The Woodmac 2022 AET-1.5°C scenario
                                                                               presenting a quantified climate analysis.
                    fair value.                                                                                                           presents commodity pricing for each
                                                                               The Group’s climate scenarios disclosed are
                    Climate change-related risks impact the                                                                               year through to 2050 based on 2022
                                                                               based on the following:
                    significant judgements and estimates in the                                                                           real unit pricing. For use in the Group’s
                                                                               •   International Energy Agency (IEA) Net                  scenario analysis, these prices have
                    following notes to the financial statements:
                                                                                   Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario (NZE)                  been uplifted by an assumed 2.5%
                    •    B2 - Investment in APLNG                                  as presented in their World Energy                     inflation factor to reflect 2023 real unit
                    •    C3 - Property, plant and equipment                        Outlook 2022 (WEO 2022) (November                      pricing. No other adjustments have been
                                                                                   2022) publication.                                     made to the Woodmac 2022 AET-1.5°C
                    •    C4 - Intangible assets
                                                                               •   Wood Mackenzie1 (Woodmac) 2022                         commodity pricing.
                    •    C5 - Provisions - restoration
                                                                                   Accelerated energy transition 1.5-                     Limitations of scenario analysis
                    •    C7 - Impairment of non-current assets                     degree scenario (2022 AET-1.5°C).
                    •    D5 - Fair value of financial assets                                                                              Scenarios do not constitute definitive
                                                                               •   IEA Announced Pledges scenario (APS)                   outcomes or probabilities, and scenario
                         and liabilities                                           (WEO 2022).                                            analysis relies on assumptions that may or
                    In February 2022, the Group announced                      Both the IEA NZE and Woodmac 2022                          may not be, or prove to be, correct and may
                    plans to accelerate its exit from coal-fired               AET-1.5°C scenarios are intended to be                     or may not eventuate. Scenarios may also
                    power generation submitting notice to the                  consistent with the goal of the Paris                      be impacted by additional factors to the
                    Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO)                   Agreement to limit average temperature                     assumptions disclosed.
                    of its intention to bring forward the closure              rise to 1.5°C.
                    of the Eraring Power Station (Eraring) to                                                                             While each of the climate scenarios
                    as early as August 2025. Prevailing market                 However, the Group recognises that                         presented are founded on differing
                    conditions will continue to be assessed                    globally we may not be on a trajectory                     assumptions, central themes across each
                    which will help inform the final timing for                consistent with the IEA NZE 1.5°C pathway                  of these scenarios include the need for
                    closure of all four units at Eraring.                      and therefore have also included the IEA                   swift policy action, technological uplift, and
                                                                               APS scenario. The APS scenario considers                   investment in the energy transition on an
                    As at 30 June 2023 and consistent with the                 the impact of all pledges announced as of                  unprecedented global scale. It is difficult to
                    prior year, a closure date of August 2025,                 September 2022 by governments to meet                      predict, which if any, of these assumptions
                    the end of the required three and a half                   net zero goals, and is estimated to limit the              and scenarios may eventuate.
                    year notice period to AEMO, remains the                    global average temperature rise to 1.7°C.
                    Group’s best estimate of useful life and has                                                                          Furthermore, the IEA has recognised that
                    been used in the accounting assessments                                                                               the transition is extremely challenging
                    presented within these financial statements;                                                                          and that globally we are not on the IEA
                                                                                                                                          NZE pathway.
                    1
                        The data and information were obtained from the Accelerated Energy Transition 1.5-degree scenario 2022, a product of Wood Mackenzie. Wood Mackenzie is a global insight
                        business for renewables, energy and natural resources. The data and information provided by Wood Mackenzie should not be considered advice; be relied upon; copied or
                        used except as expressly permitted by Wood Mackenzie. Wood Mackenzie takes no responsibility for the use of this data or information except as specified in an agreement
                        with Wood Mackenzie. For further information on their operations refer to their website: https://www.woodmac.com/
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                       91




                    Overview (continued)                                                            Carbon                              provide further opportunities for the retail
                                                                               USD/t                                                    business. The climate scenario valuation
                    The Group’s base case assumptions used                                                                              assumes closure of Eraring in August 2025,
                                                                               320
                    for impairment consider the most current                                                                            which therefore limits the exposure of the
                    observable and actual market conditions                                                                             carrying value of assets in the Energy
                    to develop management’s best estimate                      240
                                                                                                                                        Markets segment to long-term commodity
                    of future economic outcomes as required                                                                             price movements. There is no expected
                    by the Accounting Standards. Therefore                      160                                                     impact to the useful lives of the remaining
                    in its design, the Group’s base case                                                                                assets or restoration and rehabilitation
                    assumptions used for impairment differ to                   80                                                      provisions under the IEA NZE scenario.
                    the key assumptions used in the scenarios
                    presented in the climate analysis.                                                                                  Accounting standards require any decision
                                                                                  0                                                     as to impairments or reversals to be
                    Notwithstanding, the Group will continue                               2025     2030      2040       2050           based on management’s best estimate
                    to take action across the business both                                                                             of economic conditions over the assets




For personal use only
                    now and beyond 2030 with the ambition                             IEA APS              Woodmac 2022                 remaining useful life. Given the IEA
                    of reaching net zero Scope 1, 2 and 3                             scenario             AET-1.5°C
                                                                                                                                        NZE scenario is not viewed as the
                                                                                                           scenario
                    emissions across our value chain by 2050.                                                                           most likely economic outcome, it is
                                                                                      IEA NZE
                    Commodity price assumptions 2                                                                                       not an appropriate basis on which to
                                                                                      scenario
                                                                                                                                        determine or quantify impairment or
                    The commodity prices used in the climate                                                                            potential impairment reversals. Historical
                    scenarios are as follows (presented in 2023                                                                         impairments within the Energy Markets
                    real unit pricing):                                        The AEMO “Strong Electrification” scenario               segment have largely pertained to goodwill,
                                                                               per their 2022 Electricity Statement of                  which, in accordance with accounting
                                          Brent Oil                            Opportunities (August 2022) (ESOO)                       standards, cannot be reversed.
                    USD/bbl                                                    publication provides supply and demand
                                                                               forecasts for both the gas and electricity               Investment in APLNG
                        100
                                                                               sector that are aligned with the IEA                     For the Group’s investment in APLNG,
                                                                               NZE scenario. The AEMO “Strong                           the outcomes of the climate scenarios are
                         75
                                                                               Electrification” forecasts are used in                   as follows:
                                                                               conjunction with the IEA NZE commodity
                        50                                                     assumptions in the graphs above to develop                                                              $m
                                                                               relevant energy market pricing.
                                                                                                                                         Carrying value as at 30 June 2023         5,469
                         25
                                                                               In presenting the quantified climate                        Impairment arising in
                                                                               analyses, we have assumed in all climate                    selected scenarios:
                         0                                                     scenarios that carbon pricing has been
                                                                                                                                           IEA APS                                      nil
                                   2025    2030       2040      2050           applied to Scope 1 emissions above the
                                                                               estimated Safeguard Mechanism facility                      Woodmac 2022 AET-1.5°C                       nil
                              IEA APS             Woodmac 2022                 baseline and all Scope 2 emissions. For the                 IEA NZE                                 2,440
                              scenario            AET-1.5°C
                                                                               IEA NZE and Woodmac 2022 AET-1.5°C
                                                  scenario
                                                                               scenarios, the Group has also assumed                    The climate analysis disclosed is presented
                              IEA NZE
                                                                               a net zero grid by 2035 and therefore                    based on the adjustment of pricing
                              scenario
                                                                               has no Scope 2 emissions beyond 2035.                    assumptions alone, the exception being
                                                                               This is intended to be consistent with                   the IEA NZE and Woodmac 2022
                                                                               the economic principles that support the                 AET-1.5°C scenarios where no scope
                                             LNG                               AEMO “Strong Electrification” scenario and               2 emissions are assumed from 2035
                    USD/mmbtu                                                  has therefore been applied when modelling                onwards. This is intended to be consistent
                        40                                                     these selected 1.5°C scenarios.                          with the assumption of the net zero
                                                                               The quantified impact of applying                        grid by 2035 applied in the AEMO
                        30                                                     the climate scenarios to the financial                   “Strong Electrification” scenario. No other
                                                                               statements are as follows:                               adjustments or mitigating actions have
                        20
                                                                                                                                        been applied and all modelling is
                                                                               Energy Markets                                           conducted in accordance with AASB and
                                                                               For Energy Markets, the application of the               IFRS measurement requirements.
                        10
                                                                               IEA NZE and AEMO “Strong Electrification”                In practice these valuations do not reflect
                                                                               climate scenarios result in a net favourable             any actions management may take in order
                         0                                                     position compared to the outlook from                    to reduce negative outcomes and further
                                  2025    2030       2040       2050           the base case assumptions used for                       grow the business. If presented with such
                                                                               impairment, benefiting existing assets such              a sustained low-price environment, APLNG
                              IEA APS             Woodmac 2022
                                                                               as the peaking generation fleet and Power                would adjust future long-term expenditure,
                              scenario            AET-1.5°C
                                                  scenario                     Purchase Agreements (PPAs). Increased                    production and operations in order to
                                                                               electrification of the National Electricity              reduce the overall unfavourable impact,
                              IEA NZE
                              scenario                                         Market (NEM) and other growth areas                      therefore the illustrative impairments
                                                                               such as electric vehicle penetration and                 presented under the climate scenarios
                                                                               an increase in connected services as                     above are likely higher than what
                                                                               customers decarbonise their homes will                   would transpire.
                    2
                         The data presented in the graphs as the Woodmac 2022 AET-1.5 °C scenario was obtained from the Accelerated Energy Transition 1.5-degree scenario 2022, a product of
                         Wood Mackenzie. The data and information provided by Wood Mackenzie should not be considered advice; be relied upon; copied or used except as expressly permitted
                         by Wood Mackenzie. Wood Mackenzie takes no responsibility for the use of this data or information except as specified in an agreement with Wood Mackenzie.
                        92                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                                                                     Items excluded from the calculation of
                    A Results for the year                           underlying profit are reported to the
                                                                     Managing Director as not representing the
                    This section highlights the performance of       underlying performance of the business
                    the Group for the year, including results by     and thus are excluded from underlying
                    operating segment, income and expenses,          profit or underlying EBITDA. These items
                    results of equity accounted investees,           are determined after consideration of the
                    earnings per share and dividends.                nature of the item, the significance of the
                                                                     amount and the consistency in treatment
                    A1 Segments                                      from period to period.
                    The Group's operating segments are               The nature of items excluded from
                    presented on a basis that is consistent          underlying profit and underlying EBITDA
                    with the information provided internally to      are shown below.
                    the Managing Director, who is the chief
                                                                     •   Changes in the fair value of financial




For personal use only
                    operating decision maker. This reflects the
                                                                         instruments not in accounting hedge
                    way the Group's businesses are managed,
                                                                         relationships, to remove the significant
                    rather than the legal structure of the Group.
                                                                         volatility caused by timing mismatches
                    The reporting segments are organised                 in valuing financial instruments and
                    according to the nature of the activities            the related underlying transactions. The
                    undertaken and are detailed below.                   valuation changes are subsequently
                                                                         recognised in underlying earnings when
                    •    Energy Markets: Energy retailing and
                                                                         the underlying transactions are settled;
                         wholesaling, power generation and LPG
                         operations predominantly in Australia.      •   Realised and unrealised foreign
                                                                         exchange gains/losses on debt held
                    •    Share of Octopus Energy: Origin's
                                                                         to hedge USD-denominated investment
                         investment in Octopus Energy Holdings
                                                                         in APLNG;
                         (Octopus Energy). This investment was
                         previously included in the Energy           •   Significant redundancies and other costs
                         Markets segment.                                in relation to business restructuring,
                                                                         transformation or integration activities;
                    •    Integrated Gas: Origin's investment
                         in APLNG, exploration interest in the       •   Gains/losses on the sale or acquisition of
                         Cooper-Eromanga Basin and costs                 an asset/entity;
                         associated with growth initiatives such     •   Transaction costs incurred in relation to
                         as hydrogen. It also includes overhead          the sale or acquisition of an entity;
                         costs (net of recoveries from APLNG)
                                                                     •   Impairments of assets;
                         and costs incurred in managing Origin’s
                         exposure to LNG pricing risk and            •   Significant onerous contracts;
                         impacts of its LNG trading positions. For   •   Deferred tax liability recognition/
                         greater transparency, the investment in         utilisation relating to the
                         APLNG is presented separately from the          APLNG investment;
                         residual component of the segment.          •   Large-scale Generation Certificates
                    •    Corporate: Various business                     (LGCs) net shortfall charge; and
                         development and support activities          •   Other significant non-recurring items.
                         that are not allocated to operating
                         segments, including corporate treasury
                         and tax items.
                    Underlying profit and underlying EBITDA
                    are non-statutory (non-IFRS) measures.
                    The objective of measuring and reporting
                    underlying profit and underlying EBITDA
                    is to provide a more meaningful and
                    consistent representation of financial
                    performance by removing items that distort
                    performance or are non-recurring in nature.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                           93




                    A1 Segments (continued)

                    Segment result for the year ended 30 June
                                                                                                                      Integrated Gas
                                                                                       Share of
                                                             Energy Markets         Octopus Energy        Share of APLNG              Other              Corporate          Consolidated
                        $m                                     2023       2022       2023       2022       2023       2022        2023          2022    2023     2022       2023       2022


                        External revenue                    15,406      13,636            -           -          -          -     1,075          825       -          -    16,481     14,461


                        EBITDA                                     2      (367)       240         (36)     2,246      2,134         917         (689)    (94)    (200)      3,311        842
                        Depreciation and amortisation           (501)      (424)          -           -          -          -       (22)         (24)     (4)        (1)     (527)      (449)
                        Share of ITDA of equity




For personal use only
                        accounted investees                       (2)         (1)      (101)       (51)   (1,062)    (1,090)           2           4       -          -     (1,163)    (1,138)
                        EBIT                                   (501)      (792)        139        (87)     1,184      1,044         897         (709)    (98)     (201)     1,621       (745)
                        Interest income1                                                                                               -          48      51         13         51         61
                        Interest expense2                                                                                                               (194)     (190)      (194)      (190)
                        Income tax expense3                                                                                                             (420)     (551)      (420)       (551)
                        Non-controlling interests (NCI)                                                                                                   (3)        (4)        (3)        (4)
                        Statutory profit/(loss)
                        attributable to members of
                        the parent entity                      (501)      (792)        139        (87)     1,184      1,044         897         (661)   (664)    (933)      1,055     (1,429)


                        Reconciliation of statutory
                        profit/(loss) to segment result
                        and underlying profit/(loss)
                        Fair value and foreign
                        exchange movements                     (846)      1,574           -           -          -          -       991         (331)    (40)      (112)      105       1,131
                        Disposals, impairments,
                        business restructuring
                        and other                               (190)   (2,342)           -           -          -          -       253          (62)     27         (3)       90     (2,407)
                        Tax and NCI items excluded
                        from underlying profit                                                                                                           113     (560)         113      (560)
                        Total significant items              (1,036)      (768)           -           -          -          -    1,244          (393)    100      (675)      308      (1,836)
                        Segment underlying
                        profit/(loss)4                          535         (24)       139        (87)     1,184      1,044       (347)         (268)   (764)    (258)        747        407
                        Underlying EBITDA4,5                  1,038         401       240         (36)     2,246      2,134       (327)         (297)    (90)      (88)     3,107      2,114

                    1 Interest income earned on MRCPS in the prior year has been allocated to the Integrated Gas - Other segment.
                    2 Interest expense related to general financing is allocated to the Corporate segment.
                    3 Income tax expense for entities in the Origin tax consolidated group is allocated to the Corporate segment.
                    4 Underlying profit and underlying EBITDA are non-statutory (non-IFRS) measures.
                    5 Underlying EBITDA equals segment result and underlying profit/(loss) adjusted for: depreciation and amortisation; share of ITDA of equity accounted investees; interest
                         income/(expense) net of $9 million (2022: $4 million) interest unwind significant item; income tax expense; and NCI.
                        94                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




                    A1 Segments (continued)

                    Segment result for the year ended 30 June
                                                                                                                              2023                                          2022
                        $m                                                                                               Gross           Tax and NCI                    Gross             Tax and NCI


                        Fair value and foreign exchange movements
                        Increase in fair value of derivatives                                                              259                     (77)                  1,155                  (347)
                        Net (loss)/gain from financial instruments measured at fair value                                  (114)                    34                     85                    (26)
                        Exchange loss on foreign-denominated debt                                                          (40)                     12                   (109)                    33
                        Fair value and foreign exchange movements                                                          105                     (31)                 1,131                  (340)




For personal use only
                        Disposals, impairments, business restructuring and other
                        Loss on disposal - Beetaloo1                                                                      (106)                     31                       -                     -
                        Recycling of foreign currency translation reserve to the income
                        statement on wind up - Origin Energy Hydro Bermuda1                                                 62                        -                      -                     -
                        Loss on divestment - APLNG equity accounted investment                                                 -                      -                   (113)                    -
                        Loss on sale - other assets                                                                            -                      -                     (1)                    -
                        Disposals                                                                                          (44)                     31                   (114)                     -


                        Impairment - Energy Markets                                                                            -                      -                (2,196)                     -
                        Impairments                                                                                           -                       -               (2,196)                      -


                        Restructuring costs2                                                                                 (4)                      1                    (51)                   15
                        Transaction costs                                                                                  (29)                      9                      (5)                    2
                        Transformation costs                                                                               (93)                     28                    (27)                     8
                        Business restructuring                                                                            (126)                     38                    (83)                    25


                        Deferred tax liability utilisation/(recognition) - APLNG                                               -                  180                        -                   (39)
                        Net capital gains tax on divestment - APLNG3                                                           -                      -                      -                  (172)
                        Gain on dilution of investment - Octopus Energy                                                        -                      -                    44                      -
                        Provision for legal matters                                                                         (13)                      -                   (22)                     -
                        LGC net shortfall charge                                                                           (77)                       -                   (151)                    -
                        Onerous contracts provision4,5                                                                     350                   (105)                     48                    (14)
                        WINconnect other income                                                                                -                      -                    67                    (20)
                        Other                                                                                             260                       75                    (14)                 (245)
                        Total disposals, impairments, business restructuring and other                                      90                    144                 (2,407)                  (220)


                        Total significant items                                                                            195                     113                (1,276)                  (560)

                    1 Refer to note F4.
                    2 Relates to the early closure of the Eraring Power Station. Refer to note C5.
                    3 The prior year amount includes $394 million of capital gains tax, offset by a $222 million tax benefit pertaining to utilisation of carry-forward capital losses.
                    4 These amounts represent the non-cash movement during the year relating to the Group's onerous contract. Future realised gains or losses will be recognised within underlying
                         profit. Refer to note C5.
                    5 The gross amounts include onerous contract provision movement of $359 million (2022: $51 million) and interest unwind of $9 million (2022: $4 million).
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                          95




                    A1 Segments (continued)

                    Segment assets and liabilities as at 30 June
                                                                                             Integrated Gas
                                                                      Share of
                                                    Energy            Octopus            Share                                             Assets held
                                                    Markets           Energy           of APLNG          Other             Corporate         for sale         Consolidated
                        $m                        2023     2022      2023   2022     2023    2022     2023    2022       2023     2022     2023    2022       2023      2022


                        Assets
                        Segment assets           10,712    15,982       -        -       -        -   1,264      972       153      155     80           -   12,209    17,109
                        Investments
                        accounted for using




For personal use only
                        the equity method
                        (refer to note A5)           10        11     776    413     6,038   6,392    (569)      (571)        -        -      -          -    6,255     6,245
                        Cash, funding-
                        related derivatives
                        and tax assets                                                                    -         -      463     666       21          -     484       666
                        Total assets             10,722 15,993        776    413     6,038   6,392     695       401       616     821      101          -   18,948 24,020


                        Liabilities
                        Segment liabilities      (4,382)   (6,713)      -        -       -        -   (898)   (1,763)     (612)   (604)      (7)         -   (5,899) (9,080)
                        Financial liabilities,
                        interest-bearing
                        liabilities, funding-
                        related derivatives
                        and tax liabilities                                                                              (4,130) (4,918)     (8)         -   (4,138)   (4,918)
                        Total liabilities        (4,382) (6,713)        -        -       -        -   (898) (1,763) (4,742) (5,522)         (15)         - (10,037) (13,998)
                        Net assets               6,340     9,280      776    413     6,038   6,392    (203) (1,362) (4,126) (4,701)          86          -    8,911    10,022
                        Additions of non-
                        current assets             396       429      173    268         -        -     24        65         2         4      -          -     595       766
                        96                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                    A2 Revenue

                        2023
                                                                                                                       Solar and
                                                                              Business and                               Energy         Integrated
                        $m                                         Retail       Wholesale                    LPG        Services               Gas               Total


                        Sale of electricity                       4,408              3,267                    -             231                   -             7,906
                        Sale of gas                                1,397             2,204               740                152              1,075              5,568
                        Pool revenue                                   -             2,796                    -                -                  -             2,796
                        Solar and batteries                            -                  -                   -             105                   -               105
                        Other revenue                                30                  9                    -              67                   -               106
                        Total revenue                             5,835              8,276               740                555              1,075             16,481




For personal use only
                        2022
                        $m


                        Sale of electricity                        4,166             2,891                    -             126                   -              7,183
                        Sale of gas                                1,185              1,627              705                114                825              4,456
                        Pool revenue                                   -             2,608                    -                -                  -             2,608
                        Solar and batteries                            -                  -                   -             107                   -               107
                        Other revenue                                30                 28                    -              49                   -               107
                        Total revenue                              5,381             7,154               705               396                 825             14,461


                    The Group's primary revenue streams relate to the sale of electricity and natural gas to retail (residential and small to medium enterprises),
                    business and wholesale customers, the sale of generated electricity into the National Electricity Market (NEM), and the sale of physical LNG
                    cargoes that form part of an LNG trading portfolio.


                        Key judgements and estimates

                        The Group recognises revenue from electricity and gas sales once the energy has been consumed by the customer. When determining
                        revenue for the financial period, management estimates the volume of energy supplied since a customer's last bill. The estimation of
                        unbilled consumption requires judgement and is based on various assumptions including:
                        •    volume and timing of energy consumed by customers;
                        •    allocation of estimated electricity and gas volumes to various pricing plans;
                        •    discounts linked to customer payment patterns; and
                        •    loss factors.
                        Management also uses unbilled consumption volumes to accrue network expenses incurred by the Group for unread customer electricity
                        and gas meters.
                        The calculation of unbilled revenue requires significant judgement in estimating the level of energy consumption by customers during the
                        unbilled period to 30 June 2023. The Group uses a backcasting model and volume-matching process to provide a reliable estimate of
                        unbilled revenue as at 30 June 2023.


                    Retail contracts

                    Retail electricity is generally marketed through standard service offers that provide customers with discounts on published tariff rates.
                    Contract duration can vary with some contracts providing a discount on published rates for a limited term, while other contracts have no
                    fixed duration. Contracts generally require no minimum consumption, and can be terminated by the customer at any time without significant
                    penalty. The supply of energy is considered a single performance obligation for which revenue is recognised upon delivery to customers at
                    the offered rate. Where customers are eligible to receive additional behavioural discounts, Origin considers this to be variable consideration.

                    Business and wholesale contracts

                    Contracts with business and wholesale customers are generally medium to long-term, higher-volume arrangements with fixed or index-linked
                    energy rates that have been commercially negotiated. The nature and accounting treatment of this revenue stream is largely consistent
                    with retail sales. Some business and wholesale sales arrangements also include the transfer of renewable energy certificates (RECs), which
                    represent an additional performance obligation. Revenue is recognised for these contracts when Origin has the 'right to invoice' the customer
                    for consideration that corresponds directly with the value of units of energy delivered to the customer. Pool revenue relates to sales by Origin
                    generation assets into the NEM, as well as revenue associated with gross settled PPAs. Origin has assessed it is acting as the principal in relation
                    to transactions with the NEM and therefore recognises pool sales on a gross basis. Revenue from these sales is recognised at the spot price
                    achieved when control of the electricity passes to the grid.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                         97




                    A2 Revenue (continued)
                    Solar and Energy services

                    Solar and Energy Services revenue primarily relates to sales of solar, batteries and Community Energy Services. Solar and batteries revenue
                    includes the sale, installation, repairs and maintenance services of solar photovoltaic systems, and battery solutions, to residential and business
                    customers. Revenue is recognised at the point in time that the system is installed, or the service provided is complete. Community Energy
                    Services supplies electricity and gas within embedded network sites. Similar to retail contracts, the supply of energy is considered a single
                    performance obligation for which revenue is recognised upon delivery to the customers at the offered rate.

                    LPG and Integrated Gas

                    Revenue from the sale of LPG (Energy Markets segment) and LNG (Integrated Gas segment) is recognised at the point in time that the
                    customer takes physical possession of the commodity. Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to
                    be received.




For personal use only
                    A3 Other income

                                                                                                                                                             2023     2022
                                                                                                                                                               $m        $m


                        Net gain on dilution of investments1                                                                                                     -       44
                        Fees and services, and other income                                                                                                    45       106
                        Other income                                                                                                                           45       150


                        Interest earned from other parties2                                                                                                     51        13
                        Interest earned on APLNG MRCPS                                                                                                           -       48
                        Interest income                                                                                                                         51       61

                    1 The prior year amount relates to a gain on dilution of the Group's equity accounted investment in Octopus Energy.
                    2 Interest income is measured using an effective interest rate method and recognised as it accrues.


                    A4 Expenses

                                                                                                                                                             2023     2022
                                                                                                                                                               $m        $m


                        Cost of sales1                                                                                                                      14,487    13,388
                        Employee expenses2                                                                                                                    804       690
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                         527       449
                        Impairment of non-current assets3                                                                                                        -     2,196
                        Net loss on divestment4                                                                                                                  -       113
                        Impairment of trade receivables (net of bad debts recovered)                                                                           148       65
                        Increase in fair value of derivatives                                                                                                 (259)   (1,155)
                        Net loss/(gain) from financial instruments measured at fair value                                                                      114      (85)
                        Net loss on sale of assets5                                                                                                            42         2
                        Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                                              63       128
                        Onerous contracts provision6                                                                                                         (359)       (51)
                        Other7                                                                                                                                662       575
                        Expenses                                                                                                                            16,229    16,315


                        Interest on borrowings                                                                                                                 155      169
                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                           21        17
                        Unwind of discounting on long-term provisions                                                                                           18        4
                        Interest expense                                                                                                                      194       190

                    1 Includes variable lease payments of $31 million (2022: $24 million).
                    2 Includes contributions to defined contribution superannuation funds of $71 million (2022: $60 million).
                    3 Refer to note C7.
                    4 The prior year amount relates to the divestment of 10 per cent of Origin’s investment in APLNG.
                    5 The current year amount primarily relates to the disposal of Beetaloo and wind up of Origin Energy Hydro Bermuda. Refer to note F4.
                    6 Refer to note C5.
                    7 Includes low-value assets and short-term leases payments of $8 million (2022: $3 million).
                        98                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                    A5 Results of equity accounted investees

                        for the year ended 30 June
                        2023
                                                                                                                                                                                              Share of net
                        $m                                                                                                              Share of EBITDA             Share of ITDA             profit/(loss)


                        APLNG1,2                                                                                                                     2,246                   (1,060)                   1,186
                        Total joint ventures                                                                                                         2,246                  (1,060)                    1,186


                        Octopus Energy3,4                                                                                                              240                      (101)                    139
                        Gasbot Pty Limited                                                                                                                 (1)                      -                      (1)
                        Gaschem Sydney                                                                                                                     2                      (2)                        -




For personal use only
                        Total associates                                                                                                                241                    (103)                     138
                        Total                                                                                                                        2,487                   (1,163)                  1,324


                        2022
                        $m


                        APLNG1,2                                                                                                                      2,134                  (1,086)                  1,048
                        Total joint ventures                                                                                                         2,134                  (1,086)                   1,048


                        Octopus Energy3,4                                                                                                               (36)                     (51)                    (87)
                        Gasbot Pty Limited                                                                                                                 (1)                      -                      (1)
                        Gaschem Sydney                                                                                                                      -                      (1)                     (1)
                        Total associates                                                                                                                (37)                     (52)                    (89)
                        Total                                                                                                                        2,097                   (1,138)                    959

                    1 APLNG's summary financial information is separately disclosed in notes B2.1, B2.2 and B2.3.
                    2 Included in the Group’s share of net profit is $2 million (2022: $4 million) of MRCPS interest income, in line with the depreciation of the capitalised interest in APLNG’s result.
                         Refer to note B2.1.
                    3 The Group holds a 20 per cent interest in Octopus Energy and has significant influence over the entity. The prior year interest was 18.7 per cent. Refer to note B4 for details
                         regarding changes in ownership interest during the year.
                    4 Included in the Group's share of net profit is $20 million (2022: $18 million) of depreciation, relating to the fair value attributed to assets at the acquisition date. Refer to note B3.


                                                                                                                                                                    Equity accounted investment
                        as at 30 June                                                                                                                                     carrying amount


                        $m                                                                                                                                                    2023                    2022
                        APLNG1                                                                                                                                                5,469                    5,821
                        Octopus Energy2                                                                                                                                         776                      413
                        Gasbot Pty Limited                                                                                                                                          -                        1
                        Gaschem Sydney                                                                                                                                            10                       10
                        Total                                                                                                                                                6,255                    6,245

                    1 APLNG's summary financial information is separately disclosed in notes B2.1, B2.2 and B2.3.
                    2 Octopus Energy's summary financial information is separately disclosed in notes B3.1 and B3.2
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                 99




                    A6 Earnings per share

                                                                                                                                                                      2023                   2022


                        Weighted average number of shares on issue-basic1                                                                                   1,720,567,672           1,753,612,216
                        Weighted average number of shares on issue-diluted2                                                                                1,731,006,904           1,762,126,506


                        Statutory profit/(loss)
                        Earnings per share based on statutory consolidated profit
                        Statutory profit/(loss) $m                                                                                                                    1,055                 (1,429)
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                  61.3 cents           (81.5) cents
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                               60.9 cents            (81.5) cents




For personal use only
                        Underlying profit
                        Earnings per share based on underlying consolidated profit
                        Underlying profit $m3                                                                                                                            747                   407
                        Underlying basic earnings per share                                                                                                      43.4 cents             23.2 cents
                        Underlying diluted earnings per share                                                                                                    43.2 cents              23.1 cents

                    1 The basic earnings per share calculation uses the weighted average number of shares on issue during the year reduced by shares bought-back and excluding treasury
                         shares held.
                    2 The diluted earnings per share calculation uses the weighted average number of shares on issue during the year reduced by shares bought-back and excluding treasury shares
                         held. It is also adjusted to reflect the number of shares that would be issued if outstanding Options, Performance Share Rights, Deferred Share Rights, Restricted Shares and
                         Matching Share Rights were to be exercised (2023: 10,439,232; 2022: 8,514,290).
                    3 Refer to note A1 for a reconciliation of statutory consolidated profit to underlying consolidated profit.


                    A7 Dividends
                    The Directors have determined to pay a fully franked final dividend of 20 cents per share, on ordinary shares. The dividend will be paid on
                    29 September 2023. Dividends paid during the year ended 30 June are detailed below.

                                                                                                                                                                      2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                          $m                     $m
                        Final dividend of 16.5 cents per share, partially franked to 75 per cent, in respect of the financial year ended
                        30 June 2022, paid 30 September 2022
                        (2022: 7.5 cents per share, unfranked, in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2021, paid
                        1 October 2021)                                                                                                                                 284                     132
                        Interim dividend of 16.5 cents per share, fully franked, in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2023, paid
                        24 March 2023
                        (2022: 12.5 cents per share, unfranked, in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2022, paid
                        25 March 2022)                                                                                                                                  284                    220
                        Total dividends provided for or paid                                                                                                            568                    352


                    Dividend franking account

                    Franking credits available to shareholders of Origin Energy Limited for subsequent financial years are shown below.

                        Australian franking credits available at 30 per cent                                                                                            453                      86
                        New Zealand franking credits available at 28 per cent (in NZD)                                                                                  304                    304
                        100                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                    B Investment in equity accounted joint ventures and associates
                    This section provides information on the Group’s equity accounted investments including financial information relating to APLNG and
                    Octopus Energy.

                    B1 Interests in equity accounted joint ventures and associates

                                                                                                                                                           Ownership interest (per cent)
                                                                                                                                  Country
                        Joint ventures and associates                                                      Reporting date         of incorporation                   2023                   2022
                        APLNG1                                                                             30 June                Australia                            27.5                  27.5
                        Octopus Energy2                                                                    30 April               United Kingdom                      20.0                    18.7
                        PNG Energy Developments Limited3                                                   31 December            PNG                                      -                 50.0




For personal use only
                        Gasbot Pty Limited                                                                 30 June                Australia                           35.0                   35.0
                        Gaschem Sydney                                                                     31 December            Germany                             25.0                   25.0

                    1 APLNG is a separate legal entity. Operating, management and funding decisions require the unanimous support of the Foundation Shareholders, which includes the Group
                         and ConocoPhillips. Accordingly, joint control exists, and the Group has classified the investment in APLNG as a joint venture.
                    2 Octopus Energy is a separate legal entity. The Group’s investment is equity accounted as a result of the Group’s active participation on the Board and the Group’s ability to
                         impact decision making, leading to the assessment that significant influence exists.
                    3 PNG Energy Developments Limited was deregistered on 26 October 2022.


                    Of all the above joint ventures and associates, only the interests in APLNG and Octopus Energy have a material impact on the Group at
                    30 June 2023.

                    B2 Investment in APLNG
                    This section provides information on financial information related to the Group's investment in the equity accounted joint venture APLNG.

                    B2.1 Summary APLNG income statement

                        for the year ended 30 June                                                                           2023                                         2022


                                                                                                                        Total                   Origin               Total                 Origin
                        $m                                                                                            APLNG                   interest1            APLNG                 interest1


                        Operating revenue                                                                              11,259                                        9,362
                        Operating expenses                                                                             (3,091)                                      (2,486)
                        EBITDA                                                                                          8,168                  2,246                6,876                   2,134


                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                          (1,659)                   (456)              (1,563)                  (495)
                        Interest income                                                                                     87                     24                     9                        3
                        Interest expense – MRCPS                                                                              -                      -                 (141)                  (48)
                        Other interest expense                                                                           (440)                    (121)               (328)                  (105)
                        Income tax expense                                                                             (1,850)                  (509)               (1,456)                  (445)
                        ITDA                                                                                          (3,862)                 (1,062)              (3,479)                (1,090)
                        Statutory result for the year                                                                  4,306                    1,184                3,397                  1,044
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                            -                      -                     -                       -
                        Statutory total comprehensive income2                                                          4,306                    1,184                3,397                  1,044


                        Underlying profit for the year3                                                                4,306                    1,184                3,397                  1,044
                        Underlying EBITDA for the year3                                                                 8,168                  2,246                6,876                   2,134

                    1 Origin's interest is 27.5 per cent. Prior to 8 December 2021 it was 37.5 per cent.
                    2 Excluded from the above is $2 million (2022: $4 million) (Origin share) of MRCPS interest income that has been recognised by Origin, in line with the depreciation of the
                         capitalised interest in APLNG’s result above. Refer to note B2.2. This adjustment is disclosed under the Integrated Gas - Other segment on the 'share of ITDA of equity
                         accounted investees' line in note A1.
                    3 Underlying profit and underlying EBITDA are non-statutory (non-IFRS) measures.


                    Income and expense amounts are converted from USD to AUD using the average exchange rate prevailing for the relevant period.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                              101




                    B2.2 Summary APLNG statement of financial position

                        100 per cent APLNG
                        as at 30 June
                        $m                                                                                                                                          2023                    2022


                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                   1,720                   1,544
                        Other assets                                                                                                                                  910                    788
                        Current assets                                                                                                                             2,630                   2,332


                        Receivables from shareholders                                                                                                                 324                     312
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                             32,441                32,083
                        Exploration, evaluation and development assets                                                                                                510                    558




For personal use only
                        Other assets                                                                                                                                  149                     142
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                                       33,424                 33,095
                        Total assets                                                                                                                             36,054                 35,427


                        Bank loans – secured                                                                                                                          885                    776
                        Other liabilities                                                                                                                             647                    766
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                                         1,532                   1,542


                        Bank loans – secured                                                                                                                       6,489                    7,075
                        Other liabilities                                                                                                                          6,078                    3,569
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                   12,567                10,644
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                                         14,099                   12,186
                        Net assets                                                                                                                                21,955                   23,241


                        Group's interest of 27.5 per cent of APLNG net assets                                                                                      6,038                    6,392
                        Group's impairment expense1                                                                                                                  (477)                   (477)
                        Group's own costs                                                                                                                               18                     18
                        MRCPS elimination2                                                                                                                            (110)                  (112)
                        Investment in APLNG Pty Ltd3                                                                                                               5,469                    5,821

                    1 Relates to impairments taken by the Group in the year ended 30 June 2020.
                    2 During project construction, when the Group received interest on the MRCPS from APLNG, it recorded the interest as income after eliminating a proportion of this interest
                         that related to its ownership interest in APLNG. At the same time, when APLNG paid interest to the Group on MRCPS, the amount was capitalised by APLNG. Therefore, these
                         capitalised interest amounts form part of the cost of APLNG's assets, and these assets have been depreciated since commencement of operations. The proportion attributable
                         to the Group’s own interest (37.5 per cent prior to 8 December 2021 and 27.5 per cent thereafter) is eliminated through the equity accounted investment balance.
                    3 Includes an increase of $245 million due to foreign exchange that has been recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve. Also included is a reduction of
                         A$1,783 million (US$1,198 million) relating to unfranked dividends received from APLNG.


                    Reporting date balances are converted from USD to AUD using an end-of-period exchange rate of 0.6629 (2022: 0.6891).


                        Key judgements and estimates

                        The carrying amount of the Group's equity accounted investment in APLNG is reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there
                        is any indication of impairment or reversal of impairment. Where an indicator of impairment exists, a formal estimate of the recoverable
                        amount is made. The Group’s assessment of the recoverable amount uses a discounted cash flow methodology and considers a range of
                        macroeconomic and project assumptions, including oil and LNG price, AUD/USD exchange rates, discount rates and costs over the asset's
                        life. No impairment loss or reversal of impairment was recognised during the year.
                        Climate change is a material risk that can affect the Group’s operations through current and future climate-related legislation and policies
                        and climate related scenarios. Future climate related conditions, legislation and policies may have an impact on future commodity prices,
                        foreign exchange rates, discount rates, inflation, global market supply and demand conditions and whether reserve quantities are capable
                        of economic extraction. Refer to the Strategy and climate risks section in the Overview.
                        102                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                    B2.3 Summary APLNG statement of cash flows

                        100 per cent APLNG
                        for the year ended 30 June
                        $m                                                                                                         2023              2022


                        Cash flow from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                                    11,767            9,529
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                       (3,583)           (2,459)
                        Net cash from operating activities                                                                         8,184             7,070


                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        DSRA loan repaid by Origin                                                                                      -                51




For personal use only
                        Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                                (469)             (393)
                        Acquisition of exploration and development assets                                                             (12)             (22)
                        Acquisition of intangibles                                                                                     (1)               (1)
                        Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                                   2                68
                        Interest income                                                                                               82                 8
                        Net cash used in investing activities                                                                       (398)             (289)


                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Payments relating to other financing activities                                                                 -              (22)
                        Repayment of lease principal                                                                                 (64)              (55)
                        Payment of interest on lease liabilities                                                                     (27)               (15)
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                                     (813)             (694)
                        Payments of transaction and interest costs relating to borrowings                                            (311)            (233)
                        Payments for buy-back of MRCPS                                                                                  -           (3,544)
                        Payments of interest on MRCPS                                                                                   -             (145)
                        Payments of ordinary dividends                                                                            (6,483)            (1,573)
                        Net cash used in financing activities                                                                     (7,698)           (6,281)


                        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                     88              500
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                     1,544              905
                        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                                       88               139
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                           1,720             1,544


                    Cash flow amounts are converted from USD to AUD using the exchange rate that approximates the actual rate on the date of the cash flows.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                      103




                    B3 Investment in Octopus Energy Holdings Limited
                    Octopus Energy is an energy retailer and technology company incorporated in the United Kingdom and is not publicly listed. During the year
                    the Group's ownership interest increased from 18.7 per cent to 20 per cent following additional investments by the Group. Refer to note B4
                    for further details.
                    The following table summarises the financial information of Octopus Energy, as included in its financial statements, adjusted for differences
                    in accounting policies. The table also reconciles the summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the Group's interest in
                    Octopus Energy.

                    B3.1 Summary Octopus income statement

                                                                                                                               2023                                            2022
                                                                                                                          Total                                           Total
                        for the year ended 30 June                                                                     Octopus                    Origin               Octopus                   Origin




For personal use only
                        $m                                                                                              Energy                  interest1               Energy                 interest


                        Operating revenue                                                                               24,285                                            8,562
                        Statutory result for the year                                                                       795                      159                  (345)                      (69)
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                              -                       -                       -                       -
                        Statutory total comprehensive income2                                                               795                      159                  (345)                      (69)


                        Underlying profit for the year3                                                                     795                      159                  (345)                      (69)
                        Underlying EBITDA for the year3                                                                   1,200                     240                    (180)                     (36)

                    1 Origin's interest is 20 per cent. In the prior year it was 20 per cent prior to 1 December 2021 and 18.7 per cent thereafter. Refer to note B4.
                    2 Excluded from the above is $20 million (2022: $18 million) (Origin share) of amortisation relating to the fair value attributed to assets at the acquisition date.
                    3 Underlying profit and underlying EBITDA are non-statutory (non-IFRS) measures.


                    Income statement amounts are converted from GBP to AUD using the average rate prevailing for the relevant period.

                    B3.2 Summary Octopus Energy statement of financial position


                        100 per cent Octopus Energy
                        as at 30 June
                        $m                                                                                                                        2023                                              2022


                        Current assets1                                                                                                          11,998                                             2,961
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                        1,729                                              570
                        Current liabilities2                                                                                                     (5,894)                                           (2,867)
                        Non-current liabilities2                                                                                                 (5,735)                                              (11)
                        Net assets                                                                                                               2,098                                               653


                        Group's interest of 20 per cent (2022: 18.7 per cent) of Octopus Energy
                        net assets                                                                                                                  420                                               122
                        Goodwill, fair value adjustments and equity-settled transactions3                                                           350                                              285
                        Group's own costs                                                                                                              6                                                6
                        Group's carrying amount of the investment in Octopus Energy4                                                                776                                              413

                    1 Current assets include cash and cash equivalents of $7,686 million (2022: $800 million).
                    2 Includes current financial liabilities and non-current financial liabilities of $3,298 million (2022: $1,732 million) and $5,735 million (2022: $11 million) respectively.
                    3 Includes goodwill and other fair value adjustments on initial recognition of the Group's equity accounted investment in Octopus Energy.
                    4 Includes a movement of $173 million related to an additional investment during the year and $51 million related to foreign exchange that has been recognised in the foreign
                         currency translation reserve (2022: $19 million).


                    Reporting date balances are converted from GBP to AUD using an end-of-period exchange rate of 0.5250 (2022: 0.5665).
                    The associate has no contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2023.
                        104                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                    B4 Transactions between the Group and equity accounted investees
                    APLNG
                    Service transactions
                    The Group provides services to APLNG including corporate services, upstream operating services related to the development and operation
                    of APLNG's natural gas assets, and marketing services relating to coal seam gas (CSG). The Group incurs costs in providing these services and
                    charges APLNG for them in accordance with the terms of the contracts governing those services.

                    Commodity transactions
                    Separately, the Group has entered agreements to purchase gas from APLNG (2023: $636 million; 2022: $401 million) and sell gas to APLNG
                    (2023: $40 million; 2022: $17 million). At 30 June 2023, the Group's outstanding payable balance for purchases from APLNG was $59 million
                    (2022: $25 million) and outstanding receivable balance for sales to APLNG was nil (2022: $7 million).

                    Funding transactions




For personal use only
                    The Group received unfranked dividends of $1,783 million (2022: $433 million.)
                    On 18 July 2023 the directors of APLNG determined unfranked dividends to be paid to shareholders. The Group received unfranked dividends
                    of US$65 million (A$98 million) on 26 July 2023.
                    On 15 August 2023 the directors of APLNG determined further unfranked dividends to be paid to shareholders. The Group expects to receive
                    US$115 million on 29 August 2023.
                    In the prior year, Origin repaid $51 million of the DSRA loan from APLNG under the APLNG project finance debt service reserve
                    account requirements.
                    In the prior year the Group received A$1,162 million of MRCPS buy-backs and reflected a reduction in the MRCPS non-current financial
                    asset. Related MRCPS dividends of A$50 million were recognised as interest income. The APLNG MRCPS were fully bought back as at
                    30 June 2022.

                    Octopus Energy
                    Additional equity transactions
                    On 9 August 2022 an additional investment of £94 million (A$163 million) was paid by the Group to Octopus Energy to restore its 20 per cent
                    equity interest.
                    In January 2023 the Group invested a further £5.6 million (A$10 million), following further investments by other shareholders, to maintain its
                    20 per cent equity interest.

                    Financial guarantee
                    The Group provided a financial guarantee to Octopus Energy’s financiers and during the year, $6 million (2022: $9 million) was recognised
                    within other income in respect of the financial guarantee income. The financial guarantee expired in March 2023.

                    Kraken technology platform milestone payment
                    The £10 million (A$20 million) final milestone payment was paid in May 2023.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                  105




                    C Operating assets and liabilities
                    This section provides information on the assets used to generate the Group's trading performance and the liabilities incurred as a result.

                    C1 Trade and other receivables
                    The following balances are amounts due from the Group's customers and other parties.

                                                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                                                               $m                 $m
                        Current
                        Trade receivables net of allowance for impairment                                                                     867                724
                        Unbilled revenue net of allowance for impairment                                                                     1,457              2,107




For personal use only
                        Other receivables                                                                                                     224                540
                        Total current                                                                                                       2,548              3,371


                        Non-current
                        Trade receivables                                                                                                      60                 45
                        Total non-current                                                                                                      60                 45


                    Trade and other receivables are initially recorded at the amount billed to customers or other counterparties. Unbilled receivables represent
                    estimated gas and electricity supplied to customers since their previous bill was issued. The carrying value of all receivables, including unbilled
                    revenue, reflects the amount anticipated to be collected.


                        Key judgements and estimates

                        Recoverability of trade receivables: Judgement is required in determining the level of provisioning for customer debts. Impairment
                        allowances take into account the age of the debt, historic collection trends and expectations about future economic conditions.
                        Unbilled revenue: Unbilled gas and electricity revenue is not collectable until customers' meters are read and invoices issued. Refer to note
                        A2 for judgement applied in determining the amount of unbilled energy revenue to recognise.


                    Credit risk and collectability
                    The Group minimises the concentration of credit risk by undertaking transactions with a large number of customers from across a broad range
                    of industries. Credit approval processes are in place for large customers and all customers are required to pay in accordance with agreed
                    payment terms. Depending on the customer segment, settlement terms are generally 14 to 30 days from the date of the invoice. For some
                    debtors, the Group may also obtain security in the form of deposits, guarantees, deeds of undertaking or letters of credit, which can be called
                    upon if the counterparty defaults.
                    Debtor collectability is assessed on an ongoing basis and any resulting impairment losses are recognised in the income statement. The Group
                    applies the simplified approach to providing for trade receivable and unbilled revenue impairment, which requires the expected lifetime credit
                    losses to be recognised when the receivable is initially recognised. To measure expected lifetime credit losses, trade receivables and unbilled
                    revenue balances have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and ageing profiles. A debtor balance is written off when
                    recovery is assessed to be no longer possible.
                        106                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                    C1 Trade and other receivables (continued)
                    As at 30 June 2023, the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables and unbilled revenue is $238 million (2022: $186 million).
                    The average age of trade receivables is 22 days (2022: 18 days). Other receivables are neither past due nor impaired and relate principally
                    to generation and hedge contract receivables. The ageing of current trade receivables and unbilled revenue at the reporting date is
                    detailed below.

                                                                                                      2023                                 2022
                                                                                                               Impairment                           Impairment
                        $m                                                                         Gross        allowance              Gross         allowance
                        Unbilled revenue                                                           1,473               (16)            2,120                (13)
                        Not yet due                                                                 629                (35)              539                 (8)
                        Less than 30 days                                                            114                (4)               86                 (5)




For personal use only
                        31-60 days past due                                                          50                 (7)               49                (9)
                        61-90 days past due                                                          36                 (7)               30                 (8)
                        Greater than 91 days                                                        260               (169)              193              (143)
                        Total                                                                     2,562              (238)             3,017              (186)


                    The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables and unbilled revenue during the year is shown below.

                        Balance as at 1 July                                                                           186                                 186
                        Impairment losses recognised                                                                   148                                  65
                        Amounts written off                                                                            (96)                                (65)
                        Balance as at 30 June                                                                         238                                  186
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                              107




                    C2 Exploration and evaluation assets

                                                                                                                                                                    2023                   20221
                                                                                                                                                                        $m                    $m


                        Balance as at 1 July                                                                                                                          286                     245
                        Additions                                                                                                                                        11                    65
                        Disposal2                                                                                                                                    (263)                       -
                        Transfers to assets held for sale                                                                                                               (8)                      -
                        Exploration write-off                                                                                                                          (26)                   (24)
                        Balance as at 30 June                                                                                                                             -                  286

                    1 The prior year closing balance primarily related to the Group’s 77.5 per cent share in the Beetaloo Basin joint venture with Falcon Oil & Gas (Beetaloo asset) and the Group's




For personal use only
                         interests in several permits in the Canning Basin with Buru Energy and Rey Resources.
                    2 The current year movements mainly relate to the disposal of Beetaloo. Refer to note F4.


                    The Group holds a number of exploration permits that are grouped into areas of interest according to geographical and geological attributes.
                    Expenditure incurred in each area of interest is accounted for using the successful efforts method. Under this method, all general exploration
                    and evaluation costs are expensed as incurred except the direct costs of acquiring the rights to explore, drilling exploratory wells and
                    evaluating the results of drilling. These direct costs are capitalised as exploration and evaluation assets pending the determination of the
                    success of the well. If a well does not result in a successful discovery, the previously capitalised costs are immediately expensed.
                    The carrying amounts of exploration and evaluation assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether any of the following
                    indicators of impairment are present:
                    •     the right to explore has expired, or will expire in the near future, and is not expected to be renewed;
                    •     further exploration for and evaluation of resources in the specific area is not budgeted or planned for;
                    •     the Group has decided to discontinue activities in the area; or
                    •     there is sufficient data to indicate the carrying value is unlikely to be recovered in full from successful development or by sale.
                    Where an indicator of impairment exists, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. If it is concluded that the carrying value of an exploration
                    and evaluation asset is unlikely to be recovered by future exploitation or sale, an impairment is recognised in the income statement for
                    the difference.


                        Key judgement

                        Recoverability of exploration and evaluation assets
                        Assessment of the recoverability of capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure requires certain estimates and assumptions to be
                        made as to future events and circumstances, particularly in relation to whether economic quantities of reserves have been discovered.
                        Such estimates and assumptions may change as new information becomes available. Additionally, future climate-related conditions,
                        legislation and policies may impact whether reserve quantities are capable of economic extraction. The recoverability of these assets
                        continues to be monitored by the Group. Such estimates and assumptions may change as new information becomes available.


                    Upon approval of the commercial development of a project, the exploration and evaluation asset is classified as a development asset. Once
                    production commences, development assets are transferred to PP&E.
                        108                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                    C3 Property, plant and equipment

                                                                               Owned                                      Right-of-use (ROU)                      Total

                                                                 Plant           Land            Capital work            Plant           Land
                                                            and equipment    and buildings        in progress       and equipment    and buildings
                        $m
                        2023
                        Cost                                        6,030              185                420                 287              400               7,322
                        Less: Accumulated
                        depreciation and
                        impairment losses                          (3,852)             (78)                     -             (92)             (131)            (4,153)
                        Total                                       2,178              107                420                 195              269              3,169




For personal use only
                        Balance as at 1 July 2022                   2,303               115                371                169              297              3,255
                        Additions                                      72                    -             213                 35                    -            320
                        Net restoration movement                       13                    -                  -               -                    -              13
                        Disposals                                     (26)                   -                  -               -                (5)               (31)
                        Modifications to lease terms                    -                    -                  -              43                 9                52
                        Depreciation/amortisation                    (316)               (2)                    -             (46)              (32)             (396)
                        Transfers within PP&E                         164                    -            (164)                 -                    -               -
                        Transfers to assets held for sale             (32)               (6)                    -              (6)                   -            (44)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023                  2,178              107                420                 195              269              3,169


                        2022
                        Cost                                        5,952              194                 371                266              397               7,180
                        Less: Accumulated
                        depreciation and
                        impairment losses                          (3,649)             (79)                     -             (97)             (100)            (3,925)
                        Total                                       2,303               115                371                169              297              3,255


                        Balance as at 1 July 2021                   2,458               112                317                 84              320               3,291
                        Additions                                      41                6                 114                127                    1            289
                        Net restoration movement                      (31)                   -                  -               -                    -             (31)
                        Disposals                                      (9)                   -                  -               -               (78)               (87)
                        Modifications to lease terms                    -                    -                  -              12               85                 97
                        Depreciation/amortisation                    (216)               (3)                    -             (54)              (31)             (304)
                        Transfers within PP&E                         60                     -             (60)                 -                    -               -
                        Transfers to intangibles                       (3)                   -                  -               -                    -              (3)
                        Effect of movements in foreign
                        exchange rates                                  3                    -                  -               -                    -               3
                        Balance as at 30 June 2022                  2,303               115                371                169              297              3,255


                    Owned PP&E
                    PP&E is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges. Cost includes the estimated future cost of
                    required closure and rehabilitation.
                    The carrying amounts of assets are reviewed to determine if there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset's
                    recoverable amount is estimated and if required, an impairment is recognised in the income statement.
                    Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis so as to write off the cost of each asset over its expected useful life. Leasehold improvements
                    are amortised over the period of the relevant lease or estimated useful life, whichever is shorter. Land and capital work in progress are
                    not depreciated.
                    The estimated useful lives used in the calculation of depreciation are shown below.
                    •     Buildings, including leasehold improvements 10 to 50 years
                    •     Plant and equipment 3 to 30 years
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                    109




                    C3 Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                    Leased PP&E
                    The Group's leased assets include commercial offices, power stations, LPG terminals and shipping vessels, motor vehicles and other items
                    of equipment.
                    ROU assets are recognised at the commencement of a lease. ROU assets are initially valued at the corresponding lease liability amount
                    adjusted for any payments already made, lease incentives received, or initial direct costs incurred when entering into the lease. Where the
                    Group is required to restore the ROU asset at the end of the lease, the cost of restoration is also included in the value of the ROU asset.
                    ROU assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the ROU asset. The carrying amounts
                    of ROU assets are reviewed to determine if there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset's recoverable amount
                    is estimated, and if required, an impairment is recognised in the income statement.
                    Refer to note D2 for discussion of the recognition and measurement of associated lease liability balances.




For personal use only
                        Key judgements and estimates

                        Recoverability of carrying values: Estimates of recoverable amounts are based on an asset’s value-in-use or fair value less costs to sell,
                        whichever is higher. The recoverable amount of these assets is sensitive to changes in key assumptions.
                        Estimation of useful economic lives: A technical assessment of the operating life of an asset requires significant judgement. Useful lives
                        are amended prospectively when a change in the operating life is determined. The estimated useful lives of our assets align with our climate
                        change strategy commitments.
                        Eraring Power Station useful life: The useful life of Eraring remains unchanged at August 2025 for the purpose of accounting assessments
                        presented within these financial statements. Prevailing market conditions will continue to be assessed which will help inform the final timing
                        of closure of all four units at Eraring. Refer to the Strategy and climate change risks section in the Overview.
                        Restoration provisions: An asset's carrying value includes the estimated future cost of required closure and rehabilitation activities. Refer
                        to note C5 for the judgement related to restoration provisions.
                        Climate change risks: Future climate-related conditions, legislation and policies may have an impact on these estimates and continues to
                        be monitored.
                        Lease term: Where lease arrangements contain options to extend the term or terminate the contract, the Group assesses whether it is
                        'reasonably certain' that the option to extend or terminate will be exercised. Consideration is given to all facts and circumstances that create
                        an economic incentive to extend or terminate the contract. Lease liabilities and ROU assets are measured using the reasonably certain
                        contract term.
                        110                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                    C4 Intangible assets

                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                         $m                     $m


                        Goodwill net of impairment losses                                                                                                            1,964                  1,965
                        Software and other intangible assets                                                                                                         1,786                  1,684
                        Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                    (1,257)                 (1,126)
                        Total                                                                                                                                       2,493                  2,523


                    Reconciliations of the carrying amounts of each class of intangible asset are set out below.

                                                                                                                                                                 Software




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 and other
                        $m                                                                                                                    Goodwill         intangibles                    Total


                        Balance as at 1 July 2022                                                                                               1,965                  558                  2,523
                        Additions1                                                                                                                  -                  103                    103
                        Transfers to assets held for sale                                                                                          (1)                    (1)                   (2)
                        Amortisation expense                                                                                                        -                  (131)                  (131)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023                                                                                              1,964                  529                 2,493


                        Balance as at 1 July 2021                                                                                               4,136                  522                  4,658
                        Additions2                                                                                                                 25                   183                   208
                        Transfers from PP&E                                                                                                         -                     3                      3
                        Impairment3                                                                                                            (2,196)                     -               (2,196)
                        Amortisation expense                                                                                                        -                 (150)                   (150)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2022                                                                                              1,965                  558                 2,523

                    1 Additions include amounts relating to the build of the Kraken technology platform and $6 million of other intangibles related to the acquisition of Yanco Solar Farm.
                    2 Includes $77 million of software and other intangibles related to the acquisition of WINconnect Pty Ltd and $25 million of goodwill. Additions also include $15 million related
                         to the acquisition of Yarrabee Solar Farm and $12 million related to the acquisition of the Carisbrook Solar Farm.
                    3 Relates to the impairment of Energy Markets segment goodwill. Refer to note C7.


                    Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses and is not amortised. Software and other intangible assets are stated at cost
                    less any accumulated impairment losses and accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over
                    the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets.
                    The average amortisation rate for software and other intangibles (excluding capital work in progress) was 9 per cent (2022: 11 per cent).


                        Key judgements and estimates

                        Recoverability of carrying values: Refer to note C7.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                 111




                    C5 Provisions

                                                                                                                                            Onerous
                        $m                                                                                            Restoration1         contracts2                Other3                  Total


                        Balance as at 1 July 2022                                                                             629                  397                 208                  1,234
                        Provisions recognised                                                                                   11                    -                  32                      43
                        Provisions released                                                                                   (44)               (359)                   (4)                 (407)
                        Payments/utilisation                                                                                   (11)                   -                 (76)                   (87)
                        Unwinding of discounting                                                                                 9                    9                    -                     18
                        Transfers to liabilities held for sale                                                                  (1)                   -                    -                     (1)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                            -                   15                    -                     15




For personal use only
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023                                                                           593                    62                  160                   815


                        Current                                                                                                                                                               229
                        Non-current                                                                                                                                                           586
                        Total provisions                                                                                                                                                      815

                    1 The closing balance includes amounts relating to the restoration of the Eraring Power Station site and other generation gas power station locations. Also included within this
                         balance are rehabilitation provisions for contamination at existing and legacy operating sites.
                    2 All material contracts in which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations exceed the economic benefits are deemed onerous and require a provision to be recognised
                         upfront. This balance relates to an onerous contract provision of $62 million (US$41 million) (2022: $397 million (US$273 million)) for the LNG sales contract with ENN.
                    3 The closing balance of other provisions primarily relates to costs for compliance with safety standard requirements relating to the Eraring ash dam wall, costs associated with
                         the new Myuna Bay Recreation Centre facility, costs associated with the Eraring Power Station closure and a make good provision relating to existing property leases.


                    Restoration provisions are initially recognised at the best estimate of the costs to be incurred in settling the obligation. Where restoration
                    activities are expected to occur more than 12 months from the reporting period, the provision is discounted using a risk-free rate that reflects
                    current market assessments of the time value of money. The unwinding of the discount is recognised in each period as interest expense.
                    At each reporting date, the restoration provision is remeasured in line with changes in discount rates, and changes to the timing or amount
                    of costs to be incurred, based on current legal requirements and technology. Any changes in the estimated future costs associated with:
                    •     Restoration and dismantling are added to or deducted from the related asset; and
                    •     Environmental rehabilitation are expensed in the current period.


                        Key estimate

                        Restoration, rehabilitation and dismantling costs
                        The Group estimates the cost of future site restoration activities at the time of installation or construction of an asset, or when an obligation
                        arises. Restoration often does not occur for many years and thus significant judgement is required as to the extent of work, cost and timing
                        of future activities. Future social, regulatory and climate-related conditions and policies may have an impact on these estimates and will
                        continue to be monitored.
                        The useful life of Eraring remains unchanged at August 2025 for the purpose of accounting assessments presented within these financial
                        statements. Prevailing market conditions will continue to be assessed which will help inform the final timing of closure of all four units at
                        Eraring. Refer to the Strategy and climate risks section in the Overview.
                        112                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                    C6 Other financial assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                                 2023                                           2022
                        $m                                                                                                Current          Non-current                   Current           Non-current


                        Other financial assets
                        Measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Settlement Residue Distribution Agreement units                                                         73                     56                    109                      70
                        Environmental scheme certificates                                                                     349                        -                   444                         -
                        Investment fund units                                                                                     -                     61                       -                    59
                        Debt and other securities                                                                                7                    100                      14                     22
                        Equity securities                                                                                         -                      1                       -                       1




For personal use only
                        Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
                        Equity securities                                                                                         -                    70                        -                     51
                        Measured at amortised cost
                        Futures collateral                                                                                     38                        -                      3                        -
                        AEMO cash deposits                                                                                        -                      -                   290                         -
                        Debt instruments                                                                                          -                    53                        -                    40
                        Total other financial assets                                                                          467                     341                    860                     243


                        Other financial liabilities
                        Measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Environmental scheme surrender obligations                                                            369                        -                    417                        -
                        Measured at amortised cost
                        Futures collateral                                                                                     49                        -                   304                         -
                        Financial guarantees1                                                                                     -                      -                      6                        -
                        Total other financial liabilities                                                                     418                        -                   727                         -

                    1 Financial guarantee contracts are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequently, they are measured at either the amount of any determined loss allowance or at the amount
                         initially recognised less any cumulative income recognised, whichever is larger. The prior year financial guarantee related to the working capital facility entered into by Octopus
                         Energy with its financiers, as referred to in note B4, for which the Group had provided a guarantee.


                    C7 Impairment of non-current assets
                    Cash-generating units
                    Assets are grouped together into the smallest group of individual assets that generate largely independent cash inflows (cash-generating unit
                    or (CGU)). The Energy Markets segment consists of the following materially distinct CGUs:
                    •     Retail CGU: incorporates Mass Market customers, Commercial & Industrial customers and the Wholesale & Trading businesses for
                          electricity and natural gas commodities. The Wholesale & Trading business includes various electricity power purchase agreements and
                          major wholesale gas supply contracts.
                    •     Generation CGU: incorporates cash flows from Origin's power stations.
                    •     LPG CGU: supplies and distributes LPG to residential and business locations across Australia and the Pacific.
                    The carrying amounts of the CGUs are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. Where
                    an indicator of impairment exists, or where goodwill is present, a formal estimate of the recoverable amount is made.
                    Only the Retail CGU contains a material goodwill balance and an impairment assessment of the recoverable amount was performed in the
                    current and prior year.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                     113




                    C7 Impairment of non-current assets (continued)
                    Recoverable amount
                    The recoverable amount of the Retail CGU has been determined using value-in-use models that include an appropriate terminal value. The
                    value-in-use calculations are sensitive to a number of key assumptions requiring management judgement, including future commodity prices,
                    regulatory policies, and the outlook for the market supply-and-demand conditions. The key assumptions used by the Group in its impairment
                    assessment are shown in the table below.

                        Key assumptions    Energy Markets
                        Commodity prices   Future commodity price assumptions impact the recoverability of carrying values and are reviewed at least twice annually.
                                           The Group's estimate of future commodity prices is made with reference to internally derived forecast data, current spot
                                           prices, external market analysts' forecasts and forward curves. Where volumes are contracted, future prices reflect the
                                           contracted price.




For personal use only
                        Long-term          Cash flows are projected for the term of electricity PPAs and major wholesale supply contracts in the Retail CGU. Other Retail
                        growth rates       CGU cash flows are projected for five years. The growth rate used to extrapolate Retail cash flows beyond the initial period
                                           projected averages 2.3 per cent, analogous to long term Consumer Price Index.
                        Customer numbers   This is based on a review of actual customer numbers and historical data regarding levels of customer churn. The historical
                                           analysis is considered against current and expected market trends and competition for customers.
                        Gross margin and   This is based on a review of actual gross margins and cost per customer, and consideration of current and expected market
                        operating cost     movements and impacts.
                        Discount rate      Discount rates used are the pre-tax equivalent of a post-tax discount rate of 7.5 per cent (2022: 7.2 per cent).
                        Climate risk       The Group continues to develop its assessment of the potential impacts of climate change and the transition to a low-carbon
                                           economy and this has been considered in the assumptions used as part of the recoverable amount assessment.


                    No impairment loss was recognised during the year (2022: $2,196 million). The impairment loss in the prior year was allocated to goodwill in
                    the Retail CGU and cannot be reversed in future periods.
                    Refer to the Strategy and climate change risks section in the Overview for further analysis of the recoverable amount of non-current assets
                    applying the Group’s climate scenario analysis.
                        114                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                    D Capital, funding and risk management
                    This section focuses on the Group's capital structure and related financing costs. Information is also presented about how the Group manages
                    capital, and the various financial risks to which the Group is exposed through its operating and financing activities.

                    D1 Capital management
                    The Group’s objective when managing capital is to make disciplined capital allocation decisions between investment in growth, distributions
                    to shareholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure while maintaining access to capital. Management believes that a strong
                    investment-grade credit rating (Baa2) and an appropriate level of net debt are required to meet these objectives. The Group's current credit
                    rating is Baa2 (stable outlook) from Moody's.
                    Key factors considered in determining the Group's capital structure and funding strategy at any point in time include expected operating cash
                    flows, capital expenditure plans, the maturity profile of existing debt facilities, the dividend policy, and the ability to access funding from banks,
                    capital markets and other sources.




For personal use only
                    The Group monitors its capital requirements through a number of metrics including the gearing ratio (target range of approximately 20 to
                    30 per cent) and an adjusted net debt to adjusted underlying EBITDA ratio (target range of 2.0x to 3.0x). These targets are consistent with
                    attaining a strong investment-grade rating. Underlying EBITDA is a non-statutory (non-IFRS) measure.
                    The gearing ratio is calculated as adjusted net debt divided by adjusted net debt plus total equity. Net debt, which excludes cash held by
                    Origin to fund APLNG-related operations, is adjusted to take into account the effect of FX hedging transactions on the Group’s foreign
                    currency debt obligations. The adjusted net debt to adjusted underlying EBITDA ratio is calculated as adjusted net debt divided by adjusted
                    underlying EBITDA (Origin's underlying EBITDA less Origin's share of APLNG underlying EBITDA and Origin’s share of Octopus Energy
                    underlying EBITDA plus net cash flow from APLNG) over the relevant rolling 12-month period.
                    The Group monitors its current and future funding requirements for at least the next five years and regularly assesses a range of funding
                    alternatives to meet these requirements in advance of when the funds are required.

                                                                                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                                                                                                 $m             $m


                        Borrowings                                                                                                                            2,713           2,855
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                                                       545            535
                        Total interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                                    3,258          3,390
                        Less: Cash and cash equivalents excluding APLNG-related cash1                                                                          (370)          (572)
                        Net debt                                                                                                                              2,888           2,818
                        Fair value adjustments on FX hedging transactions                                                                                        (11)           20
                        Adjusted net debt                                                                                                                     2,877          2,838
                        Total equity                                                                                                                           8,911        10,022
                        Total capital                                                                                                                         11,788         12,860
                        Gearing ratio                                                                                                                          24%             22%
                        Ratio of adjusted net debt to adjusted underlying EBITDA                                                                                1.2x            1.9x

                    1 This balance excludes $93 million (2022: $48 million) of cash held by Origin, as upstream operator, to fund APLNG-related operations.


                    Bank debt facility repayment
                    On 19 August 2022 Origin made an early repayment of a US$20 million syndicated bank facility tranche.

                    Debt maturity
                    On 4 April 2023 Origin repaid the €150 million ten-year note issued under the Euro Medium Term Note program. The notes had been
                    swapped to A$186 million.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                    115




                    D2 Interest-bearing liabilities

                                                                                                                                              2023               2022
                                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m


                        Current
                        Bank loans - unsecured                                                                                                     -                29
                        Capital market borrowings – unsecured                                                                                   128                228
                        Total current borrowings                                                                                                128                257
                        Lease liabilities – secured                                                                                              64                 59
                        Total current interest-bearing liabilities                                                                              192                316




For personal use only
                        Non-current
                        Bank loans – unsecured                                                                                                  515                508
                        Capital market borrowings – unsecured                                                                                 2,070              2,090
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                                                          2,585              2,598
                        Lease liabilities – secured                                                                                             481                476
                        Total non-current interest-bearing liabilities                                                                       3,066               3,074


                    Borrowings are initially recorded at the amount of proceeds received (fair value) less transaction costs. After that date, the liability is amortised
                    to face value at maturity using an effective interest rate method.
                    Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of future lease payments discounted at the Group's incremental borrowing rate.
                    Where a lease includes termination and/or extension options, the impact of these options on the amount of future payments is included where
                    exercise of such options is considered reasonably certain to occur. Interest expense is charged on outstanding lease liabilities that reduce over
                    time as periodic payments are made.
                    The lease liability is remeasured when certain events occur, including changes in the lease term or changes in future lease payments such as
                    those resulting from inflation-linked indexation or market rate rent reviews. On remeasurement of lease liabilities, a corresponding adjustment
                    is made to the ROU asset.
                    The contractual maturity of lease liabilities is disclosed within the liquidity table in note D4.
                    The contractual maturities of non-current borrowings are as set out below.

                                                                                                                                              2023               2022
                                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m


                        One to two years                                                                                                           -                123
                        Two to five years                                                                                                       814                508
                        Over five years                                                                                                        1,771              1,967
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                                                          2,585              2,598


                    Some of the Group's borrowings are subject to terms that allow the lender to call on the debt in the event of a breach of covenants. As at
                    30 June 2023, the Group's borrowings were in compliance with covenants.
                        116                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                    D3 Contributed equity

                                                                                                                    2023                   2022                  2023                  2022
                                                                                                                  Number of shares                                     $m


                        Ordinary share capital
                        Opening balance                                                                    1,722,747,671            1,761,211,071                6,913                  7,163
                        On-market share buy-back1                                                                         -        (38,463,400)                       -                 (250)


                        Less treasury shares:
                        Opening balance                                                                       (5,899,184)            (6,046,328)                   (36)                   (25)
                        Shares purchased on market                                                             (500,000)             (13,748,516)                    (4)                  (75)




For personal use only
                        Utilisation of treasury shares on vesting of employee share schemes
                        and DRP                                                                                4,652,424             13,895,660                     28                     64
                        Total treasury shares                                                                 (1,746,760)             (5,899,184)                   (12)                  (36)
                        Closing balance                                                                   1,721,000,911          1,716,848,487                  6,901                  6,877

                    1 During the prior year, a buy-back of 38.5 million shares was completed. The total consideration paid for shares bought back on-market was $250 million at an average price
                         of $6.50 per share.


                    Ordinary shares
                    Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as determined from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
                    shareholders' meetings. In the event of the winding up of the Group, ordinary shareholders rank after creditors, and are fully entitled to any
                    proceeds of liquidation. The Group does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares.

                    Treasury shares
                    Where the Group or other members of the Group purchase shares in the Company, the consideration paid is deducted from the total
                    shareholders' equity and the shares are treated as treasury shares until they are subsequently sold, reissued or cancelled. Treasury shares are
                    purchased primarily for use on vesting of employee share schemes and the DRP. Shares are accounted for at a weighted average cost.

                    D4 Financial risk management
                    Overview
                    The Group's day-to-day operations, new investment opportunities and funding activities introduce financial risks, which are actively managed
                    by the Board Risk Committee. These risks are grouped into the following categories:
                    •     Credit: The risk that a counterparty will not fulfil its financial obligations under a contract or other arrangement.
                    •     Market: The risk that fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates will adversely impact the Group's result.
                    •     Liquidity: The risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.

                        Risk                    Sources                 Risk management framework                             Financial exposure
                        Credit                  Sale of goods           The Board approves credit risk                        Notes C1, C6 and D4 disclose the carrying amounts of
                                                and services and        management policies that determine the                financial assets, which represent the Group's maximum
                                                hedging activities      level of exposures it is prepared to accept.          exposure to credit risk at the reporting date. The Group
                                                                        Credit limits are allocated to counterparties         utilises International Swaps and Derivative Association
                                                                        based on publicly available credit                    (ISDA) agreements to limit exposure to credit risk by
                                                                        information from recognised providers                 netting amounts receivable from and payable to individual
                                                                        where available.                                      counterparties (refer to note G8).
                        Market                  Purchase and sale       The Board approves policies that ensure     See below for further discussion of market risk.
                                                of commodities and      the Group is not exposed to excess
                                                funding risks           risk from market volatility. These policies
                                                                        include active hedging of price and volume
                                                                        exposures within prescribed cash flow at
                                                                        risk and value at risk limits.
                        Liquidity               Ongoing business        The Group centrally manages its liquidity             Analysis of the Group's liquidity profile as at the reporting
                                                obligations and new     position through cash flow forecasting                date is presented at the end of this section.
                                                investment              and maintenance of minimum levels of
                                                opportunities           liquidity determined by the Board. The
                                                                        debt portfolio is periodically reviewed to
                                                                        ensure there is funding flexibility and an
                                                                        appropriate maturity profile.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                117




                    D4 Financial risk management (continued)
                    Market risk
                    The scope of the Group's operations and activities exposes it to multiple markets risks. The table below summarises these risks by nature of
                    exposure and provides information about the risk mitigation strategies being applied.

                        Nature                 Sources of financial exposure                                          Risk management strategy
                        Commodity price        Future commercial transactions and recognised assets and               Due to vertical integration, a significant portion of the
                                               liabilities exposed to changes in electricity, oil, gas, coal or       Group's spot electricity purchases from the NEM are
                                               environmental scheme certificate prices                                naturally hedged by generation sales into the NEM at
                                                                                                                      spot prices. The Group manages its remaining exposure
                                                                                                                      to commodity price fluctuations within Board-approved
                                                                                                                      limits using a mix of commercial contracts (such as
                                                                                                                      fixed-price purchase contracts) and derivative instruments




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      (described below).
                        Foreign exchange       Foreign-denominated borrowings and investments and future              The Group limits its exposure to changes in foreign
                                               foreign currency denominated commercial transactions                   exchange rates through forward foreign exchange
                                                                                                                      contracts and cross-currency interest rate swaps. In certain
                                                                                                                      circumstances, borrowings are left in a foreign currency, or
                                                                                                                      swapped from one foreign currency to another, to hedge
                                                                                                                      expected future business cash flows in that currency.
                                                                                                                      Significant foreign-denominated transactions undertaken
                                                                                                                      in the normal course of operations are managed on a
                                                                                                                      case-by-case basis.
                        Interest rate          Variable-rate borrowings (cash flow risk) and fixed-rate borrowings Interest rate exposures are kept within an acceptable range
                                               (fair value risk)                                                   as determined by the Board. Risk limits are managed
                                                                                                                   through a combination of fixed-rate and fixed-to-floating
                                                                                                                   interest rate swaps.


                    Derivatives to manage market risks
                    Derivative instruments are contracts with values that are derived from an underlying price index (or other variable) that require little or no initial
                    net investment, and that are settled at a future date.
                    The Group uses the following types of derivative instruments to mitigate market risk.

                        Forwards               A contract documenting the underlying reference rate (such as benchmark price or exchange rate) to be paid or received on
                                               a notional principal obligation at a future date.
                        Futures                An exchange-traded contract to buy or sell an asset for an agreed price at a future date. Futures are net-settled in cash without
                                               physical delivery of the underlying asset.
                        Swaps                  A contract in which two parties exchange a series of cash flows for another (such as fixed-for-floating interest rate).
                        Options                A contract in which the buyer has the right, but not the obligation, to buy (a call option) or sell (a put option) an instrument at
                                               a fixed price in the future. The seller has the corresponding obligation to fulfil the transaction if the buyer exercises the option.
                        Structured             A non-standardised contract, generally with an energy market participant, to acquire long-term capacity. These contracts
                        electricity products   typically contain features similar to swaps and call options.


                    Derivatives are carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Movements in the price of the underlying variables, which cause the value of the
                    contract to fluctuate, are reflected in the fair value of the derivative.
                    The method of recognising changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated in an 'accounting' hedge relationship.
                    Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges are referred to as 'economic' hedges.
                    Fair value gains and losses attributable to economic hedges are recognised in the income statement and resulted in a $270 million gain (2022:
                    $1,153 million gain) for the year. Fair value gains and losses attributable to accounting hedges are discussed in the Hedge Accounting section.
                        118                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




                    D4 Financial risk management (continued)

                                                                                                                    Assets                                  Liabilities
                        $m                                                                                  Current             Non-current             Current           Non-current


                        2023
                        Economic hedges
                        Commodity contracts                                                                        751                 1,183              (706)                (1,051)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                                27                      2               (10)                  (10)
                        Total economic hedges                                                                     778                  1,185              (716)               (1,061)


                        Accounting hedges




For personal use only
                        Commodity contracts                                                                       322                    391               (185)                 (82)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                                  -                     -                 -                   (31)
                        Total accounting hedges                                                                   322                    391              (185)                 (113)
                        Total                                                                                1,100                     1,576              (901)                (1,174)


                        2022
                        Economic hedges
                        Commodity contracts                                                                       1,112                1,766             (1,417)               (1,526)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                                 5                      -               (48)                   (3)
                        Total economic hedges                                                                 1,117                    1,766            (1,465)               (1,529)


                        Accounting hedges
                        Commodity contracts                                                                   2,016                    1,309               (125)                 (161)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                                41                      -                 -                  (54)
                        Total accounting hedges                                                              2,057                    1,309               (125)                 (215)
                        Total                                                                                 3,174                   3,075             (1,590)               (1,744)


                    Hedge accounting
                    The Group uses two types of hedge accounting relationships, as detailed below.

                                               Fair value hedge                                                           Cash flow hedge
                        Objective of           To hedge our exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised To hedge our exposure to variability in the cash flows of a
                        hedging                asset or liability or unrecognised firm commitment, caused by      recognised asset or liability, or a highly probable forecast
                        arrangement            interest rate or foreign currency movements.                       transaction caused by commodity price, interest rate and
                                                                                                                  foreign currency movements.
                        Effective              All changes in the fair value of the underlying item relating to           The effective portion of changes in the fair value of
                        hedge portion          the hedged risk and the change in fair value of derivatives are            derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recognised
                                               recognised in profit and loss at the same time.                            in the hedge reserve.
                        Hedge                  Certain determinants of fair value, such as credit charges included in derivatives, or mismatches between the timing of
                        ineffectiveness        the instrument and the underlying item in the hedge relationship, can cause hedge ineffectiveness. Any ineffectiveness is
                                               recognised immediately in profit or loss as a change in the fair value of derivatives.
                        Hedged item sold       The unamortised fair value adjustment is recognised immediately Amounts accumulated in the hedge reserve are transferred
                        or repaid              in profit or loss.                                              immediately to profit or loss.
                        Hedging instrument     The unamortised fair value adjustment is recognised in profit or    The amount previously deferred in the hedge reserve is only
                        expires, is sold, is   loss when the hedged item is recognised in profit or loss. This may transferred to profit or loss when the hedged item is also
                        terminated or no       occur over time if the hedged item is amortised over the period recognised in profit or loss.
                        longer qualifies for   to maturity.
                        hedge accounting


                    At 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023 all derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships are cash flow hedges.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                         119




                    D4 Financial risk management (continued)
                    Cash flow hedges
                    A number of derivative contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges of the Group's exposure to foreign exchange, interest rate and
                    commodity price fluctuations. Designated derivatives include swaps, options, futures and forwards.
                    The Group's structured electricity products, though important to the overall risk management strategy, do not qualify for hedge accounting.
                    As such, they are not represented in the summary information below.

                        2023                                                            FX and interest                     Electricity           Crude oil & gas                   Propane
                        Nominal hedge volumes                                                 EUR 600m                          13.1 TWh              1,406k barrels                104k mt
                                                                                                                                                          (crude oil);
                                                                                                                                                      11.9 tBtu (gas)
                        Hedge rates                                                     AUD/EUR 0.62;              $22-$300/MWh                US$53-US$94/bbl             US$490-US$620/mt




For personal use only
                                                                                           Fixed 3.2%                                               (ICE Brent);
                                                                                                                                                US$6.5-US$37.2/
                                                                                                                                                  MMBtu (JKM)
                        Timing of cash flows – up to                                           Sep 2029                     Dec 2026       Oct 2024 (ICE Brent);                   Dec 2026
                                                                                                                                                Dec 2025 (JKM)



                        Carrying amounts - $m                                      FX and interest             Electricity         Crude oil & gas               Propane               Total
                         Hedging instrument – assets1                                               -                  564                     149                         -            713
                         Hedging instrument – liabilities1                                       (31)                 (198)                    (59)                      (10)          (298)
                         Hedge reserve2                                                           45                  (366)                    (99)                      10            (410)
                        Fair value increase/(decrease) - $m
                         Hedging instrument                                                      (18)                (1,918)                  (656)                      (19)         (2,611)
                         Hedged item                                                              18                 1,918                    645                         19         2,600
                         Hedge ineffectiveness3                                                     -                       -                  (11)                        -             (11)


                        Reconciliation of hedge reserve - $m
                         Effective portion of hedge gains/(losses)                               (19)                 (215)                   (186)                      (13)          (433)
                         Transfer of deferred losses/(gains) to:
                         – Cost of sales                                                            -               (1,704)                   (484)                       (6)        (2,194)
                         – Finance costs                                                         (30)                       -                    -                         -            (30)
                         Tax on above items                                                       15                   575                     201                        6             797
                        Change in hedge reserve (post-tax)                                      (34)               (1,344)                    (469)                      (13)        (1,860)

                    1 Hedging instruments are included in the derivatives balance on the statement of financial position.
                    2 No hedges have been discontinued or de-designated in the current year.
                    3 Hedge ineffectiveness is recognised within expenses in the income statement as a change in fair value of derivatives.
                        120                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




                    D4 Financial risk management (continued)
                    Market risk
                    The following is a summary of the Group's market risk and the sensitivity of financial instrument fair values to reasonably possible changes in
                    market pricing at the reporting date.

                        Risk                            Exposure                                                          Relationship to financial instruments value
                        USD exchange rate               •   USD debt                                                      A 10 per cent increase/decrease in the USD exchange rate
                                                                                                                          would increase/decrease fair value by $101/ ($104) million
                                                        •   FX and commodity derivatives with USD pricing                 (2022: $47/ ($48 million).
                        Euro exchange rate              •   Currency basis on the cross-currency interest rate            A 10 per cent increase/decrease in the EUR exchange rate
                                                            swaps (CCIRSs) swapping euro debt to AUD                      would increase/decrease fair value by $10 million (2022:
                                                                                                                          $6 million).




For personal use only
                        Interest rates                  •   Interest rate swaps                                           A 100 basis point increase/decrease in interest rates
                                                                                                                          would impact fair value by $4/($9) million (2022: ($27)/
                                                        •   Long-term derivatives and other financial assets/             $26 million).
                                                            liabilities for which discounting is significant

                        Electricity forward price       •   Electricity forward price                                     A 10 per cent increase/decrease in electricity forward
                                                                                                                          prices would increase/decrease fair value by $105 million
                                                                                                                          (2022:$355 million).
                        Oil forward price               •   Commodity derivatives                                         A 10 per cent increase/decrease in oil forward prices
                                                                                                                          would decrease/increase fair value by $223 million (2022:
                                                                                                                          ($140)/$139 million).
                        Renewable Energy                •   REC forwards                                                  A 10 per cent increase/decrease in renewable energy
                        Certificates (REC)                                                                                certificate forward prices would increase/decrease fair
                        forward price                   •   Environmental scheme certificates                             value by $29 million (2022: $32 million).
                                                        •   Environmental scheme surrender obligations


                    Liquidity risk
                    The table below sets out the timing of the Group's payment obligations, as compared to the receipts expected from the Group's financial
                    assets, and available undrawn facilities. Amounts are presented on an undiscounted basis and include cash flows not recorded on the
                    statement of financial position, such as interest payments for borrowings.

                        2023
                                                                                                                Less than             One to             Two to                Over
                        $m                                                                                       one year           two years         five years          five years
                        Bank loans and capital markets borrowings                                                   (220)                  (91)          (1,029)             (1,836)
                        Lease liabilities                                                                            (99)                 (94)             (212)              (322)
                        Net other financial assets/liabilities                                                       545                  144                 13                156
                                                                                                                     226                  (41)           (1,228)            (2,002)
                        Derivative liabilities                                                                      (964)                (459)             (321)              (376)
                        Derivative assets                                                                           1,253               1,002               559                 174
                                                                                                                     289                 543                238               (202)
                        Net liquidity exposure                                                                       515                 502              (990)             (2,204)


                    The Group has $370 million of cash and $2,849 million in committed undrawn floating rate borrowing facilities expiring beyond one year.

                        2022
                                                                                                          Less than                  One to              Two to                Over
                        $m                                                                                 one year                two years          five years          five years
                        Bank loans and capital markets borrowings                                                (343)                  (211)              (749)            (2,082)
                        Lease liabilities                                                                         (88)                   (69)              (166)              (364)
                        Net other financial assets/liabilities                                                    (69)                    76                 52                     74
                                                                                                                 (500)                 (204)               (863)            (2,372)
                        Derivative liabilities                                                                  (2,104)                (959)               (314)              (285)
                        Derivative assets                                                                       3,975                  1,736                941                347
                                                                                                                 1,871                  777                 627                 62
                        Net liquidity exposure                                                                   1,371                  573                (236)            (2,310)


                    The Group had $572 million of cash and $2,702 million in committed undrawn floating rate borrowing facilities expiring beyond one year.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                   121




                    D5 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
                    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are grouped into the following categories based on the level of observable market data
                    used in determining that fair value:
                    •     Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as exchange-traded derivatives and RECs) is the quoted market
                          price at the end of the reporting period. These instruments are included in level 1.
                    •     Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (such as over-the-counter derivatives) is determined
                          using valuation techniques that maximise the use of observable market data. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are
                          observable, either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices), the instrument is included in level 2.
                    •     Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs required to fair value an instrument is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                          is included in level 3.

                                                                                                       Level 1            Level 2            Level 3              Total
                        2023                                                    Note                      $m                 $m                 $m                  $m




For personal use only
                        Derivative financial assets                               D4                    1,044              1,310               322              2,676
                        Other financial assets at fair value                      C6                      478                 69                170                717
                        Financial assets carried at fair value                                          1,522              1,379               492              3,393


                        Derivative financial liabilities                          D4                     (592)              (883)             (600)            (2,075)
                        Other financial liabilities at fair value                 C6                     (369)                 -                  -              (369)
                        Financial liabilities carried at fair value                                      (961)             (883)              (600)            (2,444)


                                                                                                       Level 1            Level 2            Level 3              Total
                        2022                                                                              $m                 $m                 $m                  $m
                        Derivative financial assets                               D4                     1,917             3,382               950              6,249
                        Other financial assets at fair value                      C6                      623                 73                 74               770
                        Financial assets carried at fair value                                         2,540              3,455              1,024              7,019


                        Derivative financial liabilities                          D4                     (471)            (2,294)              (569)           (3,334)
                        Other financial liabilities at fair value                 C6                     (417)                 -                  -               (417)
                        Financial liabilities carried at fair value                                      (888)           (2,294)              (569)             (3,751)


                    The following table shows a reconciliation of movements in the fair value of level 3 instruments during the year.

                                                                                                                                                                   $m


                        Balance as at 1 July 2022                                                                                                                 455
                        New instruments recognised in the year                                                                                                     80
                        Net cash settlements paid/(received)                                                                                                     (258)
                        Gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                                     12
                        Gains/(losses) recognised in profit or loss
                         Change in fair value                                                                                                                    (655)
                         Cost of sales                                                                                                                            258
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023                                                                                                               (108)
                        122                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                    D5 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities (continued)
                    Valuation techniques used to determine fair values
                    The various techniques used to value the Group's financial instruments are summarised in the following table. To the maximum extent possible,
                    valuations are based on assumptions that are supported by independent and observable market data. For instruments that settle more
                    than 12 months from the reporting date, cash flows are discounted at the applicable market yield, adjusted to reflect the credit risk of the
                    specific counterparty.

                        Instrument                             Fair value methodology
                        Financial instruments traded in        Quoted market prices at reporting date.
                        active markets
                        Interest rate swaps and CCIRS          Present value of expected future cash flows based on observable yield curves and forward exchange rates at
                                                               reporting date.
                        Forward foreign                        Present value of future cash flows based on observable forward exchange rates at reporting date.




For personal use only
                        exchange contracts
                        Electricity, oil and other commodity Present value of expected future cash flows based on observable forward commodity price curves (where
                        derivatives (not traded in           available). The majority of the Group's level 3 instruments are commodity contracts for which further detail on
                        active markets)                      the significant unobservable inputs is included below.
                        Other financial instruments            Discounted cash flow analysis.
                        Long-term borrowings                   Present value of future contract cash flows.


                    Future climate-related conditions, legislation and policies may have an impact on market prices. Refer to the Strategy and climate change risks
                    section in the Overview for further analysis of the Group’s climate scenario analysis.

                    Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
                    The following is a summary of the Group's level 3 financial instruments, the significant inputs for which market observable data is unavailable,
                    and the sensitivity of the estimated fair values to the assumptions applied by management.

                        Instrument               Unobservable inputs                                Relationship to fair value
                        Electricity              Forward electricity swap price curve               A 10 per cent increase/decrease in the unobservable inputs would
                        derivatives              Forward electricity cap price curve                increase/decrease fair value by $201 million (2022: $256 million).
                                                 Forecast REC prices


                    Day 1 fair value adjustments
                    For certain complex financial instruments, such as the structured electricity products, the fair value that is determined at inception of the
                    contract using unobservable inputs does not equal the transaction price. When this occurs, the difference is deferred to the statement of
                    financial position and recognised in the income statement over the life of the contract in a manner consistent with the valuation methodology
                    initially applied.

                                                                                                                                                                          $m
                        Reconciliation of net deferred gain
                        Balance as at 1 July 2022                                                                                                                        484
                        Value recognised in the income statement                                                                                                         (87)
                        New instruments recognised in the year                                                                                                           (27)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023                                                                                                                       370


                        Classification of net deferred gain
                        Derivative assets                                                                                                                                187
                        Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                           183
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023                                                                                                                       370
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                       123




                    D5 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities (continued)
                    Financial instruments measured at amortised cost
                    Except as noted below, the carrying amounts of non-current financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are reasonable
                    approximations of their fair values.
                    The table below reflects debt instruments reported within non-current interest-bearing liabilities on the balance sheet. Non-current lease
                    liabilities, which are also reported within non-current interest-bearing liabilities are excluded. The fair value of these financial instruments
                    reflects the present value of expected future cash flows based on market pricing data for the relevant underlying interest and foreign exchange
                    rates. Cash flows are discounted at the applicable credit-adjusted market yield.

                                                                                                                           Carrying value                                     Fair value
                                                                                                                           2023                     2022                    2023                    2022
                                                                                             Fair value
                                                                                        hierarchy level                        $m                      $m                      $m                      $m




For personal use only
                        Liabilities
                        Bank loans – unsecured                                                 2                              515                    508                      539                     542
                        Capital markets borrowings – unsecured                                 2                           2,070                   2,090                    1,975                   1,874
                        Total1                                                                                             2,585                   2,598                   2,514                   2,416

                    1 Non-current interest-bearing liabilities in the statement of financial position include $2,585 million (2022: $2,598 million) as disclosed above, and lease liabilities of $481 million
                         (2022: $476 million).
                        124                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                    E Taxation
                    This section provides details of the Group's income tax expense, current tax provision, deferred tax balances and tax accounting policies.

                    E1 Income tax expense

                                                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                 $m
                        Income tax
                        Current tax expense                                                                                              586               100
                        Adjustments to current tax expense for previous years                                                              (2)               (2)
                        Deferred tax expense                                                                                             (164)             453




For personal use only
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                         420                551


                        Reconciliation between tax expense and pre-tax net profit
                        Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                                1,478              (874)
                        Income tax using the domestic corporation tax rate of 30 per cent (2022: 30 per cent)
                        Prima facie income tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit:
                        – at Australian tax rate of 30 per cent                                                                          443              (262)
                        – adjustment for tax exempt charity (Origin Foundation Limited)                                                    (1)                2
                        – adjustment for difference between Australian and overseas tax rates                                               1                 -
                        Income tax expense/(benefit) on pre-tax accounting profit at standard rates                                      443              (260)


                        Increase/(decrease) in income tax expense due to:
                        Share of results of equity accounted investees                                                                  (397)             (300)
                        Unfranked dividends received - APLNG                                                                             535                130
                        Deferred tax liability (utilisation)/recognition - APLNG                                                        (180)                39
                        Loss on divestment - APLNG equity accounted investment                                                              -                33
                        Net capital gains tax on divestment - APLNG                                                                         -               172
                        Impairment of carrying value of Energy Markets goodwill                                                             -              659
                        Accounting loss on disposal - Beetaloo                                                                            32                  -
                        Net capital gains tax on disposal - Beetaloo                                                                      33                  -
                        Deferred tax liability reversal on disposal - Beetaloo                                                           (64)                 -
                        LGC shortfall charge                                                                                              35                 67
                        Recycling of foreign currency translation reserve to the income statement on wind up - Origin Energy
                        Hydro Bermuda                                                                                                     (19)                -
                        Other                                                                                                               2                 9
                                                                                                                                         (23)              809
                        Under provided in prior years                                                                                       -                 2
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                         420                551


                        Deferred tax movements recognised directly in other comprehensive income and equity (including foreign
                        currency translation)
                        Financial instruments at fair value                                                                             (797)              886
                        Provisions                                                                                                         (5)              (10)
                        Other items                                                                                                        (3)                -
                                                                                                                                        (805)              876


                    The Company and its wholly owned Australian resident entities that met the membership requirement formed a tax-consolidated group with
                    effect from 1 July 2003. The head entity within the tax-consolidated group is Origin Energy Limited. Tax funding arrangement amounts are
                    recognised as inter-entity amounts.
                    Income tax expense is made up of current tax expense and deferred tax expense. Current tax expense represents the expected tax payable on
                    the taxable income for the year, using current tax rates and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Deferred tax expense
                    reflects the temporary differences between the accounting carrying amount of an asset or liability in the statement of financial position and
                    its tax base.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                        125




                    E1 Income tax expense (continued)

                        Key judgements and estimates

                        Tax balances: Tax balances reflect a current understanding and interpretation of existing tax laws. Uncertainty arises due to the possibility
                        that changes in tax law or other future circumstances can impact the tax balances recognised in the financial statements. Ultimate
                        outcomes may vary.
                        Deferred taxes: The recognition of deferred tax balances requires judgement as to whether it is probable such balances will be utilised
                        and/or reversed in the foreseeable future and there will be sufficient future taxable profits against which the benefits can be utilised.
                        A deferred tax liability is recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in joint ventures unless the Group is
                        able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                        foreseeable future. The deferred tax liability in respect of the investment in APLNG represents carried forward equity accounted earnings
                        that are expected to be distributed to Origin via dividends from APLNG in the foreseeable future. In determining the forecast distributions




For personal use only
                        from APLNG, the Group’s assessment of future cash flows considers a range of macroeconomic and project assumptions, including oil and
                        LNG prices, AUD/USD exchange rates, discount rates and costs over the asset's life.
                        At 30 June 2023, the Group has recognised a deferred tax liability of $528 million. The remaining unbooked balance is not expected to
                        reverse in the foreseeable future through the payment of future dividends, through sale or through a capital return. The unrecognised
                        portion is disclosed in note E2.


                    Income tax expense recognised in other comprehensive income

                                                                                               2023                                              2022
                        $m                                                         Gross              Tax             Net            Gross              Tax             Net


                        Actuarial gain on defined benefit
                        superannuation plan                                            -                -                -               1                -               1
                        Investment valuation changes                                  12               (3)              9                4               (1)              3


                        Foreign currency translation reserve:
                         Reclassified to income statement                            (62)               -             (62)           (103)                -           (103)
                         Translation of foreign operations                          282                 8            290              584                14            598


                        Cash flow hedges:
                         Reclassified to income statement                         (2,224)             667          (1,557)           (443)              133           (310)
                         Effective portion of change in fair value                 (433)              130           (303)           3,407           (1,022)          2,385
                        Other comprehensive income for the year                  (2,425)             802           (1,623)         3,450             (876)           2,574


                    E2 Deferred tax
                    Deferred tax balances arise when there are temporary differences between accounting carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and
                    liabilities, other than where:
                    •     the difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and affects neither
                          the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;
                    •     temporary differences relate to investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint arrangements, to the extent the Group is able
                          to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
                    •     temporary differences arise on initial recognition of goodwill.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or the liability
                    is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
                    A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can
                    be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced if it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
                        126                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                    E2 Deferred tax (continued)
                    Movement in temporary differences during the year

                                                                                                                                                            Recognised
                                                                                                 Acquisition                                                  in current
                        Asset/(liability)                           1 July Recognised Recognised          of                 30 June Recognised Recognised            tax                30 June
                        $m                                           2021 in income     in equity subsidiary                   2022 in income     in equity      liability                 2023


                        Employee benefits                              80               4              -              -            84             14               -              -            98
                        Provisions                                   430              (17)           10               -          423            (114)              5              -           314
                        Tax value of carry-forward tax
                        losses recognised                                1              -              -              -              1              -              -              -              1
                        PP&E                                         (215)            36               -              -          (179)            41               -              -          (138)




For personal use only
                        Exploration and evaluation assets             (67)            (13)             -              -           (80)            78               -              -            (2)
                        Financial instruments at fair value           347          (397)          (886)               -         (936)            (40)           797               -          (179)
                        Investment in APLNG                         (669)            (39)              -              -         (708)            180               -              -         (528)
                        APLNG MRCPS elimination (refer
                        to note B2.2)                                  48             (15)             -              -            33               -              -              -            33
                        Business-related costs
                        (deductible under
                        s.40-880 ITAA97)                               26            (20)              -              -             6              4               -              -            10
                        ROU assets                                    (121)           (18)             -              -          (139)             (1)             -              -          (140)
                        Lease liabilities                             139             22               -              -           161               3              -              -           164
                        Intangibles                                      1              1              -           (25)           (23)              1              -              -           (22)
                        Other items                                     (5)             3              -              -            (2)            (2)              3             4              3
                        Net deferred tax liabilities                   (5)         (453)          (876)            (25)       (1,359)            164           805               4          (386)


                    Unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                                                                                         $m                    $m


                        Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:
                        Revenue losses - non-Australian                                                                                                                   4                      5
                        Petroleum resource rent tax, net of income tax                                                                                                  119                   119
                        Acquisition transaction costs                                                                                                                    57                    57
                        Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 8                     8
                                                                                                                                                                        188                   189




                        Deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised in respect of the following items:
                        Investment in APLNG1                                                                                                                           (759)                (685)
                                                                                                                                                                       (759)                (685)

                    1 The deferred tax liability in respect of the investment in APLNG has not been recognised in full during the year as not all of the temporary difference is expected to reverse
                         in the foreseeable future.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                            127




                    F Group structure
                    The following section provides information on the Group's structure and how this impacts the results of the Group as a whole, including details
                    of joint arrangements, associates, controlled entities, and changes made to the Group structure during the year.

                    F1 Controlled entities
                    The financial statements of the Group include the consolidation of Origin Energy Limited and controlled entities. Controlled entities are the
                    following entities controlled by the parent entity (Origin Energy Limited).

                                                                                                                          Incorporated in            Ownership interest per cent
                                                                                                                                                         2023             2022
                        Origin Energy Limited                                                                                         NSW




For personal use only
                         Origin Energy Finance Limited                                                                                  Vic                100             100
                         Huddart Parker Pty Limited1                                                                                    Vic                100             100
                         FRL Pty Ltd1                                                                                                   WA                 100             100
                         Origin Energy Power Limited1                                                                                    SA                100             100
                           Origin Energy SWC Limited1                                                                                   WA                 100             100
                           Sun Spot 5 Pty Ltd2                                                                                        NSW                  100             100
                           Sun Spot 6 Pty Ltd2                                                                                        NSW                  100                -
                           Yarrabee Project Co Pty Ltd                                                                                  Vic                100             100
                           Yarrabee Project Trust                                                                                       Vic                100             100
                            Yarrabee One Pty Ltd                                                                                        Vic                100             100
                            Yarrabee One Trust                                                                                          Vic                100             100
                           Origin Energy Wind North Pty Ltd                                                                           NSW                  100                -
                            Navigator North Holding Pty Ltd                                                                           NSW                   80                -
                              Navigator North Project Pty Ltd                                                                         NSW                   80                -
                           Origin Energy Wind North Trust                                                                             NSW                  100                -
                            Navigator North Holding Trust                                                                             NSW                   80                -
                              Navigator North Project Trust                                                                           NSW                   80                -
                           Origin Energy Wind South Pty Ltd                                                                           NSW                  100                -
                            Navigator South Holding Pty Ltd                                                                           NSW                   80                -
                              Navigator South Project Pty Ltd                                                                         NSW                   80                -
                           Origin Energy Wind South Trust                                                                             NSW                  100                -
                            Navigator South Holding Trust                                                                             NSW                   80                -
                              Navigator South Project Trust                                                                           NSW                   80                -
                           Origin Energy Eraring Pty Limited1                                                                         NSW                  100             100
                            Origin Energy Eraring Services Pty Limited1                                                               NSW                  100             100
                         Origin Energy Upstream Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                        Vic                100             100
                           Origin Energy B2 Pty Ltd                                                                                     Vic                   -            100
                           Origin Energy Browse Pty Ltd                                                                                 Vic                100             100
                           Origin Energy West Pty Ltd                                                                                 NSW                  100             100
                           Origin Energy C6 Pty Limited                                                                                 Vic                100             100
                           Origin Energy C5 Pty Limited                                                                                 Vic                100             100
                           Origin Energy Future Fuels Pty Ltd                                                                           Vic                100             100
                         Origin Energy Upstream Operator Pty Ltd                                                                        Vic                100             100
                         Origin Energy Holdings Pty Limited1                                                                            Vic                100             100
                           Origin Energy Retail Limited1                                                                                 SA                100             100
                            Origin Energy (Vic) Pty Limited1                                                                            Vic                100             100
                            Gasmart (Vic) Pty Ltd1                                                                                      Vic                100             100
                            Origin Energy (TM) Pty Limited1                                                                             Vic                100             100
                            Cogent Energy Pty Ltd                                                                                       Vic                100             100
                            Origin Energy Retail No. 1 Pty Limited                                                                      Vic                100             100
                              Origin Energy Retail No. 2 Pty Limited                                                                    Vic                100             100

                    1 Entered into ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and related Deed of Cross Guarantee with Origin Energy Limited.
                    2 Controlled entity has a financial reporting period ending 31 December.
                        128                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                    F1 Controlled entities (continued)

                                                                                                                         Incorporated in             Ownership interest per cent
                                                                                                                                                        2023              2022
                          Origin Energy Electricity Limited1                                                                           Vic                100              100
                              Eraring Gentrader Depositor Pty Limited                                                                  Vic                100              100
                              Sun Retail Pty Ltd1                                                                                     Qld                 100              100
                              OE Power Pty Limited1                                                                                    Vic                100              100
                               Origin Energy Uranquinty Power Pty Ltd1                                                                 Vic                100              100
                              OC Energy Pty Ltd1                                                                                       Vic                100              100
                              Origin Energy Eraring Battery Pty Ltd                                                                  NSW                  100              100
                              Ten Ants Connect Pty Ltd                                                                               NSW                  100              100




For personal use only
                              WINconnect Pty Ltd                                                                                       Vic                100              100
                               Nextgen Utilities Pty Ltd                                                                               Vic                100              100
                               Carbon Energy Management Technologies Pty Ltd                                                          WA                  100              100
                               LM Unit Trust (No 1)                                                                                   WA                  100              100
                               Carbon R&D Pty Ltd                                                                                     WA                  100              100
                          Origin Energy International Holdings Pty Limited                                                             Vic                100              100
                          Origin Energy PNG Ltd2                                                                                     PNG                  66.7             66.7
                          Origin Energy PNG Holdings Limited2                                                                        PNG                  100              100
                          Origin Energy Tasmania Pty Limited1                                                                          Tas                100              100
                          The Fiji Gas Co Ltd                                                                                          Fiji                 51               51
                          Origin Energy Contracting Limited1                                                                          Qld                 100              100
                          Origin Energy LPG Limited1                                                                                 NSW                  100              100
                              Origin (LGC) (Aust) Pty Limited1                                                                       NSW                  100              100
                              Origin Energy SA Pty Limited1                                                                            SA                 100              100
                              Hylemit Pty Limited                                                                                      Vic                100              100
                              Origin Energy LPG Retail (NSW) Pty Limited                                                             NSW                  100              100
                          Origin Energy WA Pty Limited1                                                                               WA                  100              100
                          Origin Energy Services Limited1                                                                              SA                 100              100
                              OEL US Inc.                                                                                            USA                  100              100
                          Origin Energy Asset Management Limited1                                                                      SA                 100              100
                          Origin Energy Pipelines Pty Limited1                                                                         NT                 100              100
                          Origin Energy Solomons Ltd                                                                    Solomon Islands                    80               80
                          Origin Energy Cook Islands Ltd                                                                    Cook Islands                  100              100
                          Origin Energy Vanuatu Ltd                                                                              Vanuatu                  100              100
                          Origin Energy Samoa Ltd                                                                        Western Samoa                    100              100
                          Origin Energy American Samoa Inc                                                              American Samoa                    100              100
                          Origin Energy Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd                                                            Singapore                  100              100
                          Angari Pty Limited1                                                                                          SA                 100              100
                          Oil Investments Pty Limited1                                                                                 SA                 100              100
                          Origin Energy Southern Africa Holdings Pty Limited                                                          Qld                 100              100
                          Origin Energy Vietnam Pty Limited                                                                            Vic                100              100
                              Origin Energy Singapore Holdings Pte Limited                                                     Singapore                  100              100
                               Origin Energy (Song Hong) Pte Limited                                                           Singapore                  100              100
                          Origin Future Energy Pty Limited                                                                           NSW                  100              100
                          Origin Energy Metering Coordinator Pty Ltd                                                                 NSW                  100              100
                          Origin Energy Resources NZ (Rimu) Limited                                                                    NZ                 100              100

                    1 Entered into ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and related Deed of Cross Guarantee with Origin Energy Limited.
                    2 Controlled entity has a financial reporting period ending 31 December.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                            129




                    F1 Controlled entities (continued)

                                                                                                                         Incorporated in             Ownership interest per cent
                                                                                                                                                        2023              2022
                        Origin Energy VIC Holdings Pty Limited1                                                                        Vic                100              100
                        OE JV Co Pty Limited1                                                                                          Vic                100              100
                         Origin Energy LNG Holdings Pte Limited                                                                Singapore                  100              100
                         Origin Energy LNG Portfolio Pty Ltd1                                                                          Vic                100              100
                        Origin Energy Australia Holding BV2                                                                  Netherlands                  100              100
                         Origin Energy Mt Stuart BV2                                                                         Netherlands                  100              100
                           OE Mt Stuart General Partnership2                                                                 Netherlands                  100              100
                        Parbond Pty Limited                                                                                          NSW                  100              100




For personal use only
                        Origin Energy Foundation Ltd                                                                                 NSW                  100              100
                        Origin Renewable Energy Investments No 1 Pty Ltd                                                               Vic                100              100
                        Origin Renewable Energy Investment Trust                                                                       Vic                100              100
                         Origin Renewable Energy Pty Ltd                                                                               Vic                100              100
                           Origin Energy Geothermal Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                   Vic                100              100
                            Origin Energy Geothermal Pty Ltd                                                                           Vic                100              100
                            Origin Energy Chile Holdings Pty Limited                                                                   Vic                100              100
                           Origin Energy Wind Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                         Vic                100              100
                            Wind Power Pty Ltd                                                                                         Vic                100              100
                           Origin Energy Hydro Bermuda Limited                                                                  Bermuda                       -            100
                        Origin Energy People Services Pty Ltd                                                                        NSW                  100                 -
                        Origin Energy Upstream People Services Pty Ltd                                                               NSW                  100                 -

                    1 Entered into ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and related Deed of Cross Guarantee with Origin Energy Limited.
                    2 Controlled entity has a financial reporting period ending 31 December.


                    Changes in controlled entities

                    •   Sun Spot 6 Pty Ltd was acquired on 5 August 2022.
                    •   Origin Energy B2 Pty Ltd was sold on 9 November 2022.
                    •   Origin Energy Hydro Bermuda Limited was wound up on 10 January 2023.
                    •   Origin Energy Wind North Pty Ltd, Origin Energy Wind North Trust, Origin Energy Wind South Pty Ltd and Origin Energy Wind South Trust
                        were incorporated on 21 April 2023.
                    •   Navigator North Holding Pty Ltd, Navigator North Holding Trust, Navigator North Project Pty Ltd, Navigator North Project Trust, Navigator
                        South Holding Pty Ltd, Navigator South Holding Trust, Navigator South Project Pty Ltd and Navigator South Project Trust were acquired
                        on 27 April 2023.
                    •   Origin Energy People Services Pty Ltd and Origin Energy Upstream People Services Pty Ltd were incorporated on 23 June 2023.

                    F2 Business combinations
                    There were no significant business combinations during the year.

                    F3 Joint arrangements and investments in associates
                    Joint arrangements are entities over whose activities the Group has joint control, established by contractual agreement and requiring the
                    consent of two or more parties for strategic, financial and operating decisions. The Group classifies its interests in joint arrangements as either
                    joint operations or joint ventures, depending on its rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of the arrangements.
                    Associates are entities, other than partnerships, for which the Group exercises significant influence, but no control, over the financial and
                    operating policies, and which are not intended for sale in the near future.
                    Of the Group's interests in joint arrangements and associates, only APLNG and Octopus Energy have a material impact on the Group at
                    30 June 2023 (refer to Section B).

                    Interests in unincorporated joint operations

                    The Group's interests in unincorporated joint operations are brought to account on a line-by-line basis in the income statement and statement
                    of financial position. These interests are held on the following assets whose principal activities are oil and/or gas exploration, development and
                    production; power generation; and geothermal power technology:
                    •   Browse Basin
                    •   Innamincka Deeps Geothermal
                    •   Cooper-Eromanga Basin
                        130                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                    F4 Assets and liabilities held for sale and disposals
                    Assets and liabilities held for sale
                    LPG Pacific

                    On 8 November 2022 the Group entered into an agreement to sell Origin’s LPG business in the Pacific. This includes the Group's
                    wholly-owned entities in Vanuatu, American Samoa, Samoa and Cook Islands, and controlled entities in Fiji, Papua New Guinea and the
                    Solomon Islands. There are a number of conditions and regulatory approvals required before the sale can be completed and the assets and
                    liabilities relating to the sale have been classified as held for sale as at 30 June 2023.

                    Canning Basin

                    On 10 February 2023 Origin executed an agreement with Buru Energy Limited (Buru) to exit from its participating interests in the seven
                    Exploration Permits in the Canning Basin, the respective Joint Operating Agreements and the Farm-in Agreements. The terms of the sale
                    provide for Origin to provide Buru with up to $4 million to fund a seismic survey and for Buru to provide Origin with future reimbursement




For personal use only
                    payments of up to $34 million, conditional on the achievement of key development and production milestones. Settlement of the transaction
                    remains subject to regulatory approvals.

                                                                                                                                     30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                LPG Pacific    Canning Basin
                                                                                                                                        $m                $m
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       20                 -
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                                     12                 -
                        Inventories                                                                                                     13                 -
                        Other assets                                                                                                     1                 -
                        Total current assets                                                                                            46                 -
                        Non-current assets
                        PP&E                                                                                                            44                 -
                        Exploration and evaluation assets                                                                                -                 8
                        Intangible assets                                                                                                2                 -
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                              1                 -
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                        47                 8
                        Total assets                                                                                                    93                 8
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                         5                 -
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                     3                 -
                        Employee benefits                                                                                                1                 -
                        Total current liabilities                                                                                        9                 -
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                     3                 -
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                         2                 -
                        Provisions                                                                                                       -                 1
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                                    5                 1
                        Total liabilities                                                                                               14                 1
                        Net assets                                                                                                      79                 7


                        Carrying amount of NCI                                                                                         20                  -


                    Disposals
                    Beetaloo

                    On 19 September 2022 the Group entered into a Share Sale Agreement with Tamboran (B1) Pty Ltd for the sale of 100% of the shares of Origin
                    Energy B2 Pty Ltd, which holds a 77.5% interest in three exploration permits in the Beetaloo Basin. Completion of the transaction occurred
                    on 9 November 2022 for upfront consideration of $60 million and a royalty based on wellhead revenues produced from the three Beetaloo
                    permits. This resulted in a pre-tax loss on disposal of $106 million.

                    Origin Energy Hydro Bermuda Pty Limited

                    On 10 January 2023 Origin Energy Hydro Bermuda Pty Limited was wound up. A net gain on disposal of $62 million was recycled to the
                    income statement from the foreign currency translation reserve on wind up.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                  131




                    G Other information
                    This section includes other information to assist in understanding the financial performance and position of the Group, and items required to
                    be disclosed to comply with accounting standards and other pronouncements.

                    G1 Contingent liabilities
                    Discussed below are items where there is a possible obligation whose existence will be confirmed only by uncertain future events not wholly
                    within the Group’s control, or where a present obligation exists, it is either not probable that the Group will have to make future payments, or
                    the amount of future payments is not capable of reliable measurement.

                    Joint arrangements and associates
                    As a participant in certain joint arrangements, the Group is liable for its share of liabilities incurred by these arrangements. In some
                    circumstances, the Group may incur more than its proportionate share of such liabilities but will have the right to recover the excess liability




For personal use only
                    from the other joint arrangement participants.
                    In October 2018, Origin and the other APLNG shareholders agreed to indemnify one of APLNG’s long-term LNG customers (following that
                    customer's election to defer delivery of 30 cargoes over six years (2019-24)) should APLNG fail to supply make-up cargoes to that customer
                    prior to the expiry of the LNG supply contract. The customer will pay APLNG for the deferred cargoes and APLNG expects to resell the
                    gas to other customers and deliver the deferred cargoes to the long-term LNG customer between 2025 and the end of the LNG supply
                    contract. The indemnity was provided severally in accordance with each shareholder’s proportionate shareholding in APLNG. At the inception
                    of the agreement, any obligation or liability on the part of the shareholders will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of
                    future events.

                    Legal and regulatory
                    Certain entities within the Group (and joint venture entities, such as APLNG) are subject to various lawsuits and claims as well as audits
                    and reviews by government, regulatory bodies or other joint venture partners. In most instances, it is not possible to reasonably predict the
                    outcome of these matters or their impact on the Group and accordingly is not probable that future payments will be made. Where outcomes
                    can be reasonably predicted, provisions are recorded.
                    A number of sites owned/operated (or previously owned/operated) by the Group have been identified as potentially contaminated. For sites
                    where it is likely that a present obligation exists, and it is probable that an outflow of resource will be required to settle the obligation, such
                    costs have been expensed or provided for.
                    Warranties and indemnities have also been given and/or received by entities in the Group in relation to environmental liabilities for certain
                    properties divested and/or acquired.

                    Capital expenditure
                    As part of the acquisition of Browse Basin exploration permits in 2015, the Group agreed to pay cash consideration of US$75 million
                    contingent upon a project Final Investment Decision (FID), and US$75 million contingent upon first production. The Group will pay further
                    contingent consideration of up to US$50 million upon first production if 2P reserves, at the time of the FID, reach certain thresholds. These
                    obligations have not been provided for at the reporting date as they are possible obligations that are dependent upon uncertain future events
                    not wholly within the Group’s control.

                    Bank guarantees
                    There are no contingent liabilities arising from bank guarantees held by the Group that are required to be disclosed as at the reporting date,
                    as these have either been provided for, or an outflow of economic benefits is considered remote.
                    The Group's share of guarantees for certain contractual commitments of its joint ventures is shown at note G2.
                        132                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                    G2 Commitments
                    Detailed below are the Group's contractual commitments that are not recognised as liabilities as there is no present obligation.

                                                                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                                                       $m                    $m


                        Capital expenditure commitments                                                                                                              786                    108
                        Joint venture commitments1                                                                                                                    183                   237

                    1 Includes $180 million (2022: $121 million) in relation to the Group's share of APLNG’s capital and joint venture commitments.


                    G3 Share-based payments
                    This section sets out details of the Group's share-based remuneration arrangements, including details of the Company's Equity Incentive Plan




For personal use only
                    and Employee Share Plan (ESP).
                    The table below shows share-based remuneration expenses that were recognised during the year.

                                                                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                                                       $m                    $m


                        Equity Incentive Plan                                                                                                                          25                    29
                        Employee Share Plan                                                                                                                              1                    4
                        Total                                                                                                                                         26                     33


                    Equity Incentive Plan
                    Eligible employees are granted share-based remuneration under the Origin Energy Limited Equity Incentive Plan. Participation in the plan is at
                    the Board’s discretion and no individual has a contractual right to participate or to receive any guaranteed benefits. Equity incentives granted
                    prior to FY2018 were offered in the form of Options and/or Share Rights. From FY2019 onwards, equity incentives are granted in the form of
                    Share Rights and/or Restricted Shares (RSs). Only RSs carry dividend and voting entitlements. To the extent that Share Rights ultimately vest,
                    a dividend equivalent mechanism operates.

                    (i) Short Term Incentive
                    Short Term Incentive (STI) includes the award of RSs, which are subject to trading restrictions for a set period of time (generally up to
                    two years), after which they become unrestricted, provided that the employee remains employed with satisfactory performance. Once
                    unrestricted, the shares are transferred into the employee's name at no cost. The face value of RSs measured at grant date is recognised as
                    an employee expense over the related service period. RSs are forfeited if the service and performance conditions are not met.3

                    (ii) Long Term Incentive
                    The Long Term Incentive (LTI) awards include the award of Share Rights, which vest subject to performance conditions. Generally, half of
                    each LTI award is made in the form of Performance Share Rights (PSRs) and is subject to a market hurdle, namely Origin’s Total Shareholder
                    Return (TSR) relative to a Reference Group of ASX-listed companies, as identified in the 2023 Remuneration Report. The remaining half of
                    each LTI award is made in the form of Restricted Share Rights (RSRs), where vesting is subject to Board assessment with reference to a suite
                    of underpinning conditions, as set out in the 2023 Remuneration Report.
                    The number of awards that may vest are considered separately for PSRs and RSRs. For the PSR awards, which are subject to the relative TSR
                    hurdle, vesting only occurs if Origin’s TSR over the performance period ranks higher than the 50th percentile of the Reference Group. Half of
                    the PSRs vest if that condition is satisfied. All the PSRs vest if Origin ranks at or above the 75th percentile of the Reference Group. Straight-line
                    pro-rata vesting applies in between these two points. The PSR grants made in FY2023 have a performance period of three years. Vesting is
                    into RSs with a trading restriction for a further two years (total deferral five years). For the RSR awards, the Board will determine the vesting
                    outcome shortly before each of three progressive vesting dates at years three, four and five by reference to a broad range of performance
                    indicators. Vesting is into RSs which all have trading restrictions until the end of the fifth year.
                    Prior to FY2021, the LTI awards include the award of PSRs, such that half of the award is subject to the TSR hurdle, and the remaining half of
                    each LTI award is subject to an internal hurdle, namely Return on Capital Employed (ROCE), as set out in the relevant remuneration report.
                    For awards granted in FY2020 that are subject to the ROCE hurdle, half of the ROCE tranche is allocated to Energy Markets and the other
                    half to Integrated Gas. Each tranche is tested separately and vest separately. Vesting for each tranche only occurs if the average actual annual
                    ROCE outcomes over the performance period for the relevant business meets or exceeds the average of the annual ROCE targets, which are
                    reflective of delivering WACC for the relevant business. Half of the relevant PSRs will vest if the ROCE target is met. All the relevant PSRs vest
                    if the ROCE target is exceeded by two percentage points or more. Straight-line pro-rata vesting applies in between. The last tranche of these
                    PSRs that were subject to the ROCE hurdle, vested in FY2023. The LTI awards granted after FY2020 are no longer subject to the ROCE hurdle.
                    Vested share rights are automatically exercised upon vesting, and there is no exercise price. Upon exercise, a vested award is converted into
                    one fully paid ordinary share that is subject to a post-vesting holding lock for a set period (generally up to two years) and carries voting and
                    dividend entitlements.


                    3
                         The Equity Incentive Plan Rules set out exceptional circumstances, such as death, disability, redundancy or genuine retirement, (‘good leaver’ circumstances) under which
                         RSs are released at cessation unless the Board determines otherwise.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                 133




                    G3 Share-based payments (continued)
                    In relation to Share Rights awarded since FY2021, upon vest, a dividend equivalent amount will be delivered in the form of additional shares
                    equal in value (as determined by the Board) to the amount of dividends that would have been paid and re-invested had the participant held
                    the underlying shares during the period from the grant date through to the relevant vesting date.
                    The fair value of the awards granted is recognised as an employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period.
                    In exceptional circumstances4, unvested Share Rights may be held ‘on foot’ subject to the specified performance hurdles and other plan
                    conditions being met, or dealt with in an appropriate manner determined by the Board.
                    For PSRs subject to the relative TSR condition, fair value is measured at grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model that takes into
                    account the exercise price, share price at grant date, price volatility, dividend yield, risk-free interest rate for the term of the security, and the
                    likelihood of meeting the TSR market condition.
                    The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility over a period similar to the life of the options is indicative of future
                    trends, which may not necessarily be the actual outcome. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of




For personal use only
                    awards that vest except where due to non-achievement of the TSR market condition. Set out below are the inputs used to determine the fair
                    value of the PSRs granted during the year.
                    For RSRs subject to the underpinning conditions, the initial fair value at grant date is the market value of an Origin share, and the recognised
                    expense is trued up at each reporting period to the expected outcome as assessed at that time.
                    Set out below is a summary of RSRs and PSRs issued during the financial year.

                                                                                                                          RSRs                  RSRs                    PSRs                   PSRs
                        Grant date                                                                              05 Sep 2022             19 Oct 2022           05 Sep 2022             19 Oct 2022
                        Grant date share price                                                                            $6.13                 $5.64                   $6.13                 $5.64
                        Exercise price                                                                                       Nil                    Nil                    Nil                    Nil
                        Volatility                                                                                            -                      -                  38%                    38%
                        Risk-free rate1                                                                                       -                      -                3.29%                  3.48%
                        Grant date fair value (per award)                                                                 $6.13                 $5.64                  $3.63                   $3.17

                    1 Where the risk-free rate is nil, these RSR tranches are subject to a number of underpinning conditions to be assessed by the Board; therefore, the risk-free rate is not relevant
                         to their valuation.


                    Equity Incentive Plan awards outstanding
                    Set out below is a summary of awards outstanding at the beginning and end of the financial year.

                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                              average
                                                                                              exercise
                                                                        Options                  price                    PSRs                  RSRs                    DSRs                     RSs
                        Outstanding at 1 July 2022                    1,222,882                    $7.37           4,332,463              2,258,298                         -            8,001,126
                        Granted                                                 -                      -            1,201,418              1,213,686                        -           3,565,032
                        Exercised/released                                      -                      -             516,996                         -                      -           3,890,357
                        Forfeited                                     1,222,882                        -            1,627,291                 42,681                        -             252,808
                        Outstanding as at
                        30 June 2023                                            -                      -          3,389,594              3,429,303                          -           7,422,993
                        Exercisable as at 30 June 2023                          -                      -                      -                      -                      -                       -


                        Outstanding at 1 July 2021                    3,105,221                   $6.32           5,670,304                 995,169                  45,556              6,695,155
                        Granted                                                 -                      -           1,296,535               1,311,963                        -           4,929,061
                        Exercised/released                                      -                      -             397,663                         -               45,556              3,156,022
                        Forfeited                                     1,882,339                        -            2,236,713                48,834                         -             467,068
                        Outstanding as at
                        30 June 2022                                 1,222,882                    $7.37           4,332,463              2,258,298                          -           8,001,126
                        Exercisable as at 30 June 2022                          -                      -                      -                      -                      -                       -


                    The weighted average share price during 2023 was $7.34 (2022: $5.45). The options outstanding as at 30 June 2023 were tested on 30 June
                    2023; they did not satisfy the vesting conditions and lapsed on 22 August 2023 in accordance with the Equity Incentive Plan rules.
                    For more information on these share plans and performance rights issued to key management personnel, refer to the Remuneration Report.




                    4
                         The Equity Incentive Plan Rules provide that Share Rights, and RSs arising from STI arrangements, are forfeited on cessation of employment, except in ‘good leaver’
                         circumstances or unless the Board determines otherwise. The offer terms provide guidance for the exercise of that discretion, specifically that the Share Rights and RSs will
                         not normally be forfeited in cases of 'good leavers' (such as those ceasing employment due to death, disability, redundancy or genuine retirement).
                        134                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                    G3 Share-based payments (continued)
                    Employee Share Plan
                    Under the ESP, all eligible employees have a choice of either participating in the $1,000 General Employee Share Plan (GESP) or the Matching
                    Share Plan (MSP). As a result of entering into the binding Scheme Implementation Deed with the Consortium, the operation of the ESP has
                    been suspended from 31 March 2023 and no awards under the ESP are expected to be made during FY2024.
                    Under the GESP, all employees of the Company who are based in Australia and have been continuously employed as at 1 March of the
                    performance year, are granted up to $1,000 of fully paid Origin shares conditional on Board approval. The shares are granted for no
                    consideration. Shares awarded under the GESP are purchased on market, registered in the name of the employee, and are restricted for three
                    years, or until cessation of employment, whichever occurs first.
                    Under the MSP, all eligible employees may elect to purchase shares via a salary sacrifice arrangement, which commences on 1 October of the
                    performance year. The shares under this plan are allotted quarterly and are subject to a trading restriction for a set period (generally two years)
                    or until cessation of employment. The Company matches the purchased shares on a one-for-two basis with allocation of additional Matching
                    Rights (MRs) which vest at the same time as the restriction is lifted for the purchased shares. Vesting of MRs is conditional on the employee




For personal use only
                    remaining in continuous employment at that time. MRs are forfeited if the service conditions are not met.5
                    Details of the shares awarded under the GESP during the year are set out below. The cost per share represents the weighted average market
                    price of the Company's shares on the grant date.

                                                                                                                     Grant               Shares              Cost per             Total cost
                                                                                                                      date              granted                share                 $'000
                        2023                                                                                 29 Aug 2022                587,972                   $6.18               3,634
                                                                                  Total                                                587,972                                        3,634


                        2022                                                                                   6 Sep 2021               813,637                  $4.36                3,547
                                                                                  Total                                                813,637                                        3,547


                    Set out below is a summary of MRs outstanding at the beginning and end of the financial year.

                                                                                                                                                                                        MRs
                        Outstanding as at 1 July 2022                                                                                                                              398,900
                        Granted                                                                                                                                                     227,610
                        Exercised/released                                                                                                                                          293,321
                        Forfeited                                                                                                                                                     16,991
                        Outstanding as at 30 June 2023                                                                                                                              316,198
                        Exercisable as at 30 June 2023                                                                                                                                      -




                    5
                         The Employee Share Plan Rules and the offer terms of the MSP provide that MRs are forfeited on cessation of employment, except in ‘good leaver’ circumstances (such as
                         those ceasing employment due to death, disability, redundancy or genuine retirement) or otherwise determined by the Board.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                135




                    G4 Related party disclosures
                    The Group's interests in equity accounted entities and details of transactions with these entities are set out in notes B1 and B4.
                    Certain Directors of Origin Energy Limited are also directors of other companies that supply Origin Energy Limited with goods and services or
                    acquire goods or services from Origin Energy Limited. Those transactions are approved by management within delegated limits of authority,
                    and the Directors do not participate in the decisions to enter into such transactions. If the decision to enter into those transactions should
                    require approval of the Board, the Director concerned will not vote upon that decision nor take part in the consideration of it.

                    G5 Key management personnel

                                                                                                                                         2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                              $                   $


                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                                12,475,074           11,222,909




For personal use only
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                      332,703              306,469
                        Other long-term benefits                                                                                     1,646,936             385,726
                        Share-based payments                                                                                          5,181,356           5,554,712
                        Total                                                                                                      19,636,069            17,469,816


                    Loans and other transactions with key management personnel
                    There were no loans with key management personnel during the year.
                    Transactions entered into during the year with key management personnel are normal employee, customer or supplier relationships
                    and have terms and conditions that are no more favourable than dealings in the same circumstances on an arm’s length basis. These
                    transactions include:
                    •     the receipt of dividends from Origin Energy Limited or participation in the DRP;
                    •     participation in the ESP and Equity Incentive Plan;
                    •     terms and conditions of employment or directorship appointment;
                    •     reimbursement of expenses incurred in the normal course of employment;
                    •     sale of energy and energy services; and
                    •     purchases of goods and services.
                        136                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




                    G6 Notes to the statement of cash flows
                    Cash includes cash on hand, at bank and in short-term deposits, net of outstanding bank overdrafts. The following table reconciles profit to
                    net cash provided by operating activities.

                                                                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                                                                             $m              $m


                        Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                        1,058           (1,425)


                        Adjustments for non-cash ITDA
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                       527             449
                        Net financing costs                                                                                                  143             129




For personal use only
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                  420              551
                        Non-cash share of ITDA of equity accounted investees                                                               1,163           1,138
                        Adjustments for other non-cash items
                        Increase in fair value of derivatives                                                                              (348)          (1,220)
                        Decrease/(increase) in fair value of financial instruments                                                           182             (46)
                        Unrealised foreign exchange loss                                                                                     40             109
                        Net loss on divestment                                                                                                 -             113
                        Impairment of non-current assets                                                                                       -           2,196
                        Loss on sale of assets                                                                                               42                2
                        Write-off of PP&E                                                                                                     13               -
                        Gain on dilution of investment                                                                                         -             (44)
                        Impairment losses recognised - trade and other receivables                                                          148              65
                        Non-cash share of EBITDA of equity accounted investees                                                            (2,487)         (2,097)
                        Exploration expense                                                                                                  23              24
                        Share-based payment expense                                                                                          25              29
                        Changes in assets and liabilities:
                        – Receivables                                                                                                       745           (1,052)
                        – Inventories                                                                                                        (11)            (68)
                        – Payables                                                                                                        (1,492)          1,308
                        – Provisions                                                                                                       (325)              16
                        – Other                                                                                                              (16)           (90)
                        – Futures collateral                                                                                               (290)             471
                        Tax paid                                                                                                            (193)            (27)
                        Total adjustments                                                                                                 (1,691)          1,956
                        Net cash (used in)/from operating activities                                                                       (633)            531


                    Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities

                                                                                                  Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                                                                    Other financial
                                                                                        Current   Non-current             Lease           (assets)/
                        $m                                                           borrowings    borrowings         liabilities        liabilities        Total
                        Balance as at 1 July 2022                                          257          2,598              535                      12    3,402
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                             -          1,050                  -                     -     1,050
                        Repayment of borrowings/other liabilities                         (272)        (1,050)                 -                   57     (1,265)
                        Repayment of lease principal                                         -              -               (71)                     -       (71)
                        Changes to leases                                                    -              -                81                      -        81
                        Foreign exchange adjustments and other
                        non-cash movements                                                  20            110                  -               (38)          92
                        Reclassification                                                   123           (123)                 -                     -         -
                        Balance as at 30 June 2023                                         128         2,585               545                     31     3,289
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                      137




                    G7 Auditors' remuneration
                    During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its related practices and
                    non-related audit firms.

                                                                                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                                             $'000                $'000
                        Amounts received or due and receivable by the auditor of the Parent Company and any other entity in the
                        Group for:
                        Auditing the statutory financial report of the Parent Company covering the Group                                                    2,042                 2,225
                        Auditing the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities                                                                    215                    73
                        Auditing financial statements as required under the Scheme Implementation Deed                                                        1,191                     -
                        Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services under other legislation or




For personal use only
                        contractual arrangements                                                                                                                 15                    9
                        Sustainability assurance                                                                                                               241                  250
                        Fees for other services
                         Tax compliance1                                                                                                                      840                    879
                        Total                                                                                                                               4,544                 3,436


                        Amounts received or due and receivable by affiliates of the auditor of the Parent Company for:
                        Auditing the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities                                                                       -                   69
                        Total fees to overseas member firms of the Parent
                        Company auditor                                                                                                                           -                   69


                        Total remuneration to Parent Company auditor                                                                                        4,544                 3,505


                        Auditing of statutory financial reports of any controlled entities by other auditors                                                   264                  206
                        Total auditors' remuneration                                                                                                        4,808                  3,711

                    1 This amount relates to the Group's share of tax compliance work billed. An amount of $865,000 (2022: $879,000) was recharged to APLNG in respect of its share and is
                         excluded from this amount.
                        138                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                    G8 Master netting or similar agreements
                    The Group enters into derivative transactions under ISDA master netting agreements. In general, under such agreements the amounts owed
                    by each counterparty on a single day in respect of all transactions outstanding in the same currency are aggregated into a net amount payable
                    by one party to the other.
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset, and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position, where the Group has a legally
                    enforceable right to offset recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability
                    simultaneously. The Group has also entered into arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting, but still allow for the related amounts
                    to be offset in certain circumstances, such as a loan default or the termination of a contract.
                    The following table presents the recognised financial instruments that are offset, or subject to master netting arrangements but not offset, as at
                    the reporting date. The net amount column shows the impact on the Group's statement of financial position if all set-off rights were exercised.

                                                                                        Amount offset in                 Amount
                                                                                        the statement of       in the statement




For personal use only
                                                                                                financial            of financial   Related amount              Net
                                                                           Gross amount          position               position          not offset         amount
                                                                                    $m                $m                     $m                  $m             $m
                        2023
                        Derivative assets                                         4,109              (1,433)              2,676              (1,041)           1,635
                        Derivative liabilities                                   (3,508)              1,433              (2,075)              1,041           (1,034)


                        2022
                        Derivative assets                                         9,855             (3,606)               6,249             (2,070)            4,179
                        Derivative liabilities                                   (6,940)             3,606               (3,334)             2,070            (1,264)


                    G9 Deed of Cross Guarantee
                    The parent entity has entered into a Deed of Cross Guarantee through which the Group guarantees the debts of certain controlled entities in
                    the event that one of those entities is wound up. The controlled entities that are party to the Deed are shown in note F1.
                    The following consolidated statement of comprehensive income and retained profits, and statement of financial position, cover the Company
                    and its controlled entities that are party to the Deed of Cross Guarantee after eliminating all transactions between parties to the Deed.

                                                                                                                                             2023             2022
                        for the year ended 30 June                                                                                              $m               $m


                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income and retained profits
                        Revenue                                                                                                             16,230           14,299
                        Other income                                                                                                            27                19
                        Expenses                                                                                                            (16,155)         (13,520)
                        Share of results of equity accounted investees                                                                        1,185           1,046
                        Impairment                                                                                                              (67)          (2,196)
                        Net loss on divestment                                                                                                    -             (113)
                        Interest income                                                                                                          51              59
                        Interest expense                                                                                                       (197)            (198)
                        Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                                      1,074             (604)
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                    (434)             (615)
                        Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                             640            (1,219)
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                                                -                -
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                640            (1,219)


                        Retained earnings at the beginning of the year                                                                         436            2,007
                        Dividends paid                                                                                                        (568)            (352)
                        Retained earnings at the end of the year                                                                               508              436
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   139




                    G9 Deed of Cross Guarantee (continued)

                                                                                                                       2023      2022
                        as at 30 June                                                                                     $m       $m
                        Statement of financial position
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        322       481
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                    3,549     4,404
                        Inventories                                                                                      178       170
                        Derivatives                                                                                    1,038     2,901
                        Other financial assets                                                                          346       732
                        Assets classified as held for sale                                                                 4         -




For personal use only
                        Other assets                                                                                      117      87
                        Total current assets                                                                           5,554     8,775


                        Non-current assets
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                    2,078     1,909
                        Derivatives                                                                                    1,557     3,074
                        Other financial assets1                                                                          108       93
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                              5,479     5,832
                        PP&E                                                                                           3,036     3,052
                        Intangible assets                                                                              2,385     2,419
                        Other assets                                                                                      75        51
                        Total non-current assets                                                                      14,718    16,430
                        Total assets                                                                                  20,272    25,205


                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                       2,024     3,361
                        Payables to joint ventures                                                                       139       133
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                      64       87
                        Derivatives                                                                                     886      1,010
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                      385      688
                        Provision for income tax                                                                        454        59
                        Employee benefits                                                                                276      240
                        Provisions                                                                                       215      373
                        Liabilities classified as held for sale                                                            2         -
                        Total current liabilities                                                                     4,445      5,951


                        Non-current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                       3,771     3,856
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                    996        977
                        Derivatives                                                                                     1,143    1,740
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        390      1,394
                        Employee benefits                                                                                 50        37
                        Provisions                                                                                       565       814
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                  6,915     8,818
                        Total liabilities                                                                             11,360    14,769
                        Net assets                                                                                     8,912    10,436


                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                             6,901     6,877
                        Reserves                                                                                       1,503     3,123
                        Retained earnings                                                                               508       436
                        Total equity                                                                                   8,912    10,436

                    1 Includes investment in subsidiaries relating to entities outside the Deed of Cross Guarantee.
                        140                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                    G10 Parent entity disclosures
                    The following table sets out the results and financial position of the parent entity, Origin Energy Limited.

                                                                                                                                              2023               2022
                        Origin Energy Limited                                                                                                    $m                 $m


                        Profit                                                                                                                  717                505
                        Other comprehensive income, net of income tax                                                                            211                512
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                928                1,017


                        Financial position of the parent entity at year end
                        Current assets                                                                                                          576                743




For personal use only
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                   19,494              17,418
                        Total assets                                                                                                        20,070               18,161
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                   6,022              4,274
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                                                3,191              3,421
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                     9,213              7,695


                        Contributed equity                                                                                                    6,901              6,877
                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                                            243                236
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                    910                664
                        Hedge reserve                                                                                                           (32)                  3
                        Fair value reserve                                                                                                        4                   4
                        Retained earnings1                                                                                                    2,831              2,682
                        Total equity                                                                                                        10,857              10,466

                    1 Refer to note A7 for details of dividends provided for or paid of $568 million.


                    The parent entity has entered into a deed of indemnity for the cross-guarantee of liabilities of a number of controlled entities. Refer to note F1.

                    G11 Government grants and assistance
                    Government grants and assistance are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the associated conditions will be complied with
                    and the grants/assistance will be received. Government grants relating to expenses are recognised in profit or loss over the same period as
                    the relevant expense.
                    In December 2022 the NSW Government introduced a legislated domestic coal price cap. During the year the Group recognised
                    compensation of $223 million to relating to supply coal contracts that exceeded the price cap. Of this amount, $168 million has been
                    recognised in cost of sales in the consolidated income statement and $55 million has been recognised in inventory in the consolidated
                    statement of financial position. Cash of $184 million has been received and a receivable of $39 million has been accrued for compensation
                    recognised but not yet paid at 30 June 2023.

                    G12 Subsequent events
                    Other than the matters described below, no item, transaction or event of a material nature has arisen since 30 June 2023 that would
                    significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Group, in future financial periods.

                    Dividends
                    On 17 August 2023, the Directors determined a fully franked final dividend of 20 cents per share, on ordinary shares. The dividend will be paid
                    on 29 September 2023. The financial effect of this dividend has not been brought to account in the financial statements for the year ended
                    30 June 2023 and will be recognised in subsequent financial statements.

                    APLNG dividends
                    On 26 July 2023 the Group received unfranked dividends from APLNG of US$65 million (A$98 million).
                    On 15 August 2023 the directors of APLNG determined further unfranked dividends to be paid to shareholders. The Group expects to receive
                    US$115 million on 29 August 2023.
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                             141




                    Directors’ Declaration
                    1. In the opinion of the Directors of Origin Energy Limited (the Company):
                        a. the consolidated financial statements and notes are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
                           i. giving a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2023 and of its performance, for the year ended on
                              that date; and
                           ii. complying with Australian Accounting Standards (including the Australian Accounting Interpretations) and the Corporations
                               Regulations 2001 (Cth).
                        b. the consolidated financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in the Overview of the
                           consolidated financial statements; and
                        c. there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
                    2. There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the controlled entities identified in note F1 will be able to meet any
                       obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject to by virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee between the Company and




For personal use only
                       those controlled entities pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.
                    3. The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) from the Chief Executive
                       Officer and the Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2023.



                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                    Scott Perkins                    Frank Calabria
                    Chairman                         Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

                    Sydney, 17 August 2023           Sydney, 17 August 2023
                        142                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                    Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                  Ernst & Young                       Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                                  200 George Street                   Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                                  Sydney NSW 2000 Australia           ey.com/au
                                                                                  GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




For personal use only
                                    Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Origin Energy Limited

                                    Report on the Audit of the Financial Report
                                    Opinion
                                    We have audited the financial report of Origin Energy Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
                                    (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
                                    2023, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
                                    consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
                                    ended, notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the
                                    directors’ declaration.

                                    In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act
                                    2001, including:

                                    a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2023 and
                                          of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

                                    b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                    Basis for Opinion
                                    We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                                    standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section
                                    of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements
                                    of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                                    Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                                    Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
                                    fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                                    We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                                    opinion.

                                    Key Audit Matters
                                    Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
                                    audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                    of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate
                                    opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
                                    provided in that context.

                                    We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                                    report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the
                                    performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
                                    the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address
                                    the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial report.




                                    A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                              143




For personal use only
                                           Carrying Value of the Energy Markets Group of Cash Generating Units (CGUs)

                                            Why significant                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                            In accordance with the requirements of Australian            Our audit procedures included the following:
                                            Accounting Standards, the Group is required to test          •     Considered whether indicators of impairment or impairment
                                            all CGUs annually for impairment where goodwill is                 reversal were present for each of the three CGUs within the
                                            present. Where no goodwill is present, the Group                   Energy Markets Group of CGUs.
                                            must assess for indicators of impairment and
                                            impairment reversal each reporting period. The               •     Assessed whether the methodology applied by the Group in
                                            Group assesses the recoverable amount of each CGU                  testing the recoverable amount of each CGU met the
                                            using a discounted cash flow forecast to determine                 requirements of Australian Accounting Standards.
                                            value in use. No impairment loss or reversal of
                                                                                                         •     Assessed the basis for the determination of the Group’s
                                            impairment across any of the Energy Market CGUs
                                                                                                               CGUs based on our understanding of the nature of the
                                            was recognised during the year.
                                                                                                               Group’s business, the interdependence of cash flows, and
                                            The carrying value of the Energy Markets Group of                  the economic environment in which it operates.
                                            CGUs is significant at 30 June 2023. As disclosed in
                                            Note C7, assumptions used in the forecasting of cash         •     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the discounted cash
                                            flows require significant judgment. In particular the              flow models.
                                            forecasting of long-term energy and commodity price          •     Assessed the cash flow forecasts with reference to
                                            assumptions is subjective and complex in nature.
                                                                                                               historical budgeting accuracy and current trading
                                            As a result of the significance of the carrying value              performance, historical growth rates, historical operating
                                            and inherent judgment and complexity in the cash                   results, market data and forecasts, ratio analysis, and
                                            flow forecasts we considered the recoverability of the             discussions with management and senior executives.
                                            carrying value of the Energy Markets group of CGUs
                                            and the related disclosures in the financial report to       •     Where long term supply or sales contracts are in place,
                                            be significant to our audit.                                       agreed the forecast revenue and costs to the contract
                                                                                                               terms and rates.
                                                                                                         •     For the Generation CGU within the Energy Markets Group of
                                                                                                               CGUs, compared the useful lives of assets assumed in the
                                                                                                               impairment model to the Australian Energy Market
                                                                                                               Operator (“AEMO”) closure dates.
                                                                                                         •     Involved our energy market modelling specialists to assess
                                                                                                               the conclusions reached by the Group’s internal specialists
                                                                                                               in respect of forecast energy prices, forecast generation
                                                                                                               volumes, forecast capacity prices and marginal loss factors.

                                                                                                         •     Involved our valuation specialists to:
                                                                                                                   o   Assess the discount rates and terminal growth rates
                                                                                                                       with reference to publicly available information on
                                                                                                                       comparable companies in the industry and markets
                                                                                                                       in which the Group operates; and
                                                                                                                   o   Perform sensitivity analyses and evaluate the
                                                                                                                       impact of reasonably possible changes in
                                                                                                                       assumptions on the recoverable amount.
                                                                                                         •     Cross checked the Group’s net assets to other available
                                                                                                               information including market capitalisation and the Binding
                                                                                                               Scheme Implementation Deed signed on 27 March 2023.
                                                                                                         •     Considered the potential impacts of climate risk on the
                                                                                                               recoverable amount by analysing the forecast energy price
                                                                                                               assumptions applied by management, asset useful lives and
                                                                                                               the possible changes to commodity prices resulting from
                                                                                                               the transition to a low carbon future.
                                                                                                         •     Evaluated the adequacy of the related disclosure in the
                                                                                                               financial report.




                                           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        144                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




For personal use only
                              Carrying Value of APLNG Equity Accounted Investment

                               Why significant                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                               At 30 June 2023, the Group’s equity accounted                In fulfilling our responsibilities as Group auditor, we considered
                               investment in Australia Pacific LNG Pty Limited
                                                                                            the work performed by the EY Component Auditor responsible for
                               (APLNG) had a carrying value of $5,469 million. No
                                                                                            auditing APLNG, which includes auditing the carrying value of
                               impairment or impairment reversal was recorded.
                                                                                            APLNG’s assets at the Joint Venture level. These oversight
                                                                                            procedures included:
                               As disclosed in Note B2.2, the carrying amount of the
                               Group's equity accounted investment in APLNG is              •     Sending instructions to the EY Component Auditor detailing
                               reviewed at each reporting date to determine                       the scope to be covered for the purposes of our audit of the
                               whether there is any indicators of impairment or                   Group. This included the risk associated with impairment or
                               impairment reversal. Where an indicator of                         impairment reversal.
                               impairment or impairment reversal exists, a formal
                               estimate of the recoverable amount is made.                  •     The Component Auditor confirmed compliance with the
                                                                                                  instructions provided and reported the results of their
                               Oil price is a significant assumption used in this                 procedures to us.
                               assessment and is inherently subjective. Changes in          •     To ensure sufficient oversight, we, as the Group audit team:
                               this assumption can lead to significant changes in the
                               recoverable amount.                                                    o   Held frequent meetings with the Component Auditor
                                                                                                          to discuss the outcome and extent of their
                               Due to the significance of this investment relative to                     procedures.
                               total assets and the inherent complexity in                            o   Reviewed underlying working papers and
                               forecasting commodity prices and future market                             documentation of the Component Auditor for
                               outlooks, we considered the carrying value of this                         selected areas of audit focus.
                               investment to be a key audit matter.
                                                                                            In addition, we undertook the following additional procedures with
                                                                                            the assistance of our valuations specialists:

                                                                                            •     Considered whether information existed that was contrary
                                                                                                  to the EY Component auditor’s conclusion in respect of the
                                                                                                  existence of impairment or impairment reversal for APLNG
                                                                                                  at 30 June 2023 and may represent objective evidence of a
                                                                                                  significant or prolonged change in value of the investment,
                                                                                                  including:
                                                                                                      o   Considered changes to market conditions during the
                                                                                                          period including changes and volatility in key macro-
                                                                                                          economic assumptions such as oil price and gas
                                                                                                          price with reference to broker and analyst data and
                                                                                                          publicly available peer company information.
                                                                                                      o   Evaluated possible changes to the APLNG discount
                                                                                                          rate with reference to external market data
                                                                                                          including government bond rates and comparable
                                                                                                          company data.
                                                                                                      o   Considered the impact of climate risk on the asset
                                                                                                          life and key macro-economic assumptions.
                                                                                                      o   Undertook sensitivity analysis for reasonably
                                                                                                          possible changes in key assumptions which included
                                                                                                          price sensitivity analysis using scenarios developed
                                                                                                          by the International Energy Agency.
                                                                                            •     Considered available market information including trading
                                                                                                  and reserve multiples as a cross check of the carrying value
                                                                                                  of the Group’s equity accounted investment.
                                                                                            •     Assessed the climate related disclosures in respect of
                                                                                                  APLNG for accuracy and consistency with other publicly
                                                                                                  disclosed information.




                              A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                    145




For personal use only
                                           Unbilled Revenue

                                            Why significant                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                            At 30 June 2023, the Group recognised unbilled
                                                                                                         Our audit procedures included the following:
                                            revenue net of an allowance for impairment of
                                            $1,457 million as disclosed in Note A2 and C1.               •     Assessed whether the methodology used to recognise
                                                                                                               unbilled revenue met the requirements of Australian
                                            Unbilled revenue represents the value of energy                    Accounting Standards.
                                            supplied to customers between the date of the last
                                            meter read and the reporting date where no bill has          •     Assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s controls
                                            been issued to the customer at the end of the                      governing energy purchased, energy sold and the customer
                                            reporting period.                                                  pricing process.
                                                                                                         •     Evaluated the unbilled revenue calculation as follows:
                                            The estimation of unbilled revenue is considered a
                                            key audit matter due to the complex estimation                         o         With the assistance of our data analytics
                                            process and significant audit effort required to                                 specialists, assessed the calculation methodology
                                            address the estimation uncertainty. Key factors that                             of the unbilled revenue model.
                                            require consideration impacting the complex                            o         Compared inputs used in the calculation to
                                            estimation process include:                                                      supporting data such as historical temperature
                                                                                                                             data, volume data provided by the Australian
                                            •      Estimation of customer demand and energy                                  Energy Market Operator (AEMO) and solar-feed-in
                                                   consumption, which is impacted by weather, an                             data.
                                                   individual customer’s circumstances and                         o         Tested the reasonableness of the Group’s
                                                   market volatility.                                                        allocation of energy consumed to residential and
                                            •      Application of different customer rates across                            small and medium enterprises (“SME”) with
                                                   different regulated and unregulated markets.                              reference to historical billing data.

                                            The Group’s disclosures in respect of the unbilled                     o         Compared the prices applied to unbilled customer
                                            revenue estimation process are included in Notes A2                              consumption with historical and current billing
                                            and C1 of the financial report.                                                  data.
                                                                                                                   o         Reviewed the Group’s reconciliation of volumes
                                                                                                                             acquired from AEMO against volumes sold and
                                                                                                                             volumes purchased as used by the Group in their
                                                                                                                             analysis.
                                                                                                                   o         Compared the historical accuracy of the unbilled
                                                                                                                             revenue accrual by comparing the historical
                                                                                                                             accrual to final billing data and performing a trend
                                                                                                                             analysis of the accrual year on year.
                                                                                                                   o         Tested the accuracy of the unbilled revenue
                                                                                                                             accrual for business customers by comparing the
                                                                                                                             unbilled revenue accrual to subsequent invoices.
                                                                                                         •     Evaluated the adequacy of the related disclosures in the
                                                                                                               financial report including those made with respect to
                                                                                                               judgements and estimates


                                           Information Other than the Financial Report and Auditor’s Report Thereon
                                           The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                                           included in the Company’s 2023 annual report, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s
                                           report thereon.

                                           Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
                                           any form of assurance conclusion thereon.




                                           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        146                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




For personal use only
                              In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
                              in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or
                              our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                              If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
                              information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                              Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
                              The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
                              and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for
                              such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
                              report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                              error.

                              In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
                              as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the going
                              concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                              operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                              Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                              Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                              from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
                              our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                              conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement
                              when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
                              the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                              the basis of this financial report.

                              As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                              judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                              ►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or
                                    error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
                                    is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
                                    misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
                                    collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                              ►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                                    that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                    effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                              ►     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                              ►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                                    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                                    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
                                    conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
                                    to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
                                    opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s


                              A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                    Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                               147




For personal use only
                                                 report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
                                                 concern.

                                           ►     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                                 disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a
                                                 manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                           ►     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                                                 business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible
                                                 for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for
                                                 our audit opinion.

                                           We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
                                           audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
                                           during our audit.

                                           We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                                           regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                                           reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
                                           threats or safeguards applied.

                                           From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                                           significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters.
                                           We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
                                           about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
                                           communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
                                           to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                                           Report on the Audit of the Remuneration Report
                                           Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                                           We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June
                                           2023. In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Origin Energy Limited for the year ended 30 June 2023,
                                           complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                           Responsibilities
                                           The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                                           Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
                                           opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
                                           Standards.



                                           Ernst & Young



                                           Andrew Price
                                           Partner
                                           17 August 2023

                                           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        148                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                    Share and Shareholder
                    Information

                    The information set out below was applicable as at 28 July 2023.

                    Corporate Governance Statement
                    The Company’s Corporate Governance Statement can be found on its website at originenergy.com.au/governance

                    Substantial shareholders
                    As at 28 July 2023, the Company received notice of three substantial holders:




For personal use only
                        Shareholder                                                           Date notice                 Number of                      Percentage of
                                                                                                received             shares in notice                  capital in notice
                        AustralianSuper Pty Ltd                                                1 July 2022               218,137,581                            12.66%
                        State Street Corporation                                             26 July 2023               90,806,575                               5.27%
                        Vanguard Group                                                       28 April 2022               88,061,736                         5.00007%


                    Number of equity securities holders and voting rights
                    As at 28 July 2023 there were:
                    •     122,057 holders of 1,722,747,671 ordinary shares in the Company;
                    •     67 holders of 3,389,594 Performance Share Rights, 68 holders of 3,429,303 Restricted Share Rights; and
                    •     754 holders of 314,212 Matching Share Rights.
                    Only ordinary shares of the Company are quoted. Only holders of ordinary shares are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of members.

                    Voting rights of members
                    At a meeting of members, each member who is entitled to attend and vote may attend and vote in person or by proxy, attorney or
                    representative. On a show of hands, every person present who is a member, proxy, attorney or representative, shall have one vote; and on a
                    poll, every member who is present in person or by proxy, attorney or representative shall have one vote for each fully paid ordinary share held.
                    No other equity securities hold voting rights.

                    Analysis of holdings
                    Fully paid ordinary shares

                                                                                          Holdings Ranges            Holders           Total shares                   %
                                                                                                   1-1,000            55,271           22,838,329                  1.33
                                                                                              1,001-5,000             48,411           116,461,183                6.76
                                                                                             5,001-10,000              11,168          79,470,126                  4.61
                                                                                          10,001-100,000               7,022       145,664,031                    8.46
                                                                                   100,001-9,999,999,999                 185     1,358,314,002                   78.85
                                                                                                    Totals          122,057      1,722,747,671                 100.00


                    Performance share rights

                                                                                          Holdings Ranges            Holders            Total rights                  %
                                                                                                   1-1,000                 0                     0                0.00
                                                                                              1,001-5,000                  0                     0                0.00
                                                                                             5,001-10,000                  8                49,277                 1.45
                                                                                          10,001-100,000                  50             1,385,398               40.87
                                                                                     100,001-999,999,999                   9             1,954,919               57.67
                                                                                                    Totals                67            3,389,594              100.00
                    Share and Shareholder Information
                                                                                                                                                               149




                    Restricted Share rights

                                                                                         Holdings Ranges         Holders          Total rights                   %
                                                                                                  1-1,000              0                   0                 0.00
                                                                                              1,001-5,000              0                   0                 0.00
                                                                                            5,001-10,000               8             49,290                   1.44
                                                                                          10,001-100,000              51           1,425,093                 41.56
                                                                                    100,001-999,999,999                9           1,954,920                 57.01
                                                                                                    Totals           68           3,429,303               100.00


                    Matching Share Plan matched rights




For personal use only
                                                                                         Holdings Ranges         Holders          Total rights                   %
                                                                                                  1-1,000           754              314,212               100.00
                                                                                              1,001-5,000              0                   0                 0.00
                                                                                            5,001-10,000               0                   0                 0.00
                                                                                          10,001-100,000               0                   0                 0.00
                                                                                    100,001-999,999,999                0                   0                 0.00
                                                                                                    Totals          754              314,212              100.00


                    Unmarketable parcels
                    5,186 shareholders held less than a marketable parcel as at 28 July 2023.

                    Top 20 holdings

                        Shareholder                                                                                Number of shares              % of Issued shares
                        J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                      487,100,495                         28.27%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                     369,200,260                          21.43%
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                  268,916,440                          15.61%
                        NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                          55,739,027                       3.24%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                     39,208,976                       2.28%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                               20,520,820                           1.19%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                              11,777,916                      0.68%
                        ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                            11,351,603                      0.66%
                        CERTANE CT PTY LTD <ORIGIN ENERGY ESP ALLOC A/C>                                                    7,581,804                       0.44%
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                        6,290,150                       0.37%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                           5,376,953                       0.31%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <EUROCLEAR BANK SA NV A/C>                                4,815,960                       0.28%
                        NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                  4,690,470                        0.27%
                        NEWECONOMY COM AU NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <900 ACCOUNT>                                                4,261,887                       0.25%
                        UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                 2,557,611                      0.15%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                               2,524,548                       0.15%
                        ECAPITAL NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <ACCUMULATION A/C>                                                    2,521,388                       0.15%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <GSCO CUSTOMERS A/C>                                      2,488,556                       0.14%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <GLOBAL MARKETS DRP>                                                      2,406,389                        0.14%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                     2,341,140                       0.14%


                    Securities exchange listing
                    Origin shares are traded on the Australian Securities Exchange Limited (ASX). The symbol under which Origin shares are traded is ‘ORG’.

                    Escrowed securities
                    There are no securities subject to voluntary escrow as at the date of this Report.

                    On-market buy-back
                    There is no current on-market buy-back of Origin shares.
                        150                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                    On-market purchases for employee equity plans
                    During the reporting period, 500,000 Origin shares were purchased on-market for the purpose of Origin’s employee incentive plans. The
                    average price per share purchased was $8.46.

                    Shareholder enquiries
                    For information about your shareholding, to notify a change of address, to make changes to your dividend payment instructions or for
                    any other shareholder enquiries, you should contact Origin Energy’s share registry, Boardroom Pty Ltd on 1300 664 446. Please note that
                    broker-sponsored holders are required to contact their broker to amend their address.
                    When contacting the share registry, shareholders should quote their security holder reference number, which can be found on the holding
                    or dividend statements.
                    Shareholders with internet access can update and obtain information regarding their shareholding online at www.originenergy. com.au/
                    about/investors-media




For personal use only
                    Tax File Number
                    For resident shareholders who have not provided the share registry with their Tax File Number (TFN) or exemption category details, tax at the
                    top marginal tax rate (plus Medicare levy) will be deducted from dividends to the extent they are not fully franked. For those
                    shareholders who have not provided their TFN or exemption category details, forms are available from the share registry. Shareholders are not
                    obliged to provide this information if they do not wish to do so.

                    Information on Origin
                    The main source of information for shareholders is the Annual Report. The Annual Report will be provided to shareholders on request and
                    free of charge. Shareholders not wishing to receive the Annual Report should advise the share registry in writing so that their names can be
                    removed from the mailing list. Origin’s website (www.originenergy.com.au) is another source of information for shareholders.
                                                                                                           Exploration and Production Permits and Data
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          151




                                                                                                           Exploration and
                                                                                                           Production Permits
                                                                                                           and Data

                                                                                                                                                                  (
                                                                                                                                                                  !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1 Surat-Bowen Basins                                                                       Coral
                                                                                                                                                                    DARWIN                                                                                (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          !       EMERALD
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Sea
                                                                                                                                                   3                                                                                                                                                                               (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   !    GLADSTONE




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                         NT

                                                                                                                                                                                                         QLD                                 Gladstone                                                                                                       BUNDABERG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              !

                                                                                                                                   WA
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2                 BRISBANE !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (



                                                                                                                      PERTH                                                     SA
                                                                                                                     (
                                                                                                                     !                                                                                           NSW
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 SYDNEY
                                                                                                                                                                                          (
                                                                                                                                                                                          !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Queensland
                                                                                                                                                                             ADELAIDE                 VIC                                                          ROMA
                                                                                                                                                                                                             (
                                                                                                                                                                                                             !                                                                                                                                                    Sunshine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Coast
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 !

                                                                                                                                                                                              MELBOURNE

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TAS                                                                                                                   DALBY




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ²
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       !
                                                                                                                Origin/APLNG (Operated and Non-Operated Permits)



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ²
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   !

                                                                                                                                                                                                         HOBART                                                                                                                                                Brisbane
                                                                                                                      Origin Interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    !
                                                                                                                      APLNG Interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TOOWOOMBA
                                                                                                                      Pipelines (APLNG Interest)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0     150 300       600
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0 15 30        60                                                                                 Gold Coast
                                                                                                                      Other Pipeline (Not APLNG/Origin)                                                                                Kilometres
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Kilometres




                                                                                                                2 Cooper-Eromanga Basins                                                                                                                          3 Browse Basin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Canning Basin




              G:\Request_Item\RITM_380001_to_400000\RITM_396593\RevA\RITM_396593_circle_symbols_RevA.mxd
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               BLACKALL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Indian
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Adele Island
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Oc e a n




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ²
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Cape Leveque

                                                                                                                                                         Queensland                                                                                                                                                                                     DERBY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0           20      40           80

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Kilometres


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           BROOME
                                                                                                                                                                                 (
                                                                                                                                                                                 !
                                                                                                                                                                                     QUILPIE




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ²
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   25   50

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Kilometres
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Western Australia



                                                                                                            Origin Energy Ltd gives no warranty in relation to the data (including accuracy, reliability, completeness or suitability) and accepts no liability for any loss, damage or costs (including consequential damage) relating to any use of the data in this map. © Origin Energy 2023
                        152                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                    1 Origin's Australian interests
                    Origin held interests in the following permits at 30 June 2023.


                        Basin/Project Area           Interest        Basin/Project Area          Interest        Basin/Project Area          Interest



                        Queensland                                   Queensland (continued)                      Queensland (continued)

                        Surat-Bowen basins                           Gladstone LNG                               Cooper-Eromanga basins
                        Angry Jungle                                 PFL 20                    27.50%        1   ATPs 736, 737, 738, 2025    75.00%      *
                                                                     PPLs 162 and 163          27.50%       *1   and 2026
                        ATP 631; PLs 281 and 282     4.9765375% 1
                                                                                                                 PL 1099                     100.00%     *




For personal use only
                        Carinya and Ramyard                          Ironbark                                    Boree North
                        ATP 972; PL 469, 470         25.50%     *1   ATP 788; PL(A) 1106       6.88%        *1   EPM 27973                   100.00%      *
                        and 471                                      (Deeps)                                     Carbon Storage
                        ATP 973                      27.5%      *1   ATP 788; PL(A) 1106       27.50%       *1   EPQ (A)s 16 and 17          100.00%     *
                                                                     (Shallows)
                        Combabula/Reedy Creek/Peat and
                        Taroom East                                  Kenya/Kenya East/Bellevue and Anya          Western Australia

                        ATP 2047                     13.75%      1   PL 247                    8.078125%     1   Browse Basin
                        ATP 606; PLs 297, 403,       25.50%     *1   PFL 19                    8.59375%      1   TR/7, TR/8, WA-90-R,        40.00%
                        404, 405, 406, 407, 408,                     PL 1025                   8.59375%      1   WA-91-R, WA-92-R
                        412 and 413; PL(A) 444
                                                                     PLs 257, 273, 274, 275,   8.59375%      1
                        PL 101                       27.5%      *1   278, 279, 442, 466, 474                     Canning Basin
                        PPL 178                      27.5%      *1   and 503 (Shallows)                          EP 129, 391, 428, 431       50.00%
                                                                     PLs 179, 180, 228, 229    11.171875%    1   and 436
                        Condabri                                     and 263                                     EP 457 & EP 458             40.00%
                        PLs 265, 266, 267, 1011      27.50%     *1   PPLs 107, 176, 2014       11.171875%    1
                        and 1018                                     and 2063
                                                                                                                 South Australia
                        PPLs 177, 185, 186, 2000     27.50%     *1
                        and 2059                                     Membrance and Lonesome                      Geothermal
                                                                     ATP 804                   8.057017%     1   GRL 3                       30.00%
                        Denison Trough                               PLs 219 and 220           27.50%       *1
                        ATP 1191; PLs 1082 and    13.75%         1                                               Notes:
                        1083 (Mahalo block deeps)                    Spring Gully                                * Operatorship
                        ATP 1191; PLs 450, 451,      13.75%      1   ATP 592; PLs 195, 268, 414, 25.99%     *1   1 Interest held through 27.5 per cent
                        457, 1012; PL(A) 1062                        415, 416, 417, 418 and 419                  ownership of Australian Pacific LNG
                        PLs 43, 44, 45, 183 (PLA     13.75%     *1   PL 200                    26.32%       *1
                                                                                                                 Joint Venture
                        1116) and 218 (Deeps)
                                                                     PL 204                    27.42%       *1
                                                                     PPL 143, 180 and 2026     27.50%       *1
                        Fairview and Arcadia
                        ATPs 745; PLs 420, 421       6.558623% 1
                                                                     Talinga/Orana/Murrungama
                        and 440
                                                                     PLs 215, 216, 225, 226, 272 27.50%     *1
                        PL 1059                      6.55875%    1
                                                                     and 1084
                        ATPs 2012; 90, 91, 92, 99,   6.580664% 1
                                                                     PFL 26                    27.50%       *1
                        100, 232, 233, 234, 235,
                        236 and 1017                                 PPLs 171, 181 and 2032    27.50%       *1
                    Annual Reserves Report
                                                                                                                                                              153




                    Annual
                    Reserves Report
                    For the year ended 30 June 2023



                    1 Reserves and resources
                    This Annual Reserves Report provides an update on the reserves and resources of Origin Energy Limited (Origin) and its share of Australia
                    Pacific LNG Pty Limited (APLNG), as at 30 June 2023.


                    1.1 Highlights
                    APLNG (Origin 27.5 per cent share)
                    •     Reserves base largely stable before production with an overall 26 per cent 2P (proved plus probable) reserves replacement in operated and




For personal use only
                          non-operated areas during FY2023. A detailed breakdown of movements in Origin’s share of APLNG 2P reserves is as follows:
                          – (12) PJ minor downward revision of operated 2P reserves before production;
                          – 60 PJ (13 per cent) increase in non-operated 2P reserves before production; and
                          – 185 PJ of production.
                    •     Reserves replacement of 81 per cent has been achieved in operated fields over the last six years, primarily driven by increased recovery
                          estimated for producing field supported by strong performance in producing fields, along with maturation of contingent areas through
                          appraisal activities as well as acquisitions.
                    •     Developed 2P reserves accounted for 61 per cent of total 2P reserves as at 30 June 2023.
                    •     Origin’s share of 1P (proved) reserves increased 5 per cent or 102 PJ before production due to strong performance in producing fields. 1P
                          reserves represent 58.1 per cent of total 3P (proved plus probable plus possible) reserves as at 30 June 2023.


                    1.2 2P reserves (Origin share)
                    2P reserves increased by 48 PJ or 2 per cent before production and decreased by 137 PJ after production to a total of 3,011 PJ, compared to
                    30 June 2022.

                    Origin 2P reserves by area
                                                                          2P      Acquisition/   New booking/         Revisions/                              2P
                        (PJ)                                    30 June 2022       divestment       discovery         extensions      Production    30 June 2023
                        Operated Assets                                2,673                 -                -             (12)            (147)           2,514
                        – Asset East                                    1,097                -                -              (7)             (76)           1,014
                        – Asset West                                    1,576                -                -              (5)             (71)           1,500


                        Non-Operated Assets                              475                 -                -              60              (38)            497
                        Total 2P                                        3,148                -                -              48             (185)           3,011


                    •     Summary of 2P reserves movement - key changes include:
                          – 185 PJ decrease due to production;
                          – (12) PJ various minor adjustments leading to an overall small negative revision across operated areas;
                          – 60 PJ increase in non-operated areas driven by increased recovery estimates in the Kenya field reflecting strong field performance.
                    •     As at 30 June 2023, developed 2P reserves represented 61 per cent of total 2P reserves.
                    •     As at 30 June 2023, 100 per cent of Origin’s share of 2P reserves are unconventional gas located in the Surat and Bowen Basins.

                    Origin 2P reserves by development type
                                                                                                        Total 2P                                          Total 2P
                        (PJ)                                        Developed     Undeveloped     30 June 2022        Developed      Undeveloped    30 June 2023
                        Operated Assets                                  1,637           1,036            2,673            1,537             978            2,514
                        – Asset East                                      793              304            1,097             750              265            1,014
                        – Asset West                                      844              732            1,576             787              713            1,500


                        Non-Operated Assets                               267              208              475             303              194             497
                        Total 2P                                        1,903            1,245            3,148            1,839            1,172           3,011
                        154                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                    1.3 1P reserves (Origin share)
                    1P reserves increased by 102 PJ or 5 per cent before production and decreased by 84 PJ after production to 1,914 PJ, compared to
                    30 June 2022.
                    As at 30 June 2023, developed 1P reserves represented 91 per cent of total 1P reserves. The remaining 9 per cent of 1P reserves represents
                    wells that have been spudded but not connected or planned wells that are immediately adjacent to drilled wells. 100 per cent of 1P reserves
                    are unconventional gas located in the Surat and Bowen Basins.

                    Origin 1P reserves by area
                                                                       1P        Acquisition/   New booking/      Revisions/                               1P
                        (PJ)                                 30 June 2022         divestment       discovery      extensions      Production     30 June 2023
                        Operated Assets                             1,624                  -               -             64             (147)           1,542
                        – Asset East                                  791                  -               -              15             (76)             731




For personal use only
                        – Asset West                                  833                  -               -             49               (71)            811


                        Non-Operated Assets                           373                  -               -             37              (38)            372
                        Total 1P                                    1,998                  -               -            102             (185)           1,914


                    Origin 1P reserves by development type
                                                                                                     Total 1P                                         Total 1P
                        (PJ)                                    Developed     Undeveloped       30 June 2022      Developed     Undeveloped      30 June 2023
                        Operated Assets                             1,557                68           1,624           1,477               65            1,542
                        – Asset East                                  765                26             791              721              10              731
                        – Asset West                                  792                42             833             756               55              811


                        Non-Operated Assets                           260                113            373             267              105             372
                        Total 1P                                     1,817               181          1,998           1,744              170            1,914


                    1.4 2C contingent resources for Origin Energy
                    Beetaloo Basin
                    As at 30 June 2023, Origin Energy no longer has any interest in the Beetaloo Basin permits and hence doesn't carry any Contingent Resources
                    in the Beetaloo Basin. Origin does maintain an override royalty over the permits. Refer to ASX Announcement, dated 9 November 2022.
                    Origin completes sale of Beetaloo interest - Origin Energy
                    Annual Reserves Report
                                                                                                                                                             155




                    Appendix A: APLNG reserves and resources
                    Origin, as APLNG upstream operator, has prepared estimates of the reserves and resources held by APLNG for operated assets detailed in
                    this report.
                    Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI) has prepared a consolidated report of the reserves and resources held by APLNG for
                    non-operated assets. The reserves and resources estimates for the non-operated properties in their report have been independently estimated
                    by NSAI.
                    The tables below provide 1P, 2P and 3P reserves and 2C resources for APLNG (100 per cent) and Origin’s 27.5 per cent interest in these APLNG
                    (operated and non-operated) reserves and resources.

                    Reserves and resources held by APLNG (100 per cent share)
                                                                                 Acquisition/ New booking/          Revisions/




For personal use only
                        Reserves/resource classification          30 June 2022    divestment     discovery          extensions     Production       30 June 2023
                        1P (proven)                                     7,265              -                -            370             (674)            6,961
                        2P (proven plus probable)                       11,448             -                -             175            (674)           10,949
                        3P (proven plus probable plus possible)        12,408              -                -            256             (674)            11,991
                        2C (best estimate contingent resource)          3,683              -                -             46                -             3,729


                    Reserves and resources held by Origin (27.5 per cent in APLNG)
                                                                                  Acquisition/     New booking/      Revisions/
                        Reserves/resource classification          30 June 2022     divestment         discovery      extensions     Production      30 June 2023
                        1P (proven)                                      1,998                 -                -          102            (185)            1,914
                        2P (proven plus probable)                        3,148                 -                -           48            (185)            3,011
                        3P (proven plus probable plus possible)          3,412                 -                -           70            (185)           3,297
                        2C (best estimate contingent resource)           1,013                 -                -           13                  -         1,025


                    See details above for movements in 1P and 2P reserves.
                    The 256 PJ increase in APLNG (100 per cent share) 3P reserves, excluding production is primarily due to improved recovery estimates in
                    the non-operated Kenya field due to strong field performance. Various other adjustments to other operated and non-operated field recovery
                    estimates have a minor impact on the overall 3P reserves position.
                        156                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                                                                                 for downstream transport and processing.                   e. Rounding
                    Appendix B: Notes                                            This price is exposed to changes in the
                                                                                                                                            Information on reserves is quoted in this
                    relating to this report                                      supply/demand balance in the market
                                                                                                                                            report rounded to the nearest whole
                                                                                 through oil price-linked LNG contracts.
                                                                                                                                            number. Some totals in tables in this report
                    a. Methodology regarding reserves                            c. Reversionary rights                                     may not add due to rounding. Items that
                       and resources
                                                                                 The CSG interests that APLNG acquired                      round to zero are represented by the
                    The Reserves Report has been prepared                        from Tri-Star in 2002 are subject to                       number 0, while items that are actually zero
                    to be consistent with the Petroleum                          reversionary rights. If triggered, these                   are represented with a dash "-".
                    Resources Management System (PRMS)                           rights will require APLNG to transfer                      f. Abbreviations
                    2018 published by the Society of                             back to Tri-Star a 45 per cent interest
                    Petroleum Engineers (SPE). This document                     in those CSG interests for no additional
                                                                                                                                             bbl       barrel
                    may be downloaded from the SPE                               consideration. Origin has assessed the
                    website: https://www.spe.org/en/industry/                    potential impact of these reversionary                      Tscf      trillion standard cubic feet
                    reserves/. Additionally, this Reserves Report                rights, based on economic tests consistent                  CSG       coal seam gas




For personal use only
                    has been prepared to be consistent with                      with the reserves and resources referable                   kbbls     kilo barrels = 1,000 barrels
                    the ASX reporting guidelines. For all assets,                to the CSG interests, and based on                          ktonnes   kilo tonnes = 1,000 tonnes
                    Origin reports reserves and resources                        that assessment does not consider that
                    consistent with SPE guidelines as follows:                                                                               mmboe     million barrels of oil equivalent
                                                                                 the existence of these reversionary rights
                    proved reserves (1P); proved plus probable                   impacts the reserves and resources quoted                   PJ        petajoule = 1 x 1015 joules
                    reserves (2P); proved plus probable plus                     in this report. Tri-Star has commenced                      PJe       petajoule equivalent
                    possible reserves (3P) and best estimate                     proceedings against APLNG claiming that
                    contingent resource (2C). Reserves must                      reversion has occurred. APLNG denies that                  g. Conversion factors for PJe
                    be discovered, recoverable, commercial                       reversion has occurred and is defending
                    and remaining.                                               the claim.1                                                 CSG          1.038 PJ/Bscf
                    The CSG reserves and resources held                          d. Information regarding the preparation
                    within APLNG’s properties have either                           of this Reserves Report                                 h. Reference point
                    been independently prepared by NSAI
                                                                                 The CSG reserves and resources held                        Reference points for Origin’s petroleum
                    or prepared by Origin. The reserves and
                                                                                 within APLNG’s properties have either                      reserves and contingent resources are
                    resources estimates contained in this report
                                                                                 been independently prepared by NSAI or                     defined points within Origin’s operations
                    have been prepared in accordance with
                                                                                 by Origin. All assessments are based on                    where normal exploration and production
                    the standards, definitions and guidelines
                                                                                 technical, commercial and operational data                 business ceases, and quantities of the
                    contained within the PRMS and generally
                                                                                 provided by Origin on behalf of APLNG.                     produced product are measured under
                    accepted petroleum engineering and
                    evaluation principles as set out in the SPE                  The statements in this Report relating to                  defined conditions prior to custody transfer.
                    Reserves Auditing Standards.                                 reserves and resources as at 30 June                       Fuel, flare and vent consumed to the
                                                                                 2023 for APLNG’s interests in non-operated                 reference points are excluded.
                    Origin does not intend to report prospective
                                                                                 assets are based on information in the NSAI                i. Preparing and aggregating
                    or undiscovered resources as defined by
                                                                                 report dated 3 August 2023. The data has                      petroleum resources
                    the SPE in any of its areas of interest on an
                                                                                 been compiled by Mr John Hattner, a full-
                    ongoing basis.                                                                                                          Petroleum reserves and contingent
                                                                                 time employee of NSAI. Mr Hattner has
                    b. Economic test for reserves                                                                                           resources are typically prepared by
                                                                                 consented to the statements based on this
                                                                                                                                            deterministic methods with support from
                    The assessment of reserves requires a                        information, and to the form and context in
                                                                                                                                            probabilistic methods. Petroleum reserves
                    commercial test to establish that reserves                   which these statements appear.
                                                                                                                                            and contingent resources are aggregated
                    can be economically recovered. Within                        The statements in this Report relating to                  by arithmetic summation by category and
                    the commercial test, operating cost and                      reserves and resources for other assets are                as a result, proved reserves may be a
                    capital cost estimates are combined with                     based on, and fairly represent, information                conservative estimate due to the portfolio
                    fiscal regimes and product pricing to                        and supporting documentation prepared                      effects of the arithmetic summation. Proved
                    confirm the economic viability of producing                  by, or under the supervision of qualified                  plus probable plus possible may be an
                    the reserves.                                                petroleum reserves and resource evaluators                 optimistic estimate due to the same
                    Gas reserves are assessed against existing                   who are employees of Origin.                               aforementioned reasons.
                    contractual arrangements and local market                    This Reserves Statement as a whole has                     j. Methodology and internal controls
                    conditions, as appropriate. In the case                      been approved by Mr Alistair Jones CPEng
                    of gas reserves where contracts are not                                                                                 The reserves estimates undergo an
                                                                                 NER MIEAust who is a full-time employee of
                    in place, a forward price scenario based                                                                                assurance process to ensure that they
                                                                                 Origin. Mr Alistair Jones is Chief Reservoir
                    on monetisation of the reserves through                                                                                 are technically reasonable given the
                                                                                 Engineer, a qualified petroleum reserves
                    domestic markets has been used, including                                                                               available data and have been prepared
                                                                                 and resources evaluator and a member of
                    power generation opportunities, direct                                                                                  according to our reserves and resources
                                                                                 the Society of Petroleum Engineers, has
                    sales to LNG and other end users, and                                                                                   process, which includes adherence to
                                                                                 consented to the form and context in which
                    utilisation of Origin’s wholesale and retail                                                                            the PRMS Guidelines. The assurance
                                                                                 these statements appear.
                    channels to market.                                                                                                     process includes peer reviews of the
                                                                                                                                            technical and commercial assumptions.
                    For CSG reserves that are intended to                                                                                   The annual reserves report is reviewed
                    supply the APLNG CSG to LNG project,                                                                                    by management with the appropriate
                    the economic test is based on a weighted                                                                                technical expertise, including Integrated
                    average price across domestic, spot and                                                                                 Gas General Managers.
                    LNG contracts, less short run marginal costs

                    1
                         Refer to Section 7 of the Operating and Financial Review released to the ASX on 17 August 2023 for further information.
                    Five-year Financial History
                                                                                                                                                         157




                    Five-year
                    Financial History

                    A reconciliation between statutory and underlying profit measures can be found in note A1 of the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                                                                 20231           20221              20211            20201              20191
                        Income statement ($m)
                        Total external revenue                                  16,481           14,461           12,097             13,157           14,727
                        Underlying:
                        EBITDA2                                                  3,107            2,114            2,036              3,122            3,232
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                    (527)            (449)             (541)             (501)             (419)
                        Share of interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation




For personal use only
                        of equity accounted investees3                          (1,163)          (1,138)            (956)           (1,303)           (1,504)
                        EBIT                                                     1,417             527               539              1,318            1,308
                        Net financing costs                                      (134)            (126)             (133)             (126)             (154)
                        Income tax benefit/(expense)                             (533)               10              (90)             (174)             (123)
                        Non-controlling interests                                  (3)              (4)               (2)               (3)               (3)
                        Segment result and underlying consolidated profit         747              407               314              1,015            1,028
                        Impact of items excluded from segment result and
                        underlying consolidated profit net of tax                 308           (1,836)           (2,595)             (894)              183
                        Statutory:
                        Profit/(loss) attributable to members of the
                        parent entity                                            1,055          (1,429)           (2,281)               121             1,211
                        Statement of financial position ($m)
                        Total assets                                            18,948          24,020            21,308            25,340            25,743
                        Net debt/(cash)                                         2,888             2,818            4,786             5,688             6,084
                        Shareholders' equity - members/parent
                        entity interest                                          8,891           9,997             9,455            12,333             13,129
                        Adjusted net debt/(cash)4                                2,877           2,838             4,639              5,158             5,417
                        Shareholders' equity - total                             8,911          10,022             9,475            12,354             13,149
                        Cash flow
                        Net cash from operating and investing activities -
                        total operations ($m)                                     585            3,363              1,183             1,813             1,914
                        Key ratios
                        Statutory basic earnings per share (cents)                61.3            (81.5)          (129.6)              6.9              68.8
                        Underlying basic earnings per share (cents)              43.4              23.2              17.8              57.6             58.4
                        Total dividend per share (cents)5                         36.5            29.0              20.0              25.0              25.0
                        Net debt to net debt plus equity (adjusted) (%)4           24               22                33                29                29
                        Underlying EBITDA by segment ($m)
                        Energy Markets                                           1,038             401               982             1,454              1,574
                        Share of Octopus Energy                                   240              (36)               (3)               (4)                0
                        Integrated Gas                                           1,919            1,837             1,135             1,741            1,892
                        Corporate                                                 (90)             (88)              (78)              (69)             (234)
                        158                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                                                                                20231                  20221                   20211                 20201                   20191
                        General Information
                        Number of employees                                                     5,630                   5,174                 4,979                  5,232                  5,360
                        Weighted average number of shares                             1,720,567,672           1,753,612,216         1,759,555,663           1,759,801,186         1,758,935,655
                        Integrated Gas
                        2P reserves (PJe)                                                        3,011                  3,148                 4,252                  4,268                  4,599
                        Product sales volumes (PJe)                                                177                     211                  246                     251                   254
                           Liquified Natural Gas (PJ)                                              136                    159                    187                    180                    180
                           Natural gas and ethane (PJ)                                               41                    52                     59                     70                     73
                        Production volumes (PJe)                                                   185                   220                    263                    265                     255
                        Energy Markets
                        Generation (MW) - owned                                                 6,080                  6,052                  6,047                  6,029                  6,029




For personal use only
                        Generation dispatched (TWh)                                                  15                      15                    16                     18                    20
                        Number of customers ('000)                                              4,525                  4,458                  4,266                  4,236                  4,200
                           Electricity                                                          2,742                  2,733                  2,625                   2,631                 2,639
                           Natural gas                                                           1,282                  1,277                  1,249                  1,220                   1,191
                           LPG                                                                    368                    368                    359                    365                    362
                           Broadband                                                                96                      61                    33                     20                       8
                              Other6                                                                37                     20
                        Electricity (TWh)                                                           36                     35                     34                     34                     36
                        Natural gas (PJ)                                                           187                    188                    193                   204                     222
                        LPG (Kt)                                                                   374                    357                   389                     417                   426

                    1 Includes discontinued operations and assets held for sale unless stated otherwise.
                    2 Since FY2019 this includes premiums relating to certain electricity hedges within Underlying profit.
                    3 Origin discloses its equity accounted results in two lines: 'share of EBITDA of equity accounted investees,' included in EBITDA; and 'share of interest, tax, depreciation and
                         amortisation of equity accounted investees,' included between EBITDA and EBIT.
                    4 Total current and non-current interest-bearing liabilities only, less cash and cash equivalents excluding APLNG related cash, less fair value adjustments on hedged borrowings.
                    5 Dividends represent the interim and final dividends determined for each FY. This includes the final dividend for FY23 determined on 17 August 2023 to be paid on
                         29 September 2023. The amounts paid within each FY are 33c, 20c, 22.5c, 30c and 10c respectively.
                    6 Largely relates to Origin Home Assist customers.
                    Glossary and Interpretation
                                                                                                                                                                            159




                    Glossary
                    and Interpretation

                                                                                                      Non-IFRS financial measures
                    Glossary
                                                                                                      Non-IFRS financial measures are defined as financial measures that
                    Statutory financial measures                                                      are presented other than in accordance with all relevant Accounting
                                                                                                      Standards. Non-IFRS financial measures are used internally by
                    Statutory financial measures are measures included in the Financial               management to assess the performance of Origin’s business, and to
                    Statements for the Origin Consolidated Group, which are measured                  make decisions on allocation of resources. The Non-IFRS financial
                    and disclosed in accordance with applicable Australian Accounting                 measures have been derived from Statutory financial measures
                    Standards. Statutory financial measures also include measures that                included in the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements, and are
                    have been directly calculated from, or disaggregated directly from                provided in this report, along with the Statutory financial measures




For personal use only
                    financial information included in the Financial Statements for the                to enable further insight and a different perspective into the financial
                    Origin Consolidated Group.                                                        performance, including profit and loss and cash flow outcomes, of
                                                                                                      the Origin business.
                        Term                   Meaning
                                                                                                      The principal Non-IFRS profit and loss measure of Underlying Profit
                        Cash flows from        Statutory cash flows from investing activities as      has been reconciled to Statutory Profit in Section 5.1. The key Non-
                        investing activities   disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows in the        IFRS financial measures included in this report are defined below.
                                               Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.
                        Cash flows from        Statutory cash flows from operating activities as      Term              Meaning
                        operating activities   disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows in the
                                               Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.              AASB              Australian Accounting Standards Board

                        Cash flows used in     Statutory cash flows used in financing activities as   Adjusted          Net Debt adjusted to remove fair value adjustments
                        financing activities   disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows in the        Net Debt          on hedged borrowings
                                               Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.              Adjusted          Origin Underlying EBITDA – Share of APLNG
                        Net Debt               Total current and non-current interest-bearing         Underlying        Underlying EBITDA and Octopus Energy EBITDA
                                               liabilities only, less cash and cash equivalents       EBITDA            + net cash from APLNG over the relevant 12
                                               excluding cash to fund APLNG day-to-                                     month period.
                                               day operations.                                        Average           Interest expense divided by Origin’s average drawn
                        Non-                   Economic interest in a controlled entity of            interest rate     debt during the period.
                        controlling interest   the consolidated entity that is not held by            cps               Cents per share.
                                               the Parent entity or a controlled entity of the        Free Cash Flow    Net cash from operating and investing activities
                                               consolidated entity.                                                     (excluding major growth projects), less interest paid.
                        Statutory              Net profit/loss after tax and non-controlling          FY23             Twelve months ended 30 June 2023.
                        Profit/Loss            interests as disclosed in the Income Statement         (Current period)
                                               in the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                      FY22              Twelve months ended 30 June 2022.
                        Statutory earnings     Statutory Profit/Loss divided by weighted              (Prior period)
                        per share              average number of shares as disclosed in the
                                                                                                      Gearing           Adjusted Net Debt / (Adjusted Net Debt +
                                               Income Statement in the Origin Consolidated
                                                                                                                        Total equity)
                                               Financial Statements.
                                                                                                      Gross Profit      Revenue less cost of goods sold.
                                                                                                      Items excluded Items that do not align with the manner in which
                                                                                                      from Underlying the Chief Executive Officer reviews the financial and
                                                                                                      Profit (IEUP)   operating performance of the business which are
                                                                                                                      excluded from Underlying Profit. See Section 5.1
                                                                                                                      for details.
                                                                                                      MRCPS             Mandatorily Redeemable Cumulative
                                                                                                                        Preference Shares.
                                                                                                      Non-cash fair     Reflects the impact of the accounting uplift in
                                                                                                      value uplift      the asset base of APLNG which was recorded on
                                                                                                                        creation of APLNG and subsequent share issues
                                                                                                                        to Sinopec. This balance will be depreciated in
                                                                                                                        APLNG’s Income Statement on an ongoing basis
                                                                                                                        and, therefore, a dilution adjustment is made to
                                                                                                                        remove this depreciation.
                                                                                                      Share of ITDA     Origin’s share of equity accounted interest, tax,
                                                                                                                        depreciation and amortisation.
                                                                                                      Total Segment     Total revenue for the Energy Markets, Integrated Gas
                                                                                                      Revenue           and Corporate segments, as disclosed in note A1 of
                                                                                                                        the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                      Underlying EPS    Underlying Profit/Loss divided by weighted average
                                                                                                                        number of shares.
                                                                                                      Underlying        Underlying earnings before underlying interest,
                                                                                                      EBITDA            underlying tax, underlying depreciation and
                                                                                                                        amortisation (EBITDA) as disclosed in note A1 of the
                                                                                                                        Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.
                        160                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                        Term            Meaning                                                   Term               Meaning
                        Underlying      Share of interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation                        products so the amount of energy contained in these
                        share of ITDA   of equity accounted investees adjusted for items                             products can be compared.
                                        excluded from Underlying Profit.                          PPA                Power Purchase Agreement
                        Underlying      Underlying net profit/loss after tax and non-             Sinopec            When referring to the off-taker under the LNG Sale
                        Profit/Loss     controlling interests as disclosed in note A1 of the                         and Purchase Agreement (SPA) with APLNG, means
                                        Origin Consolidated Financial Statements.                                    China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation which has
                        Underlying      Calculated as Adjusted EBIT / Average                                        appointed its subsidiary Unipec Asia Co. Ltd. to act
                        ROCE (Return    Capital Employed.                                                            on its behalf under the LNG SPA.
                        on Capital                                                                SME                Small Medium Enterprise
                                        Average Capital Employed = Shareholders Equity
                        Employed)
                                        + Origin Debt + Origin’s Share of APLNG project           TRIFR              Total Recordable Incident Frequency Rate
                                        finance - Non-cash fair value uplift + net derivative     TW                 Terawatt = 1012 watts
                                        liabilities. The average is a simple average of opening
                                        and closing in any 12 month period.                       TWh                Terawatt hour = 109 kilowatt hours




For personal use only
                                                                                                  VDO                Victorian Default Offer
                                        Adjusted EBIT = Origin Underlying EBIT and
                                        Origin’s share of APLNG Underlying EBIT + Dilution        Watt               A measure of power when a one ampere of current
                                        Adjustment = Statutory Origin EBIT adjusted to                               flows under one volt of pressure.
                                        remove the following items: a) Items excluded from
                                        underlying earnings; b) Origin’s share of APLNG
                                        underlying interest and tax; and c) the depreciation of   Interpretation
                                        the Non-cash fair value uplift adjustment. In contrast,
                                        for remuneration purposes Origin’s statutory EBIT         All comparable results reflect a comparison between the current
                                        is adjusted to remove Origin’s share of APLNG             period and the prior period, unless otherwise stated.
                                        statutory interest and tax (which is included in
                                        Origin’s reported EBIT) and certain items excluded        A reference to APLNG or Australia Pacific LNG is a reference to
                                        from underlying earnings. Gains and losses on             Australia Pacific LNG Pty Limited in which Origin holds a 27.5 per
                                        disposals and impairments will only be excluded           cent shareholding. A reference to Octopus Energy or Octopus is a
                                        subject to Board discretion.                              reference to Octopus Energy Group Limited in which Origin held an
                                                                                                  18.7% shareholding as at 30 June 2022, with subsequent investment
                                                                                                  to restore its 20% shareholding in FY2023. Origin’s shareholding in
                    Non-financial terms
                                                                                                  APLNG and Octopus Energy is equity accounted.

                        Term            Meaning                                                   A reference to $ is a reference to Australian dollars unless specifically
                                                                                                  marked otherwise.
                        Boe             Barrel of oil equivalent
                        CES             Community Energy Services                                 All references to debt are a reference to interest bearing debt only.
                        C&I             Commercial and Industrial                                 Individual items and totals are rounded to the nearest appropriate
                        Consortium      Comprising affiliates of Brookfield Renewable             number or decimal. Some totals may not add due to rounding of
                                        Partners L.P. (Brookfield Renewable), together with       individual components.
                                        its institutional partners and certain other global       When calculating a percentage change, a positive or negative
                                        institutional investors, and MidOcean Energy, an
                                                                                                  percentage change denotes the mathematical movement in
                                        entity managed by EIG Partners, who have proposed
                                                                                                  the underlying metric, rather than a positive or a detrimental
                                        to acquire all the issues shares in Origin by way of a
                                        scheme of arrangement
                                                                                                  impact. Percentage changes on measures for which the numbers
                                                                                                  change from negative to positive, or vice versa, are labelled as
                        DMO             Default Market Offer
                                                                                                  not applicable.
                        ERP             Enterprise resource planning
                        GJ              Gigajoule = 109 joules
                        JCC             Japan Customs-cleared Crude (JCC) is the average
                                        price of crude oil imported to Japan. APLNG’s long-
                                        term LNG sales contracts are priced based on the
                                        JCC index.
                        Joule           Primary measure of energy in the metric system.
                        Kansai          When referring to the off-taker under the LNG Sale
                                        and Purchase Agreement (SPA) with APLNG, means
                                        Kansai Electric Power Co. Inc.
                        kT              kilo tonnes = 1,000 tonnes
                        Mtpa            Million tonnes per annum
                        MW              Megawatt = 106 watts
                        MWh             Megawatt hour = 103 kilowatt hours
                        NEM             National Electricity Market
                        NPS             Net Promoter Score (NPS) is a measure of
                                        customers’ propensity to recommend Origin to
                                        friends and family
                        PJ              Petajoule = 1015 joules
                        PJe             Petajoules equivalent = an energy measurement
                                        used to represent the equivalent energy in different
For personal use only
                    Directory

                    Registered Office
                    Level 32, Tower 1
                    100 Barangaroo Avenue
                    Barangaroo, NSW 2000

                    GPO Box 5376
                    Sydney NSW 2001

                    T (02) 8345 5000
                    F (02) 9252 9244

                    originenergy.com.au
                    enquiry@originenergy.com.au


                    Secretary
                    Helen Hardy


                    Share Registry




For personal use only
                    Boardroom Pty Limited
                    Level 8, 210 George Street
                    Sydney NSW 2000

                    GPO Box 3993
                    Sydney NSW 2001

                    T Australia 1300 664 446
                    T International (+61 2) 8016 2896
                    F (02) 9279 0664

                    boardroomlimited.com.au
                    origin@boardroomlimited.com.au


                    Auditor
                    EY


                    Further information about Origin’s
                    performance can be found on our website:

                    originenergy.com.au
                    Corporate




For personal use only
                    Governance
                    Statement
                    For the year ended 30 June 2023




                    Origin Energy Limited ABN 30 000 051 696
                        2                                                                                                  Corporate Governance Statement 2023




                                                                                               Anti-bribery and facilitation payments
                    This statement has been approved by the Board                              Origin has zero appetite for unacceptable behaviour in relation to
                    and summarises the Company’s governance                                    bribery and corrupt business practices, and will comply with the laws
                                                                                               of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Origin prohibits the offer,
                    practices that were in place throughout the                                payment, solicitation or acceptance of bribes, improper benefits and
                    financial year ended 30 June 2023. During the                              facilitation payments in any form, including through third parties,
                    financial year and to the date of this report,                             agents or representatives.

                    Origin has complied with all ASX Principles                                Origin also has controls over the provision of gifts and gratuities,
                                                                                               both directly and indirectly, to public officials or relatives or
                    and Recommendations.
                                                                                               associates of public officials. The giving or receiving of gifts or
                                                                                               hospitality is prohibited in all circumstances that may be regarded
                                                                                               as compromising personal judgement or the judgement of others, or
                    People and culture                                                         conflicts in any way with Origin’s purpose, values and behaviours.




For personal use only
                                                                                               The Board, through the Audit Committee, is informed of any material
                    Purpose, values and behaviours                                             breaches of the Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy.

                    Origin’s purpose, “Getting energy right for our customers,                 The Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy is available on
                    communities and planet” is supported by five values:                       Origin’s website.

                    1. Work as one team, one Origin.                                           Dealing in Securities Policy
                    2. Be the customer champion.                                               Origin’s Dealing in Securities Policy prohibits Origin and its
                    3. Care about our impact.                                                  personnel from dealing in the securities of Origin or other companies
                                                                                               in a way that breaches the law prohibiting insider trading, harms
                    4. Find a better way.
                                                                                               Origin’s reputation or compromises confidence in Origin’s practices
                    5. Being accountable.                                                      in relation to securities dealings. It precludes any Origin personnel
                    Behaviours, linked to each value, set expectations for how Origin          from engaging in short-term dealings in the Company’s securities.
                    asks its people to work every day and with each other.                     The policy also states that margin loans should not be entered into
                                                                                               if they could cause a dealing that requires, or allows for, Origin
                    Policies                                                                   securities to be disposed of at a time that would be a breach of the
                                                                                               policy, or is in breach of the general insider trading provisions of the
                    Origin has a number of policies that set out conduct expectations          Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
                    and decision-making rights across the Origin Group.
                                                                                               Origin personnel are also prohibited from entering into hedging
                    Code of Conduct                                                            transactions that operate to limit the economic risk of any of their
                    Origin’s Code of Conduct is based on our purpose and values, and           unvested equity-based incentives. The Dealing in Securities Policy is
                    outlines how all directors, employees and other persons who act on         available on Origin’s website.
                    behalf of Origin are expected to care for our people, business and
                    reputation, and to perform their job in line with high ethical standards   Inclusion
                    and applicable legal requirements. A suite of online training on           Origin believes that a commitment to diversity and inclusion
                    our Code of Conduct forms part of our mandatory core learning              is key to attracting, retaining and motivating employees in a
                    program and helps enhance the knowledge of our people while                competitive market for skills and talent. Origin’s people policies and
                    improving employee experience.                                             practices are aimed at promoting diversity and inclusion, embracing
                    The Board, through the Remuneration, People and Culture                    differences and helping us listen, learn, collaborate and make better,
                    Committee, is informed of any material breaches of the Code of             unbiased decisions.
                    Conduct and the consequences.                                              Origin’s Diversity and Inclusion Policy applies to all aspects of
                    The Code of Conduct is available on Origin’s website.                      employment, including recruitment, selection, promotion, training,
                                                                                               remuneration benefits and performance management. There are
                    Reporting and escalating concerns                                          also procedures in place to prevent and eliminate unlawful
                    Origin is committed to a culture that encourages our people and            discrimination and harassment.
                    others to speak up about issues or conduct that concerns them.
                                                                                               The Diversity and Inclusion Policy is available on Origin’s website,
                    Origin has a Whistleblower Policy for individuals to report any            and detailed performance data can be found in our annual
                    instance or suspicion of misconduct, or an improper state of               Sustainability Report.
                    affairs or circumstances involving our businesses, and provides
                    protections and measures so that those who make a report may               Gender diversity
                    do so confidentially and without fear of reprisal, victimisation or
                                                                                               The Board and the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee
                    detriment. Individuals may report their concerns either through their
                                                                                               oversee Origin’s strategies and performance on gender diversity,
                    manager, People & Culture, nominated officers within the Origin
                                                                                               including monitoring the performance and effectiveness of
                    Group or an independent external reporting service where the
                                                                                               initiatives to improve diversity, in particular from the twin
                    person may remain completely anonymous.
                                                                                               perspectives of gender balance and gender pay equity.
                    The Board, through the Remuneration, People and Culture
                    Committee, is informed of any material incidents raised under the          Gender balance in Origin leadership
                    Whistleblower Policy.                                                      Origin’s gender balance in leadership positions is summarised
                                                                                               in the following graph, which shows further increases in female
                    Origin will protect any person who makes a disclosure, from                representation, especially at the Board and Senior Leaders levels.
                    detrimental conduct or the threat of detrimental conduct, as well as       Representation across the Origin Group has also increased over
                    protect their identity.                                                    the year.
                    The Whistleblower Policy is available on Origin’s website.
                    Corporate Governance Statement
                                                                                                                                                               3




                                                                                               Gender pay equity targets
                                                                                               Origin monitors gender pay equity on two bases. The gender
                                                                                               pay gap is measured across the whole workforce and compares
                                                                                               average full-time female base salaries with average full-time male
                                                                                               base salaries. Origin further decreased its gender pay gap (fixed
                                                                                               remuneration) in FY2023 to 10.6 per cent and therefore maintains its
                                                                                               target to stay below the Australian average (13.3 per cent).
                                                                                               The second measurement is equal-pay-for-equal-work which
                                                                                               measures average salaries by gender in like-for-like roles. The Korn
                                                                                               Ferry Hay job evaluation methodology is used to define equivalent-
                                                                                               sized jobs. The equal-pay-for-equal-work target is to maintain any
                                                                                               gap below 1 per cent. At year end it had declined from 0.9 to
                                                                                               0.6 per cent, within the target band.




For personal use only
                    Notes
                    •   Female representation is a percentage of the total cohort. Less
                        than 1 per cent of the Origin Group do not identify as male or
                        female, accordingly the male representation is 100 per cent less
                        the female representation, within rounding limits.
                    •   Board includes Executive and Non-executive Directors (NEDs).
                    •   CEO Level-1 represents the CEO plus executive leadership that
                        reports to the CEO.
                    •   CEO Level-2 includes roles directly reporting to CEO Level-1.
                    •   Senior Leaders captures the three reporting levels below
                        CEO (CEO-3) and includes roles with base salaries exceeding
                        approximately $200,000 per annum.

                    Gender balance targets
                    Origin is a signatory to the 40:40 Vision, an investor-led initiative to
                    achieve gender balance in executive leadership across ASX-300
                    companies by 2030. The 40:40 refers to female and male
                    representation of 40 per cent each, with the remaining 20 per              FY2024 gender diversity targets
                    cent made up of any gender. Origin has adopted this approach
                    for setting targets across its Board, CEO-1 level in accordance with       For FY2024, Origin’s gender diversity targets will be:
                    40:40 Vision as well as extended these targets to apply to CEO-2           •   maintain the Gender Pay Gap (fixed remuneration) for all roles
                    and Senior Leaders levels.                                                     to below the Australian average (13.3 per cent) and maintain the
                    At the end of FY2023 Origin maintained a minimum of 40 per cent                Equal-pay-for-equal-work gap (EPG) to within 1 percentage point
                    female representation in three leadership cohorts (Board, CEO-2                on average;
                    and Senior Leaders). The most significant progress was observed            •   maintain a minimum of 40 per cent female representation in three
                    in the Senior Leader (CEO-3) cohort where female participation                 leadership cohorts (Board, CEO-2 and Senior Leaders);
                    increased to 46 per cent. Forward targets are to maintain this             •   for the CEO-1 cohort, achieve a target of 33 per cent;
                    achievement and to focus on achieving balance in the CEO-1 cohort.
                    Gender balance results are shown in the table below.                       •   achieve and maintain appointment rates of 50 per cent for
                                                                                                   women into all major employment cohorts; and
                                                                                               •   achieve a female senior retention rate no lower than the male
                                                                                                   retention rate, and at least 89 per cent.

                                                                                               Remuneration
                                                                                               The Remuneration Report sets out details of the Company’s
                                                                                               policies and practices for remunerating Directors, key management
                                                                                               personnel and employees. It also sets out the Remuneration, People
                                                                                               and Culture Committee’s activities.
                                                                                               The remuneration of NEDs is structured separately from that
                                                                                               of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and
                                                                                               senior executives.
                    In supporting its gender balance targets the Company utilises
                    and monitors a range of measures covering areas such as gender
                    appointment, leadership pipeline and promotion rates and retention.
                        4                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Statement 2023




                    Board and Committees

                    Board composition
                    The Board’s size and composition is determined by the Directors, within limits set by Origin’s Constitution, which requires a Board of between
                    five and 12 Directors. The composition of the Board shall:
                    •   take into account the needs of the Company, including diversity in all respects;
                    •   be of an appropriate size; and
                    •   collectively have the skills, commitment and knowledge of the Company and the industry in which it operates, to enable it to discharge its
                        duties effectively and to add value.
                    Directors’ names, tenure, profiles and details of their skills, experience and special expertise are set out in the Directors’ Report.




For personal use only
                    Independence
                    The Company’s policy on the Independence of Directors requires that the Board is comprised of a majority of independent Directors. The
                    Board reviews each Director’s independence annually. At its review for the FY2023 reporting period, the Board formed the view that all NEDs
                    were independent. In defining the characteristics of an independent Director, the Board uses the ASX Principles and Recommendations,
                    together with its own considerations of the Company’s operations and businesses and appropriate materiality thresholds. The Independence
                    of Directors Policy, which is part of the Board Charter, is available on the Company’s website.

                    Skills
                    Origin’s Board members bring experience from a wide range of industries and backgrounds, including utilities, oil and gas, industrials, banking
                    and finance, legal and technology. The Board reviews the skills matrix periodically to ensure it covers the skills needed to address existing and
                    emerging business and governance issues relevant to the entity.
                    Together, the Directors contribute the following key skills and experience.
                    Corporate Governance Statement
                                                                                                                                                                5




                        Skills and experience

                        Customer                                      Industry                                        models and projects. Experience in
                        Experience in industries with a high degree   Experience as a senior executive or             developing, setting and executing
                        of customer-centricity and providing          board role in the energy, oil and               strategic direction and driving growth.
                        customer solutions, so that Directors         gas, upstream/integrated exploration and        Ability to question and challenge
                        can support Origin to continue to             production industry, including in-depth         management on the delivery of agreed
                        provide energy solutions to customers         knowledge of the Company’s strategy,            strategic objectives, including capital
                        that are both reliable and affordable, and    markets, competitors, operational issues,       requirements to meet these objectives.
                        lower emissions.                              technology and regulatory concerns. This
                                                                      includes advisory roles for these industries.   Sustainability and climate change
                        Financial and risk management                                                                 Knowledge and understanding of climate-
                        Senior executive experience in financial      Leadership and governance                       related risks and opportunities, including
                        accounting and reporting, corporate           Senior executive role or substantial            relating to the physical environment




For personal use only
                        finance, risk and internal controls.          Board experience in a publicly listed           in which Origin operates, the energy
                                                                      company in Australia or overseas, with          transition, low-carbon customer solutions,
                        Experience in anticipating and evaluating
                                                                      a proven track record of leadership and         climate science and energy policy.
                        both financial and non-financial risks,
                                                                      overseeing culture and a demonstrable
                        including systemic, existing and emerging                                                     Experience in monitoring and managing
                                                                      commitment to high standards of
                        risks that could impact the business and                                                      the environmental, social and human rights
                                                                      corporate governance.
                        recognising and managing these risks                                                          impacts of Origin’s business operations
                        through sound risk governance policies        Legal, regulatory and public policy             and activities on stakeholders including
                        and frameworks.                               Experience in the identification and            employees, host communities, Traditional
                                                                      resolution of legal and regulatory issues       Owner communities, contractors and
                        Global business experience
                                                                      that may have a significant impact on           others. Understanding of accepted and
                        Exposure to international regions,
                                                                      Origin’s operations and the ability of          evolving community standards and ability
                        either through experience working
                                                                      the Company to deliver the expected             to identify socially and environmentally
                        in an organisation with global
                                                                      performance. Experience in public and           sustainable developments and to set
                        operations or through management of
                                                                      regulatory policy, including how it             and monitor sustainability targets,
                        international stakeholder relationships.
                                                                      affects corporations.                           including relating to climate change,
                        Strong understanding of different
                                                                                                                      environmental impacts, community and
                        cultural, political, regulatory and           People                                          Traditional Owner engagement and
                        business requirements.                        Experience in leading large, diverse,           related governance.
                        Health and safety                             geographically distributed teams, building
                                                                      organisational capability, overseeing           Technology, digital and innovation
                        Strong understanding of health and
                                                                      people policies and frameworks that drive       Background in an industry that has faced
                        safety management, performance and
                                                                      desired culture, behaviours and business        significant disruptive change.
                        governance, including setting the tone
                                                                      outcomes and setting a remuneration             Awareness of technology (including digital
                        for an enabled and accountable culture
                                                                      framework that attracts and retains             technology) and innovation that influences
                        that focuses on continuous learning
                                                                      high-calibre employees, including the           Origin’s business and the ability to assess
                        and transparent sharing. Experience in
                                                                      promotion of diversity and inclusion.           and leverage related developments and
                        programs implementing health and safety
                        initiatives, including mental health and                                                      respond to digital disruption.
                                                                      Strategy
                        physical wellbeing.                           Senior executive and directorship
                                                                      experience, dealing with complex business


                    The Board supplements its skills and experience with input from management with specific experience and expertise, including in climate
                    science, trends and policy. The Board also regularly invites relevant industry and climate change experts to inform Directors on the latest
                    market and industry developments relating to climate science and climate change matters.
                    The Board consider that this collective internal and external expertise equips Board members with the necessary skills, knowledge and
                    perspective to understand the implications of climate risks and opportunities on Origin’s business and to discharge their duties.
                        6                                                                                                  Corporate Governance Statement 2023




                                                                       the basis of the Board’s recommendation         discussed the results of the review
                    Roles and responsibilities                         to shareholders. The review considers a         and initiatives to improve or enhance
                    The Board’s roles and responsibilities are         Director’s expertise, skill and experience,     Board performance and effectiveness were
                    formalised in a Board Charter, which is            along with his or her understanding of          considered and recommended.
                    available on the Company’s website. The            the Company’s business, preparation for
                                                                                                                       The performance of all key executives,
                    Charter sets out those functions that are          meetings, relationships with other Directors
                                                                                                                       including the CEO, is reviewed
                    delegated to management and those that             and management, awareness of ethical
                                                                                                                       annually against:
                    are reserved for the Board.                        and governance issues, independence of
                                                                       thought and overall contribution.               •   a set of personal financial and non-
                    The Board selects and appoints the Chair                                                               financial goals;
                    from the independent Directors. The Chair,         Where a candidate is standing for election
                                                                       or re-election as Director, the notice          •   Company and business unit-specific
                    Mr Perkins, is independent and his role and
                                                                       of meeting will set out information on              goals; and
                    responsibilities are separate from those of
                    the Managing Director and Chief Executive          the candidate, including biographical           •   adherence to the Company’s culture and
                    Officer (CEO).                                     details, qualifications and experience,             standards of behaviour.




For personal use only
                                                                       independence status, outside interests and
                    The Company Secretary is accountable                                                               The Remuneration, People and Culture
                                                                       the recommendation of the rest of the
                    directly to the Board, through the Chair, on                                                       Committee and the Board consider the
                                                                       Board on the resolution.
                    all matters to do with the proper functioning                                                      performance of the CEO and all members
                    of the Board.                                      Where relevant, it will confirm that the        of the ELT when deciding whether to award
                                                                       Company has conducted appropriate               performance-related remuneration through
                    Prior to joining Origin, Directors and             checks into the candidate’s background and      short-term and long-term incentives for the
                    senior executives are provided with letters        experience and will advise if those checks      year completed and when assessing fixed
                    of appointment or service agreements,              had revealed any information of concern.        remuneration for future periods. As part of
                    together with key Company documents                                                                that review, the Committee receives formal
                    and information, setting out their term of                                                         certification from the General Counsel and
                    office, duties, rights and responsibilities,       Director induction and                          Executive General Manager responsible
                    entitlements on termination, and the               professional development                        for internal audit, compliance and risk as
                    requirement to notify the Company of, or                                                           well as the Executive General Manager
                    to seek the Company’s approval before              New Directors undertake induction training,
                                                                       tailored to their existing skills, knowledge    of People and Culture, on each ELT
                    accepting any new role that could impact                                                           member’s performance in the areas of legal,
                    upon the time commitment expected of the           and experience on Origin’s strategy,
                                                                       structure, operations, culture and key risks.   compliance, audit, risk, safety and people.
                    Director or give rise to a conflict of interest.                                                   The Committee also receives feedback
                    Directors are also asked to specifically           New Directors are provided with copies of
                                                                       Origin’s key governance documents and           from the Chairs of the Audit, Risk and Safety
                    acknowledge to Origin that they will have                                                          and Sustainability committees on matters
                    sufficient time to fulfil their responsibilities   policies and participate in comprehensive
                                                                       briefings with the Chair of the Board,          within each ELT member’s relevant business
                    as a Director.                                                                                     or function that the Committee and Board
                                                                       chairs of each Board committee, the CEO
                                                                       and the Executive Leadership Team (ELT),        may consider when exercising discretion in
                    Board and senior executive                         the Company Secretary, and the internal         determining individual incentive outcomes.
                                                                                                                       Further information on the outcomes of
                    appointment and re-election                        and external auditor. New Directors also
                                                                       undertake visits to Origin’s major sites.       the FY2023 assessment of executive key
                    Prior to considering the appointment                                                               management personnel remuneration is set
                    of a new Director, the Nomination                  Directors receive continuing professional       out in the Remuneration Report.
                    Committee evaluates the balance of skills,         education through ongoing briefings and
                    knowledge, experience, independence and            workshops on industry, regulatory or other
                    diversity on the Board, and identifies the         relevant topics, and attend industry or         Board committees
                    appropriate capabilities required based on         governance conferences to deal with new         Five committees assist the Board in
                    that assessment. If these criteria are met         emerging business and governance issues.        executing its duties. Each committee
                    and the Board appoints the candidate as a                                                          has its own charter, setting out its role,
                    Director, that Director will stand for election    Performance review                              responsibilities, composition, structure,
                    by shareholders at the following Annual                                                            membership requirements and operation.
                    General Meeting (AGM).                             The Directors regularly review the              These are available on the Company’s
                                                                       performance of the whole Board, Board           website. From time to time, other special
                    Before a Director is appointed, Origin
                                                                       committees and individual Directors,            committees are convened to assist the
                    undertakes appropriate evaluations.
                                                                       generally facilitated by an external            Board with particular matters or to exercise
                    These include independent checks of
                                                                       consultant. The Board as a whole discusses      the delegated authority of the Board.
                    a candidate’s character, experience,
                                                                       outcomes of the review and individual
                    education, criminal record, bankruptcy                                                             Each committee’s Chair reports to the
                                                                       Director feedback is discussed directly
                    history, and any other factors that                                                                Board on the committee’s deliberations
                                                                       between that Director and the Chair. The
                    would affect the Company’s or the                                                                  at the following Board meeting where
                                                                       Chair’s performance feedback is shared
                    individual’s reputation.                                                                           the committee meeting minutes are
                                                                       with the Board for discussion.
                    Prior to the engagement of senior                                                                  also tabled. All Directors have access
                                                                       This year, a review was undertaken              to committee papers and may attend
                    executives, appropriate background checks
                                                                       with assistance from an external                committee meetings unless there is a
                    are also carried out, in accordance with
                                                                       consultant. This covered the Board              conflict of interest.
                    Origin’s recruitment policies.
                                                                       and committees’ activities and work
                    Each year, the performance of the Directors        program, time commitments, meeting              The members of each committee and
                    retiring by rotation and seeking re-election       efficiency and Board contribution to            their attendance at Board and committee
                    under the Constitution is reviewed by the          Company strategy, monitoring, compliance        meetings during FY2023 is set out in the
                    Nomination Committee (other than the               and the governance processes that               Directors’ Report.
                    relevant Director), the results of which form      support the Board. The whole Board
                    Corporate Governance Statement
                                                                                                                                                                                    7




                        Audit                           Remuneration, People            Safety and Sustainability       Nomination                      Risk
                                                        & Culture
                        Each committee assists the Board on matters relating to:

                        •   the integrity and           •   Origin’s people             •   Origin’s strategies         •   the composition of the      •   Origin’s risk
                            adequacy of the                 strategies, policies,           related to safety               Board, including Board          management
                            Company’s accounting            practices and                   and sustainability;             skills, independence            framework;
                            and corporate reporting         Company culture;            •   Origin’s climate change         and diversity;          •       the performance against
                            systems, policies           •   Origin’s approach to            strategy, commitments,      •   Board and CEO                   the risk management
                            and processes;                  diversity and inclusion;        actions, emissions              succession planning and         framework;
                        •   the internal                •   the remuneration                reductions targets and          appointment process;    •       material and emerging
                            control framework;              strategy, policy and            approach to a just          •   Board and Director              risks, such as conduct
                        •   the external and internal       structure and specific          energy transition;              performance evaluation;         risk, digital disruption,
                            audit functions.                remuneration outcomes       •   Origin’s safety and        •    Director induction and          cyber security, privacy
                                                            for the CEO and ELT;            sustainability risks                                            and data breaches,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                            continuing professional
                                                        •   ELT (other than                 and/or impacts arising          development;                    sustainability and
                                                            CEO) appointments,              out of the Company's                                            climate change;
                                                            development and                 activities and operations; •    the framework and
                                                                                                                                                        •   identifying and
                                                                                                                            process for assessing
                                                            succession planning;        •   compliance with                 the performance of the          monitoring strategic and
                                                        •   Origin’s compliance with        statutory safety                Board, its committees           emerging risks;
                                                            statutory remuneration          and sustainability              and individual directors.   •   the effectiveness of the
                                                            and people-related              obligations and                                                 Company’s compliance
                                                            obligations and Origin’s        internal requirements;                                          framework to meet
                                                            internal requirements.   •      specific safety and                                             relevant regulatory and
                                                                                            sustainability risks and/                                       legal requirements.
                                                                                            or impacts and learnings
                                                                                            from those;
                                                                                        •   activities of executive
                                                                                            management to enhance
                                                                                            the safety and
                                                                                            sustainability culture

                        The committee’s membership consists of:

                        •   Five NEDs, all of         •     Four NEDs, all of           •   the CEO and five          •     Five NEDs, all of           •   Six NEDs, all of whom are
                            whom are independent,           whom are independent,           independent NEDs. The           whom are independent,           independent, including
                            including the Chair,            including the Chair.            direct impact the               including the Chair.            the Chair.
                            who has significant                                             deliberations of the
                            financial expertise and                                         Committee can have
                            is not the Chair of                                             on the day-to-day
                            the Board. All members                                          operations of Origin
                            of the Committee                                                makes it appropriate
                            are financially literate,                                       for the CEO to be
                            and the Committee                                               a member of the
                            possesses sufficient                                            Committee. The majority
                            accounting and financial                                        of the Committee, and its
                            expertise and knowledge                                         Chair, are independent.
                            of the industry in which
                            Origin operates.


                                                                               strategy, people, safety and sustainability
                    Board and committee meetings                               and major projects or initiatives in which            Access to advice
                    In FY2023, the Board held nine scheduled                   Origin is involved. In addition, the Directors        and information
                    meetings, including an annual strategic                    receive reports from Board committees
                                                                                                                                     All Directors have access to Company
                    review and 11 additional meetings to deal                  and, as appropriate, presentations on
                                                                                                                                     employees, advisors and records.
                    with urgent matters. There were also two                   opportunities and risks for the Company.
                    scheduled workshops. In addition, the                                                                            In carrying out their duties and
                                                                               NEDs also meet without the presence of
                    Board conducted in-person and virtual                                                                            responsibilities, Directors have access to
                                                                               the CEO or other management to address
                    visits of Company operations at various                                                                          advice and counsel from the Chair and
                                                                               such matters as succession planning,
                    sites and met (in person and virtually) with                                                                     the Company Secretary and are able to
                                                                               key strategic issues, and Board operation
                    operational management during the year.                                                                          seek independent professional advice at the
                                                                               and effectiveness.
                                                                                                                                     Company’s expense, after consultation with
                    From time to time, the Board delegates its                                                                       the Chair.
                    authority to non-standing committees of
                    Directors to consider matters of particular
                    relevance or urgency. In the 12 months to
                    30 June 2023, seven such additional Board
                    committee meetings were held.
                    At Board meetings, Directors receive
                    reports from executive management on
                    financial and operational performance, risk,
                        8                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Statement 2023




                                                                                             Board. At the AGM, the Chair allows a reasonable opportunity for
                    Shareholders                                                             shareholders to ask questions of the Board and the company.
                                                                                             The external auditor attends the Company’s AGM and is also
                    Disclosure
                                                                                             available to answer questions from shareholders relevant to the
                    Origin has adopted policies and procedures designed to ensure            audit. Shareholders who are unable to attend the AGM can view a
                    compliance with its continuous disclosure obligations under ASX          webcast of the meeting on the Company’s website.
                    Listing Rule 3.1 and make senior management and the Board                All resolutions at an Origin meeting of shareholders are decided by a
                    accountable for that compliance. The Continuous Disclosure Policy        poll rather than by a show of hands.
                    is available on the Company’s website.
                    All material matters are disclosed immediately to the stock
                    exchanges on which Origin’s securities are listed (and subsequently
                                                                                             Risk and assurance
                    to the media, where relevant), as required by the relevant listing
                    rules. All material investor presentations are released to the stock     Risk framework
                    exchanges and are posted on the Company’s website. Other




For personal use only
                                                                                             Origin’s approach to risk management aims to embed a risk-aware
                    reports or media statements that do not contain price-sensitive          culture in all decision-making and to manage risk in a proactive and
                    information are included on the Company’s website. Shareholders          effective manner.
                    can subscribe to an email notification service and receive notice
                    of any stock exchange announcements released by the Company.             The Company’s Risk Management Policy defines our approach to
                    Consistent with the Company’s Continuous Disclosure Policy, the          risk management and oversight. This policy and further information
                    Board approves releases to the market which includes disclosure of       on Origin’s approach to managing its material risks is available on
                    a profit projection or forecast and those relating to matters that are   the Company’s website. Our risk management framework supports
                    material and strategically important to the Company. The Board also      the identification, management, and reporting of material risks in
                    receives copies of other material market announcements promptly          areas such as health and safety, environment (including climate
                    after they have been made.                                               change), finance, reputation and brand, legal and compliance and
                                                                                             social impacts. Our framework is aligned with the ISO 31000 Risk
                    Origin also provides periodic disclosure that keeps the market           Management - Guidelines.
                    informed, including quarterly releases and half- and full-year reports
                    to shareholders.                                                         In general, risks are identified that have the potential to affect
                                                                                             Origin’s ability to meet its business objectives and are categorised
                    Origin also participates in industry conferences and hosts investor      into four broad categories: strategic, operational, financial or project
                    briefings. Copies of presentation materials of any new and               risks. The Board has also approved policies for hedging interest rates,
                    substantive investor or analyst presentations are released to the        foreign exchange rates and commodities. Certain risks are covered
                    stock exchanges ahead of the presentation.                               by insurance.
                    Investor relations                                                       Management is responsible for the design and implementation of
                                                                                             the risk management and internal control systems to manage the
                    Origin has a wide stakeholder engagement program and a                   Company’s risks. The Executive Leadership Team Risk, Assurance
                    dedicated investor relations function to facilitate effective two-way    and Compliance Committee is the primary executive-level risk
                    communication with investors. The Company participates in regular        governance committee at Origin. Its principal role is to enable
                    surveys to garner feedback from investors on how this function is        the CEO and Executive Leadership Team to discharge their
                    performing and can be improved. The Chair and the Chair of the           responsibilities under Origin’s Risk Management Policy and Risk
                    Remuneration, People and Culture Committee meet with investors           Management Directive. These responsibilities include:
                    and proxy advisors each year.
                                                                                             •   identifying and assigning responsibilities for strategic and
                    Website and electronic                                                       emerging risks including climate-related risks;
                    communications                                                           •   monitoring regular business unit risk-related reports and the
                                                                                                 quarterly Strategic Risk Report; and
                    Origin respects the rights of its shareholders and has adopted
                    policies to facilitate the effective exercise of those rights through    •   reviewing any escalated risks that arise within business unit
                    participation at general meetings and provision of information about         risk, assurance and compliance meetings in accordance
                    Origin and its operations.                                                   with protocols.

                    All communications from, and most communications to, Origin’s            Management reports to the Risk Committee on how material risks
                    share registry are available electronically, and shareholders are        are being managed and the effectiveness of controls in place to
                    encouraged to take up the option of e-communications.                    mitigate those risks.

                    Shareholders can review the financial and non-financial                  The Risk Committee has an annual calendar that includes regular
                    performance of Origin via ASX announcements, the annual report,          detailed risk profile reviews. The Risk Committee reviews the
                    sustainability report, investor presentations and annual general         Company’s risk management framework annually to satisfy itself
                    meeting materials. These reports are available on the ASX and on         that it continues to be sound and that the entity is operating with
                    Origin’s website. Shareholders may also request hard copies.             due regard to the risk appetite set by the Board. This includes the
                                                                                             Committee satisfying itself that the risk management framework
                    Origin’s website contains a list of key dates and all recent             deals adequately with emerging risks such as conduct risk, digital
                    announcements, presentations, past and current company reports           disruption, cyber security, privacy and data breaches, sustainability
                    and notices of meetings. Shareholder meetings and results                and climate change. Further detail on the management of climate
                    announcements are webcast and an archive of these meetings is            risk is set out below. The Risk Committee oversees the Company’s
                    published on the Company’s website.                                      insurance program, having regard to the Company’s business and
                                                                                             the associated insurable risks.
                    Annual General Meeting
                                                                                             A review of the risk management framework was completed during
                    Origin encourages shareholders to attend and participate in its AGM      the financial year and based on that review, management has
                    in person, by proxy or attorney, or by other means adopted by the        reported to, and the Risk Committee and Board are satisfied that,
                    Corporate Governance Statement
                                                                                                                                                               9




                    as at 30 June 2023, the framework is sound and Origin is operating       asset to understand and manage the environmental, economic
                    with due regard to the risk appetite set by the Board.                   and social impacts of our activities and to maximise the benefits.
                                                                                             Environmental and social risk management is subject to periodic
                    Assurance                                                                audits and assurance.
                    Origin’s approach to managing risks and controls reflects the            Climate change governance
                    ‘three lines of defence’ model. The first line of defence comprises
                    operational business managers that own and manage risks and first        Origin recognises the importance of governance to support the
                    line assurance. The second line comprises the corporate functions        consideration of climate-related risks and opportunities.
                    and embedded risk, assurance and compliance teams that oversee,
                    monitor and challenge risks. The third line comprises the Origin         Board
                    Group internal audit function that assures compliance with policies      The Board, including its committees, considers, reviews and
                    and standards.                                                           monitors climate-related risks and opportunities as part of
                                                                                             investment considerations and regular financial and operational
                    The internal audit function utilises both internal and external          performance reviews.
                    resources to provide an independent appraisal of the adequacy




For personal use only
                    and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal          The Board monitors progress on the Company’s emissions reduction
                    control systems. The Internal Audit Team has direct access to the        targets and considers climate-related risks and opportunities at least
                    chairs of the Audit, Risk and Safety & Sustainability committees         annually as part of the Company’s strategic planning process, and
                    and management and has the right to seek information. A risk-            throughout the year via consideration of business strategy.
                    based approach is used to develop the annual internal audit and          The Board also considers climate-related issues when considering
                    safety and sustainability audit plans, aligning planned internal         major strategic decisions, including acquisitions and divestments,
                    audit activities to the Company’s key areas of risk. The internal        major capital expenditure and asset closure. An example during
                    audit plans are approved by the Audit and Safety & Sustainability        the year was the decision to take a final investment decision on on
                    committees annually and reviewed regularly for the effectiveness of      the first stage of a large-scale battery at the Eraring Power Station,
                    its governance, risk management and internal control processes.          committing to an investment of approximately $600 million. As part
                    In addition to internal audit activities, first- and second-line         of that decision, the Board carefully considered the rapid transition
                    assurance activities are undertaken across the business. These           of the National Electricity Market to cleaner sources of energy, with
                    activities are reported to the relevant executive and, where             the influx of renewables and the growing need for firming capacity,
                    appropriate, relevant Board committees.                                  which batteries can provide alongside pumped hydro and gas-fired
                                                                                             peaking generation.
                    CEO/CFO sign-off
                                                                                             Other strategic topics presented to the Board included our
                    Prior to approval of the Company’s financial statements for each         renewables development strategy, our e-mobility strategy,
                    financial period, the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer give the       emerging business models and technologies in the
                    Board a declaration that, in their opinion, the financial records have   electricity transition.
                    been properly maintained, that the financial statements complied         The Board regularly invites relevant experts to present to the Board
                    with the accounting standards and gave a true and fair view, and         to help inform Directors on the development of the Company’s
                    that their opinion had been formed on the basis of a sound system        strategies. During FY2023, a number of leading global experts
                    of risk management and internal compliance and control, which was        presented external perspectives to the Board on a range of climate
                    operating effectively.                                                   and energy transition-related matters, including global hydrogen
                                                                                             strategies and trends, energy storage, electric vehicle trends in
                    External audit
                                                                                             Europe, LNG in the energy transition and electricity grids of
                    The external auditors have direct access to the Chair of the Audit       the future.
                    Committee and meet separately with the Audit Committee without           The Board is supported by its committees in the oversight of climate
                    management present.                                                      risks and opportunities. The Board Risk Committee has responsibility
                    The Committee reviews the independence of the external auditor,          for strategic and emerging sustainability-related risks, including
                    including the nature and level of non-audit services provided, and       climate change risk.
                    reports its findings to the Board every six months.                      The Safety and Sustainability Committee has oversight and
                                                                                             responsibility for the climate change related governance, target
                    Environmental, social and                                                setting and disclosures. The Safety and Sustainability Committee
                                                                                             is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on
                    governance matters                                                       Origin’s updated targets, and Origin’s climate-related disclosures,
                                                                                             including the Sustainability Report. The Safety and Sustainability
                    Beyond the financial results, Origin is witnessing changes in            Committee also has oversight on the Company’s approach to a just
                    community attitudes and increased focus on local and global              energy transition.
                    environmental and social challenges.
                                                                                             During FY2023 Origin released its Climate Transition Action Plan
                    Origin recognises the importance of environmental, social and            (CTAP), which outlines our strategy and ambition to lead the energy
                    governance (ESG) disclosures and transparent decision making to          transition and details updated targets to accelerate emissions
                    help investors assess both short- and long-term risks and prospects      reduction across our business. As part of the review and approval
                    for our business.                                                        process for the CTAP, the Safety and Sustainability Committee were
                    Origin assesses the environmental and social risks associated            provided with multiple briefings, including in detail on Origin’s new
                    with our operations and projects. Operations are managed using           emission reductions targets. An internal Due Diligence Committee,
                    policies and procedures to control remaining environmental and           comprised of senior management and chaired by the Safety and
                    social risks. Projects are developed with precautionary engineering      Sustainability Committee Chair, was also formed to oversee the
                    and management measures in place to mitigate or manage                   verification and finalisation of the CTAP. The CTAP and new
                    key environmental and social risks. We consult with our local            emissions reductions targets were approved by the Board.
                    communities and other stakeholders through the life cycle of an
                        10                                                                                             Corporate Governance Statement 2023




                    The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee is responsible           Origin’s climate change governance and management framework is
                    for setting performance targets in Origin’s remuneration framework,     depicted below.
                    and considers climate-related issues in setting those targets. In
                    FY2023, a short-term emissions reduction target was included            Climate risk management
                    within the short-term incentive plan of key executives, including
                                                                                            We consider the effect of decarbonisation on the value of our
                    the CEO, and during the year the Remuneration, People and
                                                                                            assets over the short, medium and long terms, and we recognise
                    Culture Committee was provided with quarterly updates of Origin’s
                                                                                            that climate-related impacts and opportunities must be considered
                    performance against this target.
                                                                                            across our business.
                    The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of climate-related
                                                                                            Origin actively monitors the latest global climate change science
                    financial disclosures. During the year, the Audit Committee reviewed
                                                                                            published by leading international organisations to help assess
                    Origin’s approach to climate sensitivity analysis that is included in
                                                                                            potential risks and opportunities for our portfolio. This includes
                    the FY2023 financial statements.
                                                                                            both transition and physical risks. Through our governance and
                    Management                                                              management structures we seek to manage our portfolio to be
                                                                                            resilient and to be able to adapt to the energy transition, and the




For personal use only
                    The CEO is the most senior individual with responsibility for
                                                                                            increasing expectations of our stakeholders.
                    climate-related matters. The Climate Change Forum, chaired by
                    the CEO with senior representatives from across the business with       Climate-related risks are identified, assessed and managed using
                    responsibility for climate-related matters, supports the coordinated    Origin’s Risk Management Framework in the same way as all other
                    implementation of our company-wide climate change strategy and          risks at Origin.
                    our emissions reduction targets and ambitions.
                                                                                            Within our Risk Management Framework, climate change risk is
                    Through their business unit-specific risk, assurance and compliance     considered a strategic risk for Origin and is monitored by the
                    committees, the Executive General Managers of our Integrated            CEO, supported by the management committees described above.
                    Gas, Energy Supply & Operations, Future Energy & Technology             Specific climate-related risks tend to be categorised as either
                    and Origin Zero business units are responsible for identifying,         strategic or operational risks and are identified and managed by
                    quantifying and managing climate-related risks and reporting them       the Executive Leadership Team member responsible for the relevant
                    to the relevant executive committee, the Board and the Board’s Risk     part of Origin’s business. Strategic risks are defined as internal
                    and Safety and Sustainability committees.                               or external uncertainties affecting Origin’s strategy and strategy
                                                                                            execution. Operational risks are defined as internal or external
                    The Origin Investment Committee (OIC) is comprised of Origin’s
                                                                                            uncertainties affecting Origin’s processes, people and systems.
                    Executive Leadership Team, and is responsible for the formal
                    review and approval process for Origin’s capital expenditure and        Climate change risk is a strategic risk reported in the Operating and
                    investment decisions. The OIC assesses material investments,            Financial Review of our Annual Report. Further details on our Risk
                    including against a range of climate-related scenarios.                 Management Framework can be found in Section 7 of the Operating
                                                                                            and Financial Review.
                    A climate change target was included in key executives’ short-term
                    incentive plans in FY2023. The target was defined as a percentage
                    reduction in Origin’s Scope 1 emissions from an FY2017 baseline,
                    and comprised 10 per cent of the 40 per cent non-financial targets
                    within the CEO’s short-term incentive plan.
                    Corporate Governance Statement
                                                                                                                                                                                        11




                    Sustainability Reporting
                                                                                                           Stakeholder engagement
                    Sustainability reporting is guided by the Global Reporting Initiative
                    and includes disclosures of material sustainability aspects of                         Origin’s projects and operations necessitate interaction with a
                    the Company’s business activities. Origin conducts a materiality                       range of stakeholders including local communities, business
                    assessment each year to determine the most important sustainability                    partners, government, industry, media, suppliers and non-
                    issues for our stakeholders and uses the findings to guide our                         governmental organisations (NGOs). Origin has a program to
                    sustainability reporting. Our activities also help to contribute to                    support these stakeholder interactions and facilitate constructive
                    a number of the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals,                         relationships, including:
                    which are mapped against our reporting in our Sustainability Report.
                                                                                                           •   dedicated community advisors to help facilitate and implement
                    Origin is a supporter of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force                        Origin’s engagement with local communities and maintain
                    on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and commenced                              regular dialogue with the communities in which Origin operates;
                    implementing the recommendations of the TCFD in FY2018.                                •   a government relations team that regularly interacts with policy
                    FY2023 disclosures incorporating the recommendations of the                                makers to help develop sound and stable policy to enhance




For personal use only
                    TCFD are contained within this Corporate Governance Statement, in                          business certainty;
                    our Annual Report, our Sustainability Report, and our TCFD Index,
                                                                                                           •   a dedicated external affairs team with regular interaction with
                    which is found at originenergy.com.au/sustainability-reports.
                                                                                                               media and NGOs to create a better understanding of Origin’s
                    Origin also discloses emissions according to the National                                  business, priorities and progress; and
                    Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth). Origin regularly
                                                                                                           •   contributions to the formulation of public policy, which we make
                    engages with and provides requested information to research firms.
                                                                                                               through submissions on a range of legislation and reviews.
                    Origin continued to be included in the FSTE4Good Index1 and
                    received a rating of A (on a scale of AAA-CCC) in the MSCI Ratings                     We measure the Company’s reputation (that is, how we are
                    assessment during the period.2                                                         perceived by Australians, including shareholders) using the
                                                                                                           RepTrak® methodology. Origin’s reputation performance and
                    Further information on Origin’s management and performance in
                                                                                                           reputation risk issues are periodically reported to the Board.
                    the social and environmental aspects of operating its business,
                    including further details on its emissions reduction targets and                       In addition to reputation measurement through RepTrak®, Origin also
                    strategy, is contained in the 2023 Sustainability Report.                              engages external service providers to provide real-time monitoring
                                                                                                           of mainstream and social media to evaluate the external operating
                    Origin’s FY2023 financial statements also contain disclosure on the
                                                                                                           environment and ensure emerging risks, issues and shifting public
                    Company’s strategy and climate change risks including presenting a
                                                                                                           and policy debates are identified and addressed accordingly.
                    quantified climate analysis and climate scenarios consistent with the
                                                                                                           Quarterly quantitative and qualitative mainstream media analysis
                    Paris Agreement to limit average temperature rise to 1.5oC.
                                                                                                           is undertaken to better understand external trends, sentiment and
                    Customers                                                                              key public influencers.
                                                                                                           These insights influence and inform Origin’s external affairs and
                    Customers are a central part of Origin’s engagement, innovation and
                                                                                                           stakeholder engagement strategies, as well as customer-facing
                    value creation. Origin continues to adapt processes, introduce new
                                                                                                           positioning and community engagement programs.
                    products and invest in technology to provide customers with greater
                    choice, better value and an improved customer experience. Our                          Further information on Origin’s approach to stakeholder
                    2023 Sustainability Report provides further information on Origin’s                    engagement can be found in the Sustainability Report.
                    interaction with its customers.                                                        Origin’s approach to industry association memberships can also be
                                                                                                           found in the Sustainability Report and on Origin's website.
                                                                                                           Information referred to in this Corporate Governance Statement as
                                                                                                           being on the Company’s website may be found at the web address:
                                                                                                           originenergy.com.au/governance.




                    1
                        Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong ESG practices.
                        The FTSE4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
                    2
                        The use by Origin Energy of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (MSCI) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do
                        not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Origin Energy by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information
                        providers, and are provided as-is and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
                    Directory

                    Registered Office
                    Level 32, Tower 1
                    100 Barangaroo Avenue
                    Barangaroo, NSW 2000

                    GPO Box 5376
                    Sydney NSW 2001

                    T (02) 8345 5000
                    F (02) 9252 9244

                    originenergy.com.au
                    enquiry@originenergy.com.au


                    Secretary
                    Helen Hardy


                    Share Registry




For personal use only
                    Boardroom Pty Limited
                    Level 8, 210 George Street
                    Sydney NSW 2000

                    GPO Box 3993
                    Sydney NSW 2001

                    T Australia 1300 664 446
                    T International (+61 2) 8016 2896
                    F (02) 9279 0664

                    boardroomlimited.com.au
                    origin@boardroomlimited.com.au


                    Auditor
                    EY


                    Further information about Origin’s
                    performance can be found on our website:

                    originenergy.com.au
                                                                                                                                 Rules 4.7.3 and 4.10.3

                                                                            Appendix 4G
                                                                      Key to Disclosures
                          Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations
                        Name of entity

                        Origin Energy Limited


                        ABN/ARBN                                                                                  Financial year ended:

                        30 000 051 696                                                                            30 June 2023


                        Our corporate governance statement 1 for the period above can be found at: 2

                           ☐       These pages of our annual report:




For personal use only
                                   This URL on our website: https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/
                           ☒

                        The Corporate Governance Statement is accurate and up to date as at 17 August 2023 and has been
                        approved by the board. The annexure includes a key to where our corporate governance disclosures
                        can be located. 3


                        Date: 17 August 2023




                        Helen Hardy
                        Company Secretary


                        1 “Corporate governance statement” is defined in Listing Rule 19.12 to mean the statement referred to in Listing Rule 4.10.3 which
                        discloses the extent to which an entity has followed the recommendations set by the ASX Corporate Governance Council during
                        a particular reporting period.
                        Listing Rule 4.10.3 requires an entity that is included in the official list as an ASX Listing to include in its annual report either a
                        corporate governance statement that meets the requirements of that rule or the URL of the page on its website where such a
                        statement is located. The corporate governance statement must disclose the extent to which the entity has followed the
                        recommendations set by the ASX Corporate Governance Council during the reporting period. If the entity has not followed a
                        recommendation for any part of the reporting period, its corporate governance statement must separately identify that
                        recommendation and the period during which it was not followed and state its reasons for not following the recommendation and
                        what (if any) alternative governance practices it adopted in lieu of the recommendation during that period.
                        Under Listing Rule 4.7.4, if an entity chooses to include its corporate governance statement on its website rather than in its annual
                        report, it must lodge a copy of the corporate governance statement with ASX at the same time as it lodges its annual report with
                        ASX. The corporate governance statement must be current as at the effective date specified in that statement for the purposes of
                        Listing Rule 4.10.3.
                        Under Listing Rule 4.7.3, an entity must also lodge with ASX a completed Appendix 4G at the same time as it lodges its annual
                        report with ASX. The Appendix 4G serves a dual purpose. It acts as a key designed to assist readers to locate the governance
                        disclosures made by a listed entity under Listing Rule 4.10.3 and under the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s
                        recommendations. It also acts as a verification tool for listed entities to confirm that they have met the disclosure requirements of
                        Listing Rule 4.10.3.
                        The Appendix 4G is not a substitute for, and is not to be confused with, the entity's corporate governance statement. They serve
                        different purposes and an entity must produce each of them separately.
                        2 Tick whichever option is correct and then complete the page number(s) of the annual report, or the URL of the web page, where
                        your corporate governance statement can be found. You can, if you wish, delete the option which is not applicable.
                        3 Throughout this form, where you are given two or more options to select, you can, if you wish, delete any option which is not
                        applicable and just retain the option that is applicable. If you select an option that includes “OR” at the end of the selection and
                        you delete the other options, you can also, if you wish, delete the “OR” at the end of the selection.
                        See notes 4 and 5 below for further instructions on how to complete this form.

                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                           Page 1
                                                                                                                                                                                               Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                            Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                        ANNEXURE – KEY TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES

                            Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                   Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the              Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                          recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We     recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                          have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:       reasons for not doing so are: 5
                            PRINCIPLE 1 – LAY SOLID FOUNDATIONS FOR MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT
                            1.1     A listed entity should have and disclose a board charter setting




For personal use only
                                                                                                          ☒                                                                ☐     set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                    out:                                                                  and we have disclosed a copy of our board charter at:            ☐     we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                    (a) the respective roles and responsibilities of its board and        https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-                                    is therefore not applicable
                                           management; and                                                content/uploads/board_charter_jan2020.pdf
                                    (b) those matters expressly reserved to the board and those
                                           delegated to management.
                            1.2     A listed entity should:                                               ☒                                                                ☐     set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                    (a) undertake appropriate checks before appointing a director or                                                                       ☐     we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                           senior executive or putting someone forward for election as                                                                           is therefore not applicable
                                           a director; and
                                    (b) provide security holders with all material information in its
                                           possession relevant to a decision on whether or not to elect
                                           or re-elect a director.
                            1.3     A listed entity should have a written agreement with each director    ☒                                                                ☐     set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                    and senior executive setting out the terms of their appointment.
                                                                                                                                                                           ☐     we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                                                                                                                                                                 is therefore not applicable
                            1.4     The company secretary of a listed entity should be accountable        ☒                                                                ☐     set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                    directly to the board, through the chair, on all matters to do with
                                                                                                                                                                           ☐     we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                    the proper functioning of the board.
                                                                                                                                                                                 is therefore not applicable




                        4
                          Tick the box in this column only if you have followed the relevant recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Where the recommendation has a disclosure obligation attached, you must insert
                        the location where that disclosure has been made, where indicated by the line with “insert location” underneath. If the disclosure in question has been made in your corporate governance statement, you
                        need only insert “our corporate governance statement”. If the disclosure has been made in your annual report, you should insert the page number(s) of your annual report (eg “pages 10-12 of our annual
                        report”). If the disclosure has been made on your website, you should insert the URL of the web page where the disclosure has been made or can be accessed (eg “www.entityname.com.au/corporate
                        governance/charters/”).
                        5
                            If you have followed all of the Council’s recommendations in full for the whole of the period above, you can, if you wish, delete this column from the form and re-format it.


                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                     Page 2
                                                                                                                                                                                             Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                          Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                   Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                      Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                       recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We             recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                       have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:               reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         1.5     A listed entity should:                                               ☒                                                                        ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                 (a) have and disclose a diversity policy;                             and we have disclosed a copy of our diversity policy at:                 ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                 (b) through its board or a committee of the board set                 https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-                                           is therefore not applicable
                                        measurable objectives for achieving gender diversity in the    content/uploads/Diversity_Inclusion_Policy_2020.pdf




For personal use only
                                        composition of its board, senior executives and workforce
                                        generally; and
                                 (c) disclose in relation to each reporting period:                    and we have disclosed the information referred to in paragraph (c)
                                                                                                       at:
                                         (1) the measurable objectives set for that period to
                                                achieve gender diversity;                              2023 Corporate Governance Statement
                                                                                                       https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/
                                         (2) the entity’s progress towards achieving those
                                                objectives; and
                                         (3) either:                                                   and if we were included in the S&P / ASX 300 Index at the
                                                                                                       commencement of the reporting period our measurable objective for
                                               (A) the respective proportions of men and women         achieving gender diversity in the composition of our board of not less
                                                     on the board, in senior executive positions and   than 30% of directors of each gender within a specified period.
                                                     across the whole workforce (including how the
                                                     entity has defined “senior executive” for these
                                                     purposes); or
                                               (B) if the entity is a “relevant employer” under the
                                                     Workplace Gender Equality Act, the entity’s
                                                     most recent “Gender Equality Indicators”, as
                                                     defined in and published under that Act.
                                 If the entity was in the S&P / ASX 300 Index at the
                                 commencement of the reporting period, the measurable objective
                                 for achieving gender diversity in the composition of its board
                                 should be to have not less than 30% of its directors of each
                                 gender within a specified period.




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                         Page 3
                                                                                                                                                                                       Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                    Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                               Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                 Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                   recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We        recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                   have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:          reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         1.6     A listed entity should:                                           ☒                                                                   ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                 (a) have and disclose a process for periodically evaluating the   and we have disclosed the evaluation process referred to in         ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                        performance of the board, its committees and individual    paragraph (a) at:                                                        is therefore not applicable
                                        directors; and
                                                                                                   “Performance Review” section of the 2023 Corporate Governance




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                                   https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/

                                 (b)   disclose for each reporting period whether a performance    and whether a performance evaluation was undertaken for the
                                       evaluation has been undertaken in accordance with that      reporting period in accordance with that process at:
                                       process during or in respect of that period.
                                                                                                   “Performance Review” section of the 2023 Corporate Governance
                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                                   https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                Page 4
                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                           Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                     Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                  Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                         recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We         recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                         have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:           reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         1.7     A listed entity should:                                                 ☒                                                                    ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                 (a) have and disclose a process for evaluating the performance          and we have disclosed the evaluation process referred to in          ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                        of its senior executives at least once every reporting period;   paragraph (a) at:                                                         is therefore not applicable
                                        and
                                                                                                         “Performance Review” section of the 2023 Corporate Governance




For personal use only
                                                                                                         Statement
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/
                                                                                                         and
                                 (b)   disclose for each reporting period whether a performance          “Company performance and remuneration outcomes” section of the
                                       evaluation has been undertaken in accordance with that            2023 Remuneration Report contained as part of the Directors’
                                       process during or in respect of that period.                      Report
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                                                                                         and-reports/

                                                                                                         and whether a performance evaluation was undertaken for the
                                                                                                         reporting period in accordance with that process at:
                                                                                                         “Performance Review” section of the 2023 Corporate Governance
                                                                                                         Statement
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/
                                                                                                         and
                                                                                                         “Company performance and remuneration outcomes” section of the
                                                                                                         2023 Remuneration Report contained as part of the Directors’
                                                                                                         Report
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                                                                                         and-reports/




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                       Page 5
                                                                                                                                                                                            Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                         Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                  Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                    Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                      recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We           recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                      have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:             reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         PRINCIPLE 2 - STRUCTURE THE BOARD TO BE EFFECTIVE AND ADD VALUE
                         2.1       The board of a listed entity should:                               ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   (a) have a nomination committee which:                             and we have disclosed a copy of the charter of the committee at:       ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation




For personal use only
                                        (1) has at least three members, a majority of whom are        https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-                                         is therefore not applicable
                                              independent directors; and                              content/uploads/Nom_Charter_2021.pdf
                                        (2) is chaired by an independent director,
                                        and disclose:
                                        (3) the charter of the committee;                             and the information referred to in paragraphs (4) and (5) at:
                                        (4) the members of the committee; and                         “Board of Directors’” and “Directors’ Meetings” sections of the 2023
                                        (5) as at the end of each reporting period, the number        Annual Report and Directors’ Report respectively.
                                              of times the committee met throughout the period        https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                              and the individual attendances of the members at        and-reports/
                                              those meetings; or

                                   (b)   if it does not have a nomination committee, disclose that
                                         fact and the processes it employs to address board           N/A
                                         succession issues and to ensure that the board has the
                                         appropriate balance of skills, knowledge, experience,
                                         independence and diversity to enable it to discharge its
                                         duties and responsibilities effectively.
                         2.2       A listed entity should have and disclose a board skills matrix     ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   setting out the mix of skills that the board currently has or is
                                                                                                      and we have disclosed our board skills matrix at:                      ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                   looking to achieve in its membership.
                                                                                                      “Board and Committees” Section of the 2023 Corporate Governance             is therefore not applicable
                                                                                                      Statement
                                                                                                      https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                      Page 6
                                                                                                                                                                                             Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                          Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                   Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                   Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                       recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We          recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                       have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:            reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         2.3       A listed entity should disclose:                                    ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) the names of the directors considered by the board to be        and we have disclosed the names of the directors considered by the
                                          independent directors;                                       board to be independent directors at:
                                                                                                       “Directors” section of the 2023 Directors Report




For personal use only
                                                                                                       https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                                                                                       and-reports/


                                   (b)   if a director has an interest, position, affiliation or       and, where applicable, the information referred to in paragraph (b)
                                         relationship of the type described in Box 2.3 but the board   at:
                                         is of the opinion that it does not compromise the             N/A
                                         independence of the director, the nature of the interest,
                                         position or relationship in question and an explanation of
                                         why the board is of that opinion; and

                                   (c)   the length of service of each director.                       and the length of service of each director at:
                                                                                                       “Board of Directors” and Directors’ Report sections of the 2023
                                                                                                       Annual Report
                                                                                                       https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                                                                                       and-reports/
                         2.4       A majority of the board of a listed entity should be independent    ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   directors.
                                                                                                                                                                             ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                                                                                                                                                                  is therefore not applicable
                         2.5       The chair of the board of a listed entity should be an              ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   independent director and, in particular, should not be the same
                                                                                                                                                                             ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                   person as the CEO of the entity.
                                                                                                                                                                                  is therefore not applicable
                         2.6       A listed entity should have a program for inducting new             ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   directors and for periodically reviewing whether there is a need
                                                                                                                                                                             ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                   for existing directors to undertake professional development to
                                                                                                                                                                                  is therefore not applicable
                                   maintain the skills and knowledge needed to perform their role
                                   as directors effectively.




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                      Page 7
                                                                                                                                                                                        Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                     Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                               Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                 Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                   recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We        recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                   have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:          reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         PRINCIPLE 3 – INSTIL A CULTURE OF ACTING LAWFULLY, ETHICALLY AND RESPONSIBLY
                         3.1       A listed entity should articulate and disclose its values.      ☒                                                                   ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                                                                                   and we have disclosed our values at:




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Code of Conduct
                                                                                                   https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-
                                                                                                   content/uploads/Code_of_conduct_2021.pdf


                         3.2       A listed entity should:                                         ☒                                                                   ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) have and disclose a code of conduct for its directors,      and we have disclosed our code of conduct at:
                                          senior executives and employees; and
                                                                                                   https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-
                                   (b) ensure that the board or a committee of the board is        content/uploads/Code_of_conduct_2021.pdf
                                          informed of any material breaches of that code.

                         3.3       A listed entity should:                                         ☒                                                                   ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) have and disclose a whistleblower policy; and               and we have disclosed our whistleblower policy at:
                                   (b) ensure that the board or a committee of the board is        https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-content/uploads/whistleblower-
                                          informed of any material incidents reported under that   policy.pdf
                                          policy.

                         3.4       A listed entity should:                                         ☒                                                                   ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) have and disclose an anti-bribery and corruption policy;    and we have disclosed our anti-bribery and corruption policy at:
                                          and
                                                                                                   https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-content/uploads/anti-bribery-
                                   (b) ensure that the board or committee of the board is          and-corruption-policy.pdf
                                          informed of any material breaches of that policy.




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                Page 8
                                                                                                                                                                                               Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                            Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                     Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                    Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                         recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We           recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                         have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:             reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         PRINCIPLE 4 – SAFEGUARD THE INTEGRITY OF CORPORATE REPORTS
                         4.1       The board of a listed entity should:                                  ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) have an audit committee which:                                    and we have disclosed a copy of the charter of the committee at:




For personal use only
                                        (1) has at least three members, all of whom are non-             https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-
                                               executive directors and a majority of whom are            content/uploads/Audit_Charter_2021.pdf
                                               independent directors; and
                                        (2) is chaired by an independent director, who is not
                                               the chair of the board,
                                        and disclose:
                                        (3) the charter of the committee;
                                        (4) the relevant qualifications and experience of the
                                               members of the committee; and
                                        (5) in relation to each reporting period, the number of          and the information referred to in paragraphs (4) and (5) at:
                                               times the committee met throughout the period and         “Board of Directors’” and “Directors’ Meetings” sections of the 2023
                                               the individual attendances of the members at those        Annual Report and Directors’ Report respectively.
                                               meetings; or                                              https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                   (b) if it does not have an audit committee, disclose that fact        and-reports/
                                        and the processes it employs that independently verify
                                        and safeguard the integrity of its corporate reporting,
                                        including the processes for the appointment and removal
                                        of the external auditor and the rotation of the audit            N/A
                                        engagement partner.
                         4.2       The board of a listed entity should, before it approves the           ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   entity’s financial statements for a financial period, receive from
                                   its CEO and CFO a declaration that, in their opinion, the
                                   financial records of the entity have been properly maintained
                                   and that the financial statements comply with the appropriate
                                   accounting standards and give a true and fair view of the
                                   financial position and performance of the entity and that the
                                   opinion has been formed on the basis of a sound system of risk
                                   management and internal control which is operating effectively.
                         4.3       A listed entity should disclose its process to verify the integrity   ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   of any periodic corporate report it releases to the market that is
                                   not audited or reviewed by an external auditor.




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                         Page 9
                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                           Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                     Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                   Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                         recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We          recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                         have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:            reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         PRINCIPLE 5 – MAKE TIMELY AND BALANCED DISCLOSURE
                         5.1       A listed entity should have and disclose a written policy for         ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   complying with its continuous disclosure obligations under
                                   listing rule 3.1.                                                     and we have disclosed our continuous disclosure compliance policy




For personal use only
                                                                                                         at:
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-
                                                                                                         content/uploads/continuous_disclosure_policy.pdf


                         5.2       A listed entity should ensure that its board receives copies of all   ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   material market announcements promptly after they have been
                                   made.
                         5.3       A listed entity that gives a new and substantive investor or          ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   analyst presentation should release a copy of the presentation
                                   materials on the ASX Market Announcements Platform ahead
                                   of the presentation.
                         PRINCIPLE 6 – RESPECT THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS
                         6.1       A listed entity should provide information about itself and its       ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   governance to investors via its website.
                                                                                                         and we have disclosed information about us and our governance on
                                                                                                         our website at:
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/


                         6.2       A listed entity should have an investor relations program that        ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   facilitates effective two-way communication with investors.
                         6.3       A listed entity should disclose how it facilitates and encourages     ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   participation at meetings of security holders.
                                                                                                         and we have disclosed how we facilitate and encourage participation
                                                                                                         at meetings of security holders at:
                                                                                                         “Shareholders” section of the 2023 Corporate Governance
                                                                                                         Statement
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/
                         6.4       A listed entity should ensure that all substantive resolutions at a   ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   meeting of security holders are decided by a poll rather than by
                                   a show of hands.



                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                        Page 10
                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                           Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                    Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                    Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                        recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We           recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                        have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:             reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         6.5       A listed entity should give security holders the option to receive   ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   communications from, and send communications to, the entity
                                   and its security registry electronically.
                         PRINCIPLE 7 – RECOGNISE AND MANAGE RISK




For personal use only
                         7.1       The board of a listed entity should:                                 ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) have a committee or committees to oversee risk, each of          and we have disclosed a copy of the charter of the committee at:
                                        which:
                                                                                                        https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-
                                        (1) has at least three members, a majority of whom are          content/uploads/Risk_Charter_2021.pdf
                                              independent directors; and
                                        (2) is chaired by an independent director,
                                        and disclose:
                                        (3) the charter of the committee;
                                        (4) the members of the committee; and
                                                                                                        and the information referred to in paragraphs (4) and (5) at:
                                        (5) as at the end of each reporting period, the number
                                              of times the committee met throughout the period          “Board of Directors’” and “Directors’ Meetings” sections of the 2023
                                              and the individual attendances of the members at          Annual Report and Directors’ Report respectively.
                                              those meetings; or                                        https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                                                                                        and-reports/


                                   (b)   if it does not have a risk committee or committees that
                                         satisfy (a) above, disclose that fact and the processes it     N/A
                                         employs for overseeing the entity’s risk management
                                         framework.
                         7.2       The board or a committee of the board should:                        ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) review the entity’s risk management framework at least           and we have disclosed whether a review of the entity’s risk
                                        annually to satisfy itself that it continues to be sound and    management framework was undertaken during the reporting period
                                        that the entity is operating with due regard to the risk        at:
                                        appetite set by the board; and
                                                                                                        “Risk & Assurance” section of the 2023 Corporate Governance
                                   (b) disclose, in relation to each reporting period, whether          Statement
                                        such a review has taken place.
                                                                                                        https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                        Page 11
                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                           Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                     Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                   Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                         recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We          recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                         have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:            reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         7.3       A listed entity should disclose:                                      ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (a) if it has an internal audit function, how the function is         and we have disclosed how our internal audit function is structured
                                          structured and what role it performs; or                       and what role it performs at:
                                                                                                         “Risk & Assurance” section of the 2023 Corporate Governance




For personal use only
                                                                                                         Statement
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/
                                   (b)   if it does not have an internal audit function, that fact and
                                         the processes it employs for evaluating and continually         N/A
                                         improving the effectiveness of its governance, risk
                                         management and internal control processes.
                         7.4       A listed entity should disclose whether it has any material           ☒                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   exposure to environmental or social risks and, if it does, how it
                                   manages or intends to manage those risks.                             and we have disclosed whether we have any material exposure to
                                                                                                         environmental and social risks at:
                                                                                                         “Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) matters” section of
                                                                                                         the 2023 Corporate Governance Statement,
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/
                                                                                                         and, if we do, how we manage or intend to manage those risks at:
                                                                                                         “Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) matters” section of
                                                                                                         the 2023 Corporate Governance Statement,
                                                                                                         https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/governance/




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                        Page 12
                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                           Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                    Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                    Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                        recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We           recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                        have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:             reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         PRINCIPLE 8 – REMUNERATE FAIRLY AND RESPONSIBLY
                         8.1       The board of a listed entity should:                                 ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   (a) have a remuneration committee which:                             and we have disclosed a copy of the charter of the committee at:       ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation




For personal use only
                                        (1) has at least three members, a majority of whom are          https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-                                         is therefore not applicable
                                              independent directors; and                                content/uploads/RPC_Charter_2021.pdf
                                        (2) is chaired by an independent director,
                                        and disclose:
                                        (3) the charter of the committee;
                                        (4) the members of the committee; and                           and the information referred to in paragraphs (4) and (5) at:
                                        (5) as at the end of each reporting period, the number          “Board of Directors’” and “Directors’ Meetings” sections of the 2023
                                              of times the committee met throughout the period          Annual Report and Directors’ Report respectively.
                                              and the individual attendances of the members at
                                              those meetings; or                                        https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                                                                                        and-reports/

                                   (b)   if it does not have a remuneration committee, disclose
                                         that fact and the processes it employs for setting the level
                                         and composition of remuneration for directors and senior       N/A
                                         executives and ensuring that such remuneration is
                                         appropriate and not excessive.
                         8.2       A listed entity should separately disclose its policies and          ☒                                                                      ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   practices regarding the remuneration of non-executive directors
                                                                                                        and we have disclosed separately our remuneration policies and         ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                   and the remuneration of executive directors and other senior
                                                                                                        practices regarding the remuneration of non-executive directors and         is therefore not applicable
                                   executives.
                                                                                                        the remuneration of executive directors and other senior executives
                                                                                                        at:
                                                                                                        2023 Remuneration Report contained as part of the Directors’
                                                                                                        Report
                                                                                                        https://www.originenergy.com.au/about/investors-media/tag/results-
                                                                                                        and-reports/




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                       Page 13
                                                                                                                                                                                             Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                          Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                   Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                     Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                       recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We            recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                       have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:              reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         8.3       A listed entity which has an equity-based remuneration scheme       ☒                                                                       ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   should:
                                                                                                       and we have disclosed our policy on this issue or a summary of it at:   ☐    we do not have an equity-based remuneration scheme and
                                   (a) have a policy on whether participants are permitted to                                                                                       this recommendation is therefore not applicable OR
                                          enter into transactions (whether through the use of          Dealing in Securities Policy
                                                                                                                                                                               ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation




For personal use only
                                          derivatives or otherwise) which limit the economic risk of   https://www.originenergy.com.au/wp-
                                          participating in the scheme; and                             content/uploads/dealing_in_securities.pdf                                    is therefore not applicable
                                   (b) disclose that policy or a summary of it.
                         ADDITIONAL RECOMMENDATIONS THAT APPLY ONLY IN CERTAIN CASES
                         9.1       A listed entity with a director who does not speak the language     ☐                                                                       ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   in which board or security holder meetings are held or key
                                                                                                       and we have disclosed information about the processes in place at:      ☒    we do not have a director in this position and this
                                   corporate documents are written should disclose the processes
                                                                                                       ………………………………………………………………………                                                  recommendation is therefore not applicable OR
                                   it has in place to ensure the director understands and can
                                   contribute to the discussions at those meetings and                 [insert location]                                                       ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                   understands and can discharge their obligations in relation to                                                                                   is therefore not applicable
                                   those documents.
                         9.2       A listed entity established outside Australia should ensure that    ☐                                                                       ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   meetings of security holders are held at a reasonable place and
                                                                                                                                                                               ☒    we are established in Australia and this recommendation is
                                   time.
                                                                                                                                                                                    therefore not applicable OR
                                                                                                                                                                               ☐    we are an externally managed entity and this recommendation
                                                                                                                                                                                    is therefore not applicable
                         9.3       A listed entity established outside Australia, and an externally    ☐                                                                       ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement OR
                                   managed listed entity that has an AGM, should ensure that its
                                                                                                                                                                               ☒    we are established in Australia and not an externally managed
                                   external auditor attends its AGM and is available to answer
                                                                                                                                                                                    listed entity and this recommendation is therefore not
                                   questions from security holders relevant to the audit.
                                                                                                                                                                                    applicable
                                                                                                                                                                               ☐    we are an externally managed entity that does not hold an
                                                                                                                                                                                    AGM and this recommendation is therefore not applicable




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                              Page 14
                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4G
                                                                                                                           Key to Disclosures Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations


                         Corporate Governance Council recommendation                                     Where a box below is ticked, 4 we have followed the                   Where a box below is ticked, we have NOT followed the
                                                                                                         recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. We          recommendation in full for the whole of the period above. Our
                                                                                                         have disclosed this in our Corporate Governance Statement:            reasons for not doing so are: 5
                         ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES APPLICABLE TO EXTERNALLY MANAGED LISTED ENTITIES
                         -         Alternative to Recommendation 1.1 for externally managed              ☐                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   listed entities:
                                                                                                         and we have disclosed the information referred to in paragraphs (a)
                                   The responsible entity of an externally managed listed entity




For personal use only
                                                                                                         and (b) at:
                                   should disclose:
                                                                                                         ……………………………………………………………………………..
                                   (a) the arrangements between the responsible entity and the           [insert location]
                                          listed entity for managing the affairs of the listed entity;
                                          and
                                   (b) the role and responsibility of the board of the responsible
                                          entity for overseeing those arrangements.
                         -         Alternative to Recommendations 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 for externally        ☐                                                                     ☐    set out in our Corporate Governance Statement
                                   managed listed entities:
                                                                                                         and we have disclosed the terms governing our remuneration as
                                   An externally managed listed entity should clearly disclose the       manager of the entity at:
                                   terms governing the remuneration of the manager.
                                                                                                         ……………………………………………………………………………..
                                                                                                         [insert location]




                        ASX Listing Rules Appendix 4G (current at 17/7/2020)                                                                                                                                                        Page 15
