                          To            Company Announcements Office                                  Facsimile    1300 135 638

                          Company       ASX Limited                                                   Date         13 August 2026

                          From          Helen Hardy                                                   Pages        222

                          Subject       Full Year Results – Financial Year Ended 30 June 2026


                        We attach the following documents relating to Origin Energy’s Results for the full-year ended
                        30 June 2026:




For personal use only
                            1. Appendix 4E;
                            2. Annual Report.

                        Authorised for lodgement by:




                        Helen Hardy
                        Company Secretary
                        02 8345 5000




                                     Origin Energy Limited ABN 30 000 051 696 • Level 32, Tower 1, 100 Barangaroo Avenue, Barangaroo, NSW 2000
                                    GPO Box 5376, Sydney NSW 2001 • Telephone (02) 8345 5000 • Facsimile (02) 9252 9244• www.originenergy.com.au
                    Appendix 4E




                    Appendix 4E



                    Origin Energy Limited and its Controlled Entities

                    Results for announcement to the market
                    30 June 2026
                                                                                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                        Total Group Revenue ($m)                                                                down                            10%                15,569                  17,224
                        Profit for the year attributable to members of the parent entity ($m)                     up                             6%                  1,574                  1,481




For personal use only
                        Net tangible asset backing per ordinary security(1)                                     down                             7%                  $3.77                 $4.05



                                                                                                                                                                              Franked amount
                                                                                                                                                                                per security
                                                                                                                                                           Amount                at 30 per
                        Dividends                                                                                                                        per security             cent tax
                        Final dividend determined subsequent to 30 June 2026                                                                                30 cents              30 cents
                        Previous corresponding year (30 June 2025)                                                                                          30 cents              30 cents
                        Record date for determining entitlements to the dividend                                                3 September 2026
                        Dividend payment date                                                                                   2 October 2026

                    (1) The calculation of net tangible assets excludes lease related right-of-use assets of $1,080 million (2025: $413 million), categorised under Property, Plant & Equipment on
                        the Balance Sheet, as these are not considered tangible in nature.


                    Brief explanation of any of the figures reported above or other item(s) of importance not previously released to the market.

                    Refer to the attached Directors' Report and Operating and Financial Review for explanations.

                    Discussion and analysis of the results for the year ended 30 June 2026.

                    Refer to the attached Directors' Report and Operating and Financial Review for commentary.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     1
For personal use only


                        Annual Report


                        2026
For personal use only
                    Contents




                               Contents

                               A message from Scott and Frank         6

                               About Origin                           8

                               Where We Operate                       9




For personal use only
                               Board of Directors                    10

                               Executive Leadership Team             12

                               Corporate Governance Statement        14

                               Operating and Financial Review        21

                               Directors’ Report                     61

                               Remuneration Report                   65

                               Lead Auditor’s                        88
                               Independence Declaration

                               Financial Statements                  89

                               Sustainability Report                157

                               Environmental, Social and            193
                               Governance Report

                               Share and Shareholder Information    203

                               Exploration and Production Permits   207
                               and Data

                               Annual Reserves Report               208

                               Five-year Financial History          213

                               Glossary and Interpretation          215
                                                                          3
For personal use only
                    Important information




                    FO R WARD LO OKING S T AT E ME NT S
                    This Annual Report contains forward looking statements, including statements of current intention, statements of opinion and predictions
                    as to possible future events and future financial prospects. Such statements are not statements of fact, they are based on management’s
                    current expectations and reflect judgements, assumptions, estimates and other information available as at the date of this document
                    and/or the date of Origin’s planning processes.

                    Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as, ‘expect’, ‘anticipate’, ‘likely’, ‘intend’,
                    ‘could’, ‘may’, ‘predict’, ‘plan’, ‘propose’, ‘will’, ‘believe’, ‘forecast’, ‘estimate’, ‘target’, ‘outlook’, ‘guidance’, ‘goal’, ‘ambition’ and other similar
                    expressions and include, but are not limited to, forecast EBIT and EBITDA, free cash flow, operating cash flow, distribution guidance
                    and estimated asset life. Some of these expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements that discuss future expectations
                    concerning sustainability, including climate change and energy transition scenarios and outcomes.

                    A range of factors could cause the actual outcomes to be materially different from the statements Origin has made and these factors
                    are not all within the control of Origin. These variables include but are not limited to: price or currency fluctuations, demand for
                    electricity and gas, economic conditions, receipt of development approvals, changes associated with the pace of the energy market




For personal use only
                    transition, government and regulatory intervention, technological development, geopolitical factors, industry competition, environmental
                    and climate-related risks and social licence.

                    This Annual Report also discusses scenario analysis. There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which,
                    if any, of the scenarios might eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes or probabilities, and scenario analysis relies on
                    assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not eventuate. Scenarios may also be impacted by additional
                    factors to the assumptions disclosed.

                    Forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report do not represent guarantees, assurances or predictions of future events or
                    performance. Origin cannot predict whether any forward-looking statements, or any assumptions on which they are based, will eventuate.
                    Except as required by applicable law, Origin does not undertake to publicly update any forward looking statements. Statements about past
                    performance are not necessarily indicative of future performance.

                    TH I R D-PARTY INFORM AT I O N
                    Certain information used in this report has been obtained from research, surveys or studies conducted by third parties, including industry
                    or general publications. While Origin believes that this information is reliable and has been prepared by a reputable source, Origin has not
                    sought to independently verify market or industry data obtained from public and third-party sources except where otherwise indicated.

                    NO N-IFRS F INANC I AL M E A SU R E S
                    This OFR and Directors’ Report refers to Origin’s financial results, including Origin’s Statutory Profit and Underlying Profit. Origin’s
                    Statutory Profit contains a number of items that when excluded provide a different perspective on the financial and operational
                    performance of the business. Income Statement amounts, presented on an underlying basis such as Underlying Profit, are non-IFRS
                    financial measures, and exclude the impact of these items consistent with the manner in which senior management reviews the financial
                    and operating performance of the business. Each underlying measure disclosed has been adjusted to remove the impact of these items on
                    a consistent basis. A reconciliation and description of the items that contribute to the difference between Statutory Profit and Underlying
                    Profit is provided in Section 4.1 of this OFR.

                    Certain other non-IFRS financial measures are also included in this OFR. These non-IFRS financial measures are used internally by
                    management to assess the performance of Origin’s business and make decisions on allocation of resources. Further information regarding
                    the non-IFRS financial measures is included in the Glossary of this OFR. Non-IFRS financial measures have not been subject to
                    audit or review. Certain comparative amounts from the prior corresponding period have been re-presented to conform to the current
                    period's presentation.

                    EMI SSIONS DATA
                    Origin reports its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions under the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act, 2007 (NGER).1 Origin
                    calculates Scope 3 emissions based on the Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting
                    Standard2 and Scope 3 guidance documents.3

                    Due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in measuring emissions under the calculation methodologies used in the preparation of
                    such data, all emissions data or references to emissions volumes (including ratios or percentages) in this presentation are estimates. Where
                    data is not available due to timing, Origin applies a reasonable estimation methodology. Where applicable, Origin revises prior year data to
                    update prior estimates and align with external reporting requirements such as NGER.

                    COMP LIANC E MATT ER S
                    Certain entities within the Group (and joint venture entities such as APLNG) are subject to various court proceedings and claims as well as
                    audits and reviews by government, regulatory bodies or other joint venture partners. In some cases regulatory breaches are self-reported
                    to the applicable regulator. In most instances, it is not possible to reasonably predict the outcome of these matters or their impact on
                    the Group.




                    1
                        National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (cleanenergyregulator.gov.au).
                    2
                        Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard | Greenhouse Gas Protocol (ghgprotocol.org).
                    3
                        Scope 3 Calculation Guidance | Greenhouse Gas Protocol (ghgprotocol.org).
                                                                                                                                                                                     5
                                                                                                            Annual Report




                    A message from Scott and Frank



                                                   We are pleased to present to you
                                                   our 2026 Annual Report
                                                   In FY26, Origin delivered a solid full-year result, with improved
                                                   earnings from Energy Markets partially offsetting expected lower
                                                   earnings in Integrated Gas. Strong cash generation and a healthy
                                                   balance sheet allowed us to keep investing in the business and
                                                   provide consistent fully franked dividends for our shareholders.

                                                   The last year has played out against a backdrop of
                                                   ongoing geopolitical uncertainty, significant shifts in global
                                                   commodity markets, continued cost-of-living pressures on
                                                   Australian households, a shifting regulatory landscape, and rapid




For personal use only
                                                   technology change. Electrification accelerated among consumers
                                                   and businesses, and grid-scale renewables and storage continued
                                                   to grow in the domestic energy market, bringing benefits including
                                                   reduced emissions and lower wholesale prices.

                                                   Our portfolio is increasingly well positioned for a changing energy
                                                   market, as we brought significant new battery capacity into
                                                   commercial operation this year. We also advanced the remainder
                                                   of our storage development pipeline, and progressed our Yanco
                                                   Delta Wind Farm project towards a final investment decision,
                                                   including being awarded support through the Capacity Investment
                                                   Scheme. We remain one of the largest suppliers of gas to
                                                   Australian households, businesses and industry.

                                                   We increased our customer base significantly this year, reaching
                                                   almost five million accounts. We are also making it simpler for
                                                   customers to monitor and manage their energy use, including
                                                   through innovative new products, app features and electrification
                                                   options. Our virtual power plant, Origin Loop, which is helping
                                                   assets in homes and businesses, grew to 1,589 MW across
                                                   409,000 connected services.

                                                   Following their separation into standalone businesses this year,
                                                   Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies continued to scale
                                                   across new and existing markets. Origin retains a 22.7 per cent




                    “We are energised by the
                                                   economic interest in both businesses, maintaining meaningful
                                                   exposure to their ongoing growth.

                                                   More broadly, Australia's energy transition is advancing, but not
                                                   evenly. The pace and economics of the transition are increasingly

                        challenges and
                                                   being shaped by government policies and incentives. Customer
                                                   momentum continues to build, with strong uptake of rooftop

                        opportunities ahead, and
                                                   solar, batteries and electric vehicles. At the same time, the
                                                   large-scale build-out of new renewables, firming and transmission
                                                   infrastructure is proving more difficult, with projects taking
                        believe Origin is          longer, costs rising, connection and approval processes remaining
                                                   complex with the medium-term regulatory picture uncertain, and
                        well-positioned to         regional host communities being asked to carry a disproportionate
                                                   share of the burden. We're seeing these challenges first-hand
                        prosper through this       at Yanco Delta, where even with Capacity Investment Scheme
                                                   support, the economics remain very challenging.
                        period of change.”         We know the success of the transition – and Origin’s role in it –
                                                   will be measured by how well we navigate these challenges today,
                                                   while building the assets, products and services needed to support
                                                   our customers and the future energy system.




      6
                    A message from Scott and Frank




                    FI N ANCIAL PERFORM AN CE                                                as increased drilling activity helps partially offset that decline in
                                                                                             future years.
                    In FY26, Origin recorded a statutory profit of $1,574 million, up
                    from $1,481 million in the prior year.                                   Octopus Energy’s UK retail business is expected to deliver
                                                                                             another strong year (EBITDA of £25–50 per customer), while
                    Underlying profit was $1,159 million, compared to $1,490 million         continuing to invest in scaling Non-UK Retail and Energy Services.
                    in the prior year. This primarily reflected an expected reduction        Kraken Technologies is expected to deliver greater than 20 per
                    in commodity-linked earnings from Integrated Gas and higher              cent revenue growth while investing in migrations to accelerate
                    depreciation and amortisation, partially offset by improved              customer accounts on the platform.
                    earnings in Energy Markets.

                    Origin received $911 million in fully franked dividends from Australia   D E L I V E R I NG FO R O UR PE OP L E , C O MM U N IT IE S
                    Pacific LNG, compared to fully franked distributions of $797 million     AN D T HE P L AN E T
                    in FY25.                                                                 Origin’s performance would not have been possible without the
                    The Board determined a fully franked final dividend of 30 cents          efforts of our 5,300-strong team. Their focus and diligence kept




For personal use only
                    per share. For FY26, shareholders will receive total fully franked       us moving forward in our ambition to lead the energy transition
                    dividends of 60 cents per share, stable on 60 cents per share            through cleaner energy and customer solutions.
                    in FY25.                                                                 Providing a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace remains a key
                                                                                             focus. We made encouraging progress on safety, with our Total
                    OP ERATIONA L PERFORM A NC E
                                                                                             Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) improving to 2.9 from
                    Energy Markets delivered Underlying EBITDA of $1,701 million, up         4.4. Employee engagement was 7.5, up from 7.4 last year. We also
                    $298 million on FY25 and towards the upper end of our guidance           continued to build a more diverse leadership team, lifting female
                    range, with strong performance across electricity, natural gas,          representation in senior leadership roles to 39.7 per cent, up from
                    LPG and Energy Services. We added 243,000 customer accounts              38.3 per cent in FY25.
                    during the year.
                                                                                             We contributed more than $3.7 million to communities through the
                    Integrated Gas Underlying EBITDA was $1,620 million, down                Origin Foundation, and our people spent more than 6,400 hours
                    $582 million on FY25, in line with our expectations of lower oil-        volunteering their time to support a range of initiatives. Origin also
                    linked earnings at Australia Pacific LNG and lower LNG trading           spent $475 million with regional suppliers, and $21 million with First
                    gains. Australia Pacific LNG production was 668 PJ for the year,         Nations suppliers.
                    moderating from the prior year as mid-life field declines were only
                                                                                             We continue to make progress against our 2030 emissions
                    partially offset by optimisation initiatives.
                                                                                             targets, with total Scope 1, 2 and 3 equity emissions of 44.0
                    Origin's combined share of Octopus Energy and Kraken                     Mt CO2-e, down 2 per cent from 45.1 mt in FY25. Scope 1
                    Technologies Underlying EBITDA was a loss of $8 million, a               emissions declined 7 per cent. We note that the path to achieving
                    significant improvement on the $88 million loss in FY25, reflecting      our targets is not linear, with a range of factors influencing
                    a rebound in UK Retail earnings and continued investment in              progress, including the timing of new renewables and supporting
                    international growth and Energy Services.                                transmission infrastructure coming online and projected growth in
                                                                                             energy demand. This year, Origin’s sustainability performance is
                    D A TA SE CURITY IN CI DE NT                                             included in this report.

                    In July 2026, Origin confirmed an incident involving unauthorised        B OA R D RE NE W AL
                    access to some customers’ information. Our priority has been
                    supporting affected customers, including offering credit and             During FY26, we welcomed Fiona Hick and Stephen Mikkelsen
                    identity monitoring services.                                            as independent Non-executive Directors. The Board’s composition
                                                                                             is well aligned to support continued strong operational and
                    We take the security of our systems and our customers’                   financial performance, while advancing the company’s energy
                    information seriously, and this is an area where we will need to         transition strategy.
                    remain vigilant, given the growing threat of this sort of criminally
                    motivated activity. We have implemented additional security              As we help shape the future of Australia's energy system, how
                    controls and appointed independent cyber experts to support us           we deliver for our customers, communities and shareholders is
                    in our response.                                                         paramount. We are energised by the challenges and opportunities
                                                                                             ahead, and believe Origin is well-positioned to prosper through this
                    Our review is ongoing and we are working closely with                    period of change.
                    the Australian Government and other agencies, including the
                    Australian Cyber Security Centre, the National Office of Cyber
                    Security and the Australian Federal Police.

                    OU TL OOK
                    The following FY27 guidance is provided on the basis that
                    market conditions and the regulatory environment do not
                    materially change.
                                                                                              Scott Perkins                   Frank Calabria
                    Energy Markets EBITDA is expected to be $1,550–1,850 million,             Chairman                        Chief Executive Officer
                    reflecting the ramp-up of our battery portfolio offset by lower
                    wholesale electricity prices.

                    Australia Pacific LNG production is expected to be 625–670 PJ
                    (100 per cent), reflecting natural field decline, with total Australia
                    Pacific LNG capital and operating expenditure of $3.0–3.3 billion


                                                                                                                                                                      7
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    About Origin




                    Leading integrated                    4.9 million                           > 5,000
                    energy company                        customer accounts                     employees
                    Listed on the Australian Securities   Electricity, gas, LPG, and internet   Focused on engagement through
                    Exchange in 2000                      customers across Australia            diverse and empowered teams




For personal use only
                    Powering                              27.5% interest in                     Aiming for 4 - 5
                    Australia                             Australia Pacific LNG                 GW renewables and
                                                                                                storage by 2030
                    8.6 GW generation portfolio,          World class asset which continues
                    including 3 GW gas fired              to be a significant contributor to
                                                                                                1.8 GW battery development
                    generation and 2.8 GW owned and       the east coast gas market
                                                                                                projects underway, ~1.5 GW Yanco
                    contracted renewables and storage
                                                                                                Delta wind farm pre-FID




                    Targets and ambitions                 22.7% economic                        Supporting
                    reaffirmed with                       interest in Octopus                   Australian
                    2025 CTAP                             Energy and                            communities
                                                          Kraken Technologies
                    Our 2030 emissions reduction                                                The Origin Foundation has
                    targets and long-term ambition to                                           contributed $49 million
                                                          Two globally recognised businesses
                    achieve net zero by 2050 affirmed                                           since inception
                                                          with a track record of growth
                                                          and innovating to create long
                                                          term value




      8
                    Where We Operate




                    Where We Operate




                                             BROWSE
                                             BASIN




                                                                                                 693k




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      GLADSTONE
                                                                                                                                      LNG EXPORT
                                                                                                 171k
                                                                                                           BOWEN/
                                                                         285k                              SURAT
                                                                                                           BASINS                    BRISBANE
                                                                         206k

                                                                                                        1,197k
                                                                                                        428k
                                           3k
                                           36k
                                                                                                                                 SYDNEY


                                                                                ADELAIDE


                                                                                                            MELBOURNE

                                                                                                                             749k
                                                                                                                             542k

                        SOUTH EAST QUEENSLAND
                                                                                                                        HOBART

                                                 GLADSTONE



                                  BOWEN/
                                  SURAT
                                  BASINS




                                                                        EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION ACREAGE            GENERATION (OWNED & CONTRACTED)

                                                                           Origin/JV upstream acreage                  Gas
                                                             BRISBANE
                                                                           APLNG/JV upstream acreage                   Pumped hydro
                                                                           Production facility                         Solar
                                                                           APLNG pipeline                              Wind
                                                                                                                       Coal
                                                                                                                       Storage (incl. under construction)


                                                                                                                       LPG seaboard terminal


                                                                                                                       Electricity customer accounts
                                                                                                                       Natural gas customer accounts




                                                                                                                                                            9
                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report




                    Board of Directors




                    SCOTT                          I L AN A                        F RA NK                      DEION                        F I ON A
                    PER KINS                       AT L AS A O                     C AL A BR I A                C AM P BE LL                 HI C K
                    Independent                    Independent                     Managing Director &          Independent                  Independent
                    Non-executive Chair            Non-executive Director          Chief Executive Officer      Non-executive Director       Non-executive Director

                    Tenure 10 years 11 months      Tenure 5 years 6 months         Tenure 9 years 10 months     Tenure 1 year 11 months      Tenure 1 year




For personal use only
                    (5 years 10 months as Chair)
                                                   Ilana Atlas joined the          Frank Calabria was           Deion Campbell joined        Fiona Hick joined the
                    Scott Perkins joined the       Board in February 2021.         appointed Managing           the Board of the Company     Board in August 2025
                    Board in September 2015        She is Chair of the             Director & Chief Executive   in September 2024 and        and is a member of the
                    and was appointed Chair        Remuneration, People            Officer in October 2016.     is Chair of the Safety and   Safety and Sustainability
                    in October 2020. He is         and Culture Committee           Frank is a member of the     Sustainability Committee     Committee and the
                    Chair of the Nomination        and member of the               Safety and Sustainability    and a member of the          Remuneration, People &
                    Committee and a member         Nomination Committee.           Committee and a Director     Audit and Risk and           Culture Committee.
                    of the Audit and Risk,                                         of the Origin Foundation.    Nomination committees.
                    Remuneration, People and       Ilana has been a Non-                                                                     Fiona is currently
                    Culture, and Safety and        executive Director of           Frank first joined Origin    Deion is an Operating        a Non-executive
                    Sustainability committees.     Scentre Group Limited           as Chief Financial Officer   Partner with global          Director of the Royal
                                                   since May 2021 and              in November 2001 and         infrastructure manager,      Flying Doctor Service
                    Scott is an experienced        was appointed Chair             was appointed Chief          Morrison (since February     (since April 2026),
                    public company Chair           in October 2023. Ilana          Executive Officer, Energy    2022), and as part of        Barrenjoey Capital
                    and Director and has           is Deputy Chair of              Markets in March 2009.       his role at Morrison, he     Partners Holdings Pty
                    extensive Australian and       the National Gallery of         In that latter role,         is a Director of Pastoral    Ltd (since June 2025),
                    international experience       Australia, Director of the      Frank was responsible        Partners Australia Pty Ltd   Dyno Nobel Limited
                    as a leading corporate         Paul Ramsay Foundation          for the integrated           (since March 2025). Deion    (since September
                    adviser. He was formerly       and the Garvan Institute of     business within Australia    is also Non-executive        2024) and Evolution
                    Head of Corporate              Medical Research.               including retailing and      Chair of Longroad            Mining Limited (since
                    Finance for Deutsche                                           trading of natural gas,      Energy Holdings (since       July 2024). Fiona
                    Bank Australia and New         Ilana was previously a          electricity and LPG, power   December 2024) and           was previously Non-
                    Zealand and a member of        Non-executive Director          generation and solar and     Non-executive Director       executive Director
                    the Executive Committee        of ANZ Group Holdings           energy services.             of Contact Energy            of Infrastructure
                    with overall responsibility    Limited (Jan-Dec 2023)                                       Ltd (since July 2025).       WA (2024-2026).
                    for the Bank’s activities in   (previously Australian &        Frank has been a Director    Deion was previously
                    this region. Prior to that     New Zealand Banking             of the Australian Energy     Non-executive Director       Fiona’s career has
                    he was Chief Executive         Group Limited, since            Council since 2015 and       of TransGrid (2022-2024)     spanned 30 years
                    Officer of Deutsche Bank       September 2014) and             was appointed Chair          and Non-executive Chair      across the energy,
                    New Zealand and Deputy         Chair of Coca-Cola Amatil       in November 2025.            of Manawa Energy Ltd         mineral and resource
                    CEO of Bankers Trust           Limited (2017–2021). Her        Frank is also a Director     (2023-2025) and Mint         sectors, including as
                    New Zealand.                   last executive role was         of Australian Energy         Renewables (2022-2024).      CEO of Fortescue
                                                   Group Executive, People,        Producers (since 2017).                                   Metals Group in
                    Scott has been a               at Westpac, where               He is a former Director      Deion’s executive career     2023. Prior to
                    Non-executive Director         she was responsible             of the Australian Energy     has spanned 30               that, Fiona held a
                    of Woolworths Group            for human resources,            Market Operator.             years across the             range of leadership
                    Limited since September        corporate affairs and                                        energy and infrastructure    positions at Woodside
                    2014 and was appointed         sustainability. Prior to that   Frank has a Bachelor         sectors, including           Energy Group, including
                    Chair in October 2022.         role, she was Group             of Economics from            power generation and         as Executive Vice
                    He is Chair of Sweet           Secretary and General           Macquarie University and     renewables. He held listed   President Operations.
                    Louise (since 2005) and        Counsel. Before her 10-         a Master of Business         company executive roles
                    the Garvan Institute of        year career at Westpac,         Administration (Executive)   as Chief Executive Officer   Fiona holds a Bachelor
                    Medical Research (since        Ilana was a partner in law      from the Australian          of Tilt Renewables Ltd       of Engineering from The
                    December 2023). Scott          firm Mallesons Stephen          Graduate School of           and as General Manager,      University of Western
                    was previously a Non-          Jaques (now known as            Management. Frank is a       Generation at Trustpower     Australia and a Bachelor
                    executive Director of New      King & Wood Mallesons).         Fellow of the Chartered      Ltd in New Zealand           of Applied Science from
                    Zealand Initiative (2012 –     In addition to her practice     Accountants Australia and    (now Manawa Energy           Murdoch University.
                    2025), Brambles Limited        in corporate law, she held      New Zealand and a Fellow     Ltd). He brings extensive
                    (2015 – 2024), Meridian        a number of management          of the Financial Services    expertise in capital
                    Energy (1999 – 2002) and       roles in the firm including     Institute of Australasia.    deployment, large project
                    a Director of the Museum       Executive Partner, People                                    delivery and improving
                    of Contemporary Art in         and Information, and                                         asset performance,
                    Sydney (2011 – 2020).          Managing Partner.                                            with experience in
                                                                                                                the development,
                    Scott has a longstanding       Ilana holds a Bachelor of                                    construction and
                    commitment to breast           Jurisprudence (Honours)                                      operation of wind and
                    cancer causes, the             and Bachelor of Laws                                         hydro assets in Australia
                    visual arts and public         (Honours) from the                                           and New Zealand.
                    policy development.            University of Western
                                                   Australia and Masters of                                     Deion holds a Master
                    Scott holds a Bachelor         Laws from the University                                     of Electrical Engineering
                    of Commerce and a              of Sydney.                                                   from Canterbury
                    Bachelor of Laws (Hons)                                                                     University, New Zealand.
                    from Auckland University.
    10
                    Board of Directors




                    GR EG                          M I CK                           ST E P HE N                 D R NO R A                      D A ME J OAN
                    LA L I CKER                    M CC ORM ACK                     M I K K E L SE N            S CH E I NK E ST E L            WI T HE RS DN ZM
                    Independent                    Independent                      Independent                 Independent                     Independent
                    Non-executive Director         Non-executive Director           Non-executive Director      Non-executive Director          Non-executive Director

                    Tenure 7 years 5 months        Tenure 5 years 8 months          Tenure 1 year               Tenure 4 years 5 months         Tenure 5 years 10 months




For personal use only
                    Greg Lalicker joined the       Mick McCormack joined            Stephen Mikkelsen joined    Nora Scheinkestel joined        Joan Withers joined
                    Board in March 2019.           the Board in December            the Board in August         the Board in March 2022.        the Board in October
                    He is a member of the          2020. He is a member             2025 and is a member        She is Chair of the             2020. She is a member
                    Remuneration, People &         of the Audit and Risk            of the Safety and           Audit and Risk Committee        of the Audit and Risk
                    Culture Committee.             and Safety & Sustainability      Sustainability Committee.   and a member of the             and the Remuneration
                                                   committees. Mick is                                          Nomination Committee.           and People and
                    Greg is the Chief              also a director of the           Stephen is the Chief                                        Culture committees.
                    Executive Officer of Hilcorp   Origin Foundation.               Executive Officer and       Nora has almost 30
                    Energy Company, based                                           Managing Director of Sims   years’ experience as a          Joan has spent over
                    in Houston, USA. Hilcorp       Mick is a Non-executive          Limited (October 2023).     non-executive chair and         25 years working in
                    is the largest privately       Director of Whitehaven Coal                                  director of companies           the media industry
                    held independent oil           Limited (February 2024)      Stephen brings more than        across a wide range of          holding CEO positions
                    and gas exploration and        and Qube Holdings Limited    30 years of finance             industries in the public and    at both Fairfax NZ
                    production company in the      (May 2025). He is also       and executive management        private sectors. A former       Ltd and The Radio
                    United States.                 Chair of the Australian      experience, including senior    banking executive, Nora         Network and she also
                                                   Brandenburg Orchestra        leadership positions at         has extensive financial and     has significant corporate
                    Greg joined Hilcorp’s          Foundation, a director of theAGL, where he was Chief         risk management expertise,      governance experience.
                    leadership team in 2006        Clontarf Foundation, and a   Financial Officer, followed     having chaired audit and risk
                    as Executive Vice President    Patron of the Australian Ice by Group General Manager        committees of a number of       Joan is currently a
                    where he was responsible       Hockey League.               Retail Energy and Executive     listed companies.               director of Sky Network
                    for all exploration and                                     General Manager Energy                                          TV Ltd (since 2019).
                    production activities. He      Mick was previously Chair    Markets. Before his tenure at   Nora has a long track record    She was previously a
                    was appointed President in     of Central Petroleum Limited AGL, Stephen was the Chief      in highly regulated sectors     director at ANZ Bank
                    2011 and Chief Executive       (2020 – 2025), Managing      Financial Officer of Snowy      such as infrastructure,         NZ Ltd (2013-2026) and
                    Officer in 2017. Prior to      Director and CEO of          Hydro and Contact Energy.       telecommunications and          held chair positions at
                    working for Hilcorp, Greg      APA Group (2004 –                                            financial services and          The Warehouse Group
                    was with BHP Petroleum         2019) and Non-executive      Stephen holds a Bachelor        in companies undergoing         (2016-2025), Auckland
                    based in Midland, Houston,     Director of Austal Limited   of Business Studies with        major technological and         International Airport
                    London and Melbourne           (2020 – 2024). Mick          a Major in Accounting           cultural transformation in      (director from 1997 –
                    as well as McKinsey &          has over 40 years of         and Finance from Massey         response to profound            2013), Mercury NZ Ltd
                    Company where he worked        experience in the energy     University. Stephen is also     market disruptions.             (2009 – 2019) and
                    in its Houston, Abu Dhabi      and infrastructure sectors,  a member of Chartered                                           TVNZ (director from
                    and London offices.            including gas-fired and      Accountants Australia and       Nora is a Non-executive         2009 and Chair from
                                                   renewable energy power       New Zealand.                    Director of Qantas Airways      2015 – 2017). She has
                    Greg graduated as a            generation, gas processing,                                  Limited (Since March            also held directorships
                    petroleum engineer from        LNG and underground                                          2024) and Brambles              on the boards of some
                    the University of Tulsa.       storage. Prior to joining APA                                Limited (since June 2020).      of New Zealand’s largest
                    He also has a Master of        in 2000, Mick held various                                   Previous directorships of       companies including
                    Business Administration and    senior management roles                                      publicly listed companies       Meridian Energy Ltd and
                    a law degree.                  with AGL Energy.                                             include Westpac Banking         Tourism Holdings Ltd.
                                                                                                                Corporation (2021 – 2024),      Prior to her appointment
                                                   Mick holds a Masters                                         Telstra Corporation Limited     as CEO of Fairfax
                                                   of Business Administration                                   (2010 – 2022), the Atlas        NZ Ltd, Joan was
                                                   from the University of                                       Arteria group (2014 –           a director on the
                                                   Queensland, a Graduate                                       2020), which she chaired,       Australian board of John
                                                   Diploma of Engineering                                       Ausnet Services Ltd (2016       Fairfax Holdings Ltd.
                                                   from Monash University, a                                    – 2022), Orica Limited and
                                                   Bachelor of Applied Science                                  Newcrest Limited.               In June 2024, Joan
                                                   from the University of                                                                       was appointed Dame
                                                   Queensland and is a Fellow                                   She is also a                   Companion of the
                                                   of the Australian Institute of                               published author, former        New Zealand Order of
                                                   Company Directors.                                           Associate Professor at          Merit for services to
                                                                                                                Melbourne Business School,      business, governance
                                                                                                                former Takeovers Panel          and women.
                                                                                                                member and Centenary
                                                                                                                Medal recipient for             Joan holds a Masters
                                                                                                                services to Australian          Degree in Business
                                                                                                                business leadership.            Administration from The
                                                                                                                                                University of Auckland.
                                                                                                                Nora holds a Bachelor
                                                                                                                of Laws (Honours, First
                                                                                                                Class) and a Doctor
                                                                                                                of Philosophy from the
                                                                                                                University of Melbourne.
                                                                                                                                                                            11
                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report




                    Executive Leadership Team




                    JO N                          KA TE                        T ON Y                       J A ME S                      A L E TA
                    B RI SKIN                     J O RDAN                     L U CA S                     M AG I L L                    N IC O L L
                    Executive General             General Counsel and          Chief Financial              Executive General             Executive General
                    Manager, Retail               Executive General            Officer                      Manager, Origin Zero          Manager, Integrated Gas
                                                  Manager, Risk, HSE
                    Jon Briskin joined            & Governance                 Tony Lucas joined            James Magill joined Origin    Aleta Nicoll joined




For personal use only
                    Origin in 2010 and                                         Origin in 2002 and           in 2022 as Executive          Origin in 2012 and was
                    was appointed Executive       Kate Jordan joined Origin    held a number of             General Manager, Origin       appointed Executive
                    General Manager, Retail in    in March 2020 and            senior executive positions   Zero. James leads the         General Manager,
                    December 2016.                is the General Counsel       within the company           teams responsible for         Integrated Gas in
                                                  and Executive General        over 22 years and            serving Origin’s enterprise   July 2026. Aleta is
                    Jon leads the teams           Manager, Risk, HSE           was most recently            customers as well as a        responsible for Origin’s
                    responsible for energy        & Governance.                the Executive General        range of energy transition    role as upstream
                    sales, marketing, product                                  Manager of Future Energy     growth initiatives.           operator and for the
                    development and               Kate leads the legal,        and Technology prior                                       marketing of domestic
                    service experience for        company secretariat, risk    to becoming Chief            Prior to joining Origin,      gas on behalf of
                    Origin’s residential and      and assurance, internal      Financial Officer.           James held leadership         Australia Pacific LNG.
                    SME customers.                audit, HSE and group                                      roles at Centrica, AGL
                                                  and energy markets           Tony leads the               and Genesis Energy in         With more than 20
                    Jon has held various          compliance teams.            teams responsible for        retail, technology, M&A       years of experience in
                    roles at Origin, leading                                   all finance activities,      and strategy.                 the upstream oil and
                    customer operations,          Prior to joining Origin,     corporate strategy,                                        gas industry, Aleta has
                    service transformation and    Kate was Deputy Chief        corporate development,                                     held several operational
                    customer experience and       Executive Partner at         sustainability, capital                                    leadership roles within
                    prior to Origin worked as a   Clayton Utz. Kate has        markets, technology and                                    Origin and has an in-
                    management consultant.        over 25 years’ legal         investor relations.                                        depth knowledge of
                                                  experience across a range                                                               gas assets and strong
                                                  of corporate transactions.   Tony has more than                                         focus on safety and
                                                                               30 years’ experience                                       operational reliability.
                                                                               across finance, strategy,
                                                                               transactions, risk,                                        Prior to Origin, Aleta
                                                                               regulatory policy and                                      worked at QGC and
                                                                               advocacy, technology and                                   Woodside Energy in a
                                                                               innovation, and has been                                   variety of engineering
                                                                               part of Origin’s Executive                                 and operational roles.
                                                                               Leadership Team since
                                                                               2016. He holds a
                                                                               Diploma in Business
                                                                               Studies and a Masters
                                                                               of Applied Finance from
                                                                               Macquarie University.




     12
                    Executive Leadership Team




                    A LI CIA                     S AM AN T H A                A ND R E W
                    PU R TEL L                   S T E V EN S                 T HO RN TO N
                    Executive General Manager, Executive General Manager, Executive General
                    People and Culture           Corporate Affairs              Manager, Energy Supply
                                                                                and Operations
                    Alicia Purtell joined Origin Samantha Stevens joined




For personal use only
                    in April 2026 and is         Origin in March 2018 as        Andrew Thornton joined
                    responsible for People       Executive General Manager, Origin in 2012 and was
                    and Culture.                 Corporate Affairs.             Executive General Manager,
                                                                                Integrated Gas prior to
                    Alicia’s team provides       Samantha is responsible        being appointed Executive
                    strategic support to the     for Origin’s external affairs, General Manager, Energy
                    business in key areas such   government relations,          Supply and Operations in
                    as engagement, diversity,    employee communication         July 2026.
                    talent management and        functions and the Origin
                    culture change.              Foundation. She also           Andrew is responsible
                                                 serves as a Non-executive      for Wholesale, Trading,
                    Prior to joining Origin,     Director on the Board of       Generation and
                    Alicia was the Chief         the Foundation.                Asset Development.
                    People and Transformation
                    Officer at Lion. Alicia      Samantha has more than         Prior to Origin, Andrew
                    brings broad experience in   30 years’ experience in        spent 10 years in private
                    culture change, leadership,  corporate affairs, mainly in   equity and investment
                    talent, inclusion, and       the resources, industrials     banking, including at
                    organisational development. and financial services          Goldman Sachs JBWere,
                                                 sectors. Prior to joining      where he served as an
                                                 Origin, Samantha headed        Executive Director in the
                                                 up Corporate Affairs for       Principal Investment Area.
                                                 the global mining services
                                                 company, Orica, and
                                                 previously led the global
                                                 media function and all
                                                 Corporate Affairs M&A
                                                 activity at global mining
                                                 house, BHP, and has held
                                                 senior Corporate Affairs
                                                 roles at two of Australia’s
                                                 major banks. Samantha
                                                 is also a non-executive
                                                 director of Melbourne
                                                 Montessori College.




                                                                                                             13
                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    Corporate Governance Statement


                    This statement has been approved by the Board and summarises            A NT I - B RI BE R Y A ND FA CIL IT AT IO N P A Y ME N T S
                    the Company’s governance practices that were in place
                    throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2026. During the            Origin manages the risk of bribery and corrupt business practices,
                    financial year and to the date of this report, Origin has complied      to comply with the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
                    with all ASX Principles and Recommendations.                            Origin prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation or acceptance of
                                                                                            bribes, improper benefits and facilitation payments in any form,
                    Information referred to in this Corporate Governance Statement          including through third parties, agents or representatives.
                    as being on the Company’s website may be found at the web
                    address: originenergy.com.au/governance.                                The giving or receiving of gifts or hospitality is prohibited where
                                                                                            they could compromise, or be seen to compromise, personal
                                                                                            judgement or the judgement of others, conflict with Origin’s
                    People and culture                                                      purpose, values and behaviours, or go beyond common courtesies
                                                                                            of general commercial practice. Origin also has controls over the
                    PU R POSE , VALUES AN D BE HA V I O U R S                               provision of gifts and hospitality, both directly and indirectly, to
                                                                                            public officials or relatives or associates of public officials.




For personal use only
                    Origin’s purpose, “Getting energy right for our customers,
                    communities and planet” is supported by five values:                    The Board, through the Audit and Risk Committee, is informed of
                                                                                            any material breaches of the Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy.
                    1. Work as one team, one Origin.
                    2. Be the customer champion.                                            The Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy is available on
                                                                                            Origin’s website.
                    3. Care about our impact.
                    4. Find a better way.                                                   DE AL I NG I N S E CU RI T IE S P O L IC Y
                    5. Being accountable.
                                                                                            Origin’s Dealing in Securities Policy prohibits Origin and its
                    Behaviours, linked to each value, set expectations for how Origin       personnel from dealing in the securities of Origin or other
                    asks its people to work every day and with each other.                  companies in a way that breaches insider trading laws or harms
                                                                                            the Company’s reputation. It precludes any Origin personnel from
                    PO LI CIE S                                                             engaging in short-term dealings in the Company’s securities. The
                                                                                            policy also prohibits margin loans.
                    Origin has a number of policies that set out conduct expectations
                    and decision-making rights across the Origin Group.                     Origin personnel are also prohibited from entering into hedging
                                                                                            transactions that operate to limit the economic risk of any of their
                    COD E OF C ONDUC T                                                      unvested equity-based incentives. The Dealing in Securities Policy
                                                                                            is available on Origin’s website.
                    Origin’s Code of Conduct is based on our purpose and values,
                    and outlines how all Directors, employees and others working
                                                                                            I N CL U SI O N
                    for Origin under a contract or a consultancy agreement are
                    expected to care for our people, business and reputation, and to        For disclosures on Origin’s diversity and inclusion practices
                    perform their jobs in line with high ethical standards and applicable   including gender diversity targets and performance, please see the
                    legal requirements. A suite of online training on our Code of           “Our People” section of the ESG Report which forms part of this
                    Conduct forms part of our mandatory core learning program and           Annual Report.
                    helps enhance the knowledge of our people while improving
                    employee experience.                                                    R E MU NE RA TI O N

                    The Board is informed of any material breaches of the Code of           The Remuneration Report sets out details of the Company’s
                    Conduct and the consequences.                                           policies and practices for remunerating Directors, key management
                                                                                            personnel and executives. It also sets out the Remuneration,
                    The Code of Conduct is available on Origin’s website.                   People and Culture Committee’s activities.

                    S P EAKING UP                                                           The remuneration of Non-executive Directors (NEDs) is structured
                                                                                            separately from that of executives.
                    Origin aims to create a culture that encourages our people to
                    speak up if they are aware of, or suspect, any acts of unlawful
                    behaviour, behaviour that breaches our Code of Conduct, or is in        Environmental, social and governance
                    any other way inappropriate, no matter how minor.

                    Individuals may report their concerns either through their manager,
                                                                                            matters, and stakeholder engagement
                    People & Culture, nominated officers within the Origin Group
                                                                                            For disclosures on Origin’s environmental and social risks and
                    or an external reporting service where the person may remain
                                                                                            our approach in managing those risks, please see the Operating
                    anonymous. Origin also has a Whistleblower Policy for individuals
                                                                                            and Financial Review and ESG Report which forms part of the
                    to report any instance or suspicion of misconduct, or an improper
                                                                                            Annual Report. The ESG Report also discusses Origin’s stakeholder
                    state of affairs or circumstances involving our businesses. It
                                                                                            engagement program and our just energy transition principles.
                    provides protections and measures so that those who make a
                    report may do so confidentially and without fear of reprisal,           Details on climate-related risks and opportunities are set out in the
                    victimisation or detriment.                                             Sustainability Report.

                    The Board is informed of any material incidents raised under the        Origin’s approach to industry association memberships is also
                    Whistleblower Policy.                                                   available on our website.

                    Origin will protect any person who makes a disclosure, from
                    detrimental conduct or the threat of detrimental conduct, as well
                    as protect their identity.

                    The Whistleblower Policy is available on Origin’s website.
    14
                    Corporate Governance Statement




                    Board and Committees
                    B OAR D C O MPOSITI ON                                                  R OL E S AN D R E SP O NS I BI LI TI E S

                    The Board’s size and composition are determined by the Directors,       The Board’s roles and responsibilities are formalised in a Board
                    within limits set by Origin’s Constitution, which requires a Board of   Charter, which is available on the Company’s website. The Charter
                    between five and 12 Directors. The composition of the Board shall:      sets out those functions that are delegated to management and
                                                                                            those that are reserved for the Board.
                    •     take into account the needs of the Company,
                          including diversity;                                              The Board selects and appoints the Chair from the independent
                    •     be of an appropriate size; and                                    Directors. The Chair, Scott Perkins, is independent and his role and
                                                                                            responsibilities are separate from those of the Managing Director
                    •     collectively have the skills, commitment and knowledge of the
                                                                                            and Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
                          Company and the industry in which it operates, to enable it to
                          discharge its duties effectively and to add value.                The Company Secretary is accountable directly to the Board,
                                                                                            through the Chair, on all matters to do with the proper functioning
                    Directors’ names, tenures, profiles and details of their
                                                                                            of the Board.
                    skills, experience and special expertise are set out in the




For personal use only
                    Directors’ Report.                                                      Prior to joining Origin, Directors and senior executives are provided
                                                                                            with letters of appointment or service agreements, together
                    I ND E PENDENCE                                                         with key Company documents and information, setting out their
                                                                                            term of office, duties, rights and responsibilities, entitlements on
                    The Company’s policy on the Independence of Directors requires
                                                                                            termination, and the requirement to notify the Company of, or
                    that the Board comprises a majority of independent Directors.
                                                                                            to seek the Company’s approval before, accepting any new role
                    The Board reviews each Director’s independence annually. At its
                                                                                            that could impact the time commitment expected of the Director
                    review for the FY26 reporting period, the Board formed the view
                                                                                            or give rise to a conflict of interest. Directors are also asked to
                    that all NEDs were independent. In defining the characteristics of
                                                                                            specifically acknowledge to Origin that they will have sufficient
                    an independent Director, the Board uses the ASX Principles and
                                                                                            time to fulfil their responsibilities as a Director.
                    Recommendations, together with its own considerations of the
                    Company’s operations and businesses and appropriate materiality
                                                                                            S K I L L S A ND E XP E R IE NC E
                    thresholds. The Independence of Directors Policy, which is part of
                    the Board Charter, is available on the Company’s website.               Origin’s Board members bring experience from a wide range
                                                                                            of industries and backgrounds, including utilities, oil and gas,
                                                                                            industrials, banking and finance, legal and technology. The Board
                                                                                            reviews the skills matrix periodically to ensure it covers the
                                                                                            skills needed to address existing and emerging business and
                                                                                            governance issues relevant to the entity.

                                                                                            Together, the Directors contribute the following key skills
                                                                                            and experience.

                    Board skills and experience

                                                Customer

                          Financial and Risk Management

                               Global business experience

                                         Health and Safety

                                                  Industry

                              Leadership and governance

                        Legal, regulatory and public policy

                                                   People

                                                  Strategy

                         Sustainability and climate change

                        Technology, digital and innovation



                                                              Low                                    Moderate                                         Extensive




                                                                                                                                                                    15
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report




                    Board and Committees (continued)

                        SKILL S AND EXP ERI E NC E

                         Customer                                  Industry                                         Ability to question and challenge
                                                                                                                    management on the delivery of agreed
                         Experience in industries with a high      Experience as a senior executive or board        strategic objectives, including capital
                         degree of customer-centricity and         role in the energy, oil and gas, upstream/       requirements to meet these objectives.
                         providing customer solutions, so          integrated exploration and production
                         that Directors can support Origin to      industry, including in-depth knowledge           Sustainability and climate change
                         deliver great customer experiences        of the Company’s strategy, markets,
                                                                                                                    Knowledge and understanding of
                         and strive to provide affordable,         competitors, operational issues, technology
                                                                                                                    climate-related risks and opportunities,
                         more sustainable, and smarter             and regulatory concerns. This includes
                                                                                                                    including relating to the physical
                         products and solutions as we              advisory roles for these industries.
                                                                                                                    environment in which Origin operates,
                         transition to a lower-carbon world.




For personal use only
                                                                   Leadership and governance                        the energy transition, cleaner energy
                         Financial and risk management                                                              customer solutions, climate science
                                                                   Senior executive role or substantial board       and energy policy.
                         Senior executive experience in            experience in a publicly listed company in
                         financial accounting and reporting,       Australia or overseas, with a proven track       Experience in monitoring and
                         corporate finance, risk and               record of leadership and overseeing culture      managing the environmental, social
                         internal controls.                        and a demonstrable commitment to high            and human rights impacts of Origin’s
                                                                   standards of corporate governance.               business operations and activities
                         Experience in anticipating and                                                             on stakeholders including employees,
                         evaluating both financial and non-        Legal, regulatory and public policy              host communities, Traditional Owner
                         financial risks, including systemic,                                                       communities, contractors and others.
                         existing and emerging risks that          Experience in the identification and             Understanding of accepted and
                         could impact the business and             resolution of legal and regulatory issues that   evolving community standards
                         recognising and managing these            may have a significant impact on Origin’s        and ability to identify socially
                         risks through sound risk governance       operations and the ability of the Company        and environmentally sustainable
                         policies and frameworks.                  to deliver the expected performance.             developments and to set and
                                                                   Experience in public and regulatory policy,      monitor sustainability targets,
                         Global business experience                including how it affects corporations.           including relating to climate change,
                         Exposure to international regions,        People                                           environmental impacts, community
                         either through experience working                                                          and Traditional Owner engagement
                         in an organisation with                   Experience in leading large, diverse,            and related governance.
                         global operations or through              geographically distributed teams, building       Technology, digital and innovation
                         management of international               organisational capability, overseeing people
                         stakeholder relationships. Strong         policies and frameworks that drive desired       Background in an industry that has
                         understanding of different                culture, behaviours and business outcomes        faced significant disruptive change.
                         cultural, political, regulatory and       and setting a remuneration framework that
                         business requirements.                    attracts and retains high-calibre employees,     Awareness of technology (including
                                                                   including the promotion of diversity             digital technology) and innovation
                         Health and safety                         and inclusion.                                   that influences Origin’s business and
                                                                                                                    the ability to assess and leverage
                         Strong understanding of health and        Strategy                                         related developments and respond to
                         safety management, performance                                                             digital disruption.
                         and governance, including setting         Senior executive and directorship
                         the tone for an enabled and               experience, dealing with complex business
                         accountable culture that focuses on       models and projects. Experience in
                         continuous learning and transparent       developing, setting and executing strategic
                         sharing. Experience in programs           direction and driving growth.
                         implementing health and safety
                         initiatives, including mental health
                         and physical wellbeing.



                    The Board supplements its skills and experience with input from         The Board considers that this collective internal and external
                    management with specific experience and expertise, including in         expertise equips Board members with the necessary skills,
                    technology, climate science, trends and policy. The Board also          knowledge and perspective to discharge their duties.
                    invites relevant industry experts to inform Directors of the latest
                    market and industry developments related to the energy transition
                    and climate change matters.




     16
                    Corporate Governance Statement




                    Board and Committees (continued)
                    B OAR D AND SENIOR EX EC U T I V E A P P O I NT ME NT                   P E R FO RM A NCE RE V I E W
                    A ND RE-ELE CTION
                                                                                            The Directors annually review the performance of the whole Board,
                    Prior to considering the appointment of a new Director, the             Board committees and individual Directors, generally facilitated by
                    Nomination Committee evaluates the balance of skills, knowledge,        an external consultant. The Board as a whole discusses outcomes
                    experience, independence and diversity on the Board, and                of the review and individual Director feedback is discussed directly
                    identifies the appropriate capabilities required based on that          between that Director and the Chair. The Chair’s performance
                    assessment. If these criteria are met and the Board appoints the        feedback is shared with the Board for discussion.
                    candidate as a Director, that Director will stand for election by
                                                                                            This year, a review was undertaken with assistance from an external
                    shareholders at the following Annual General Meeting (AGM).
                                                                                            consultant. This covered the Board and committees’ activities and
                    Before a Director is appointed, Origin undertakes appropriate           work programs, time commitments, meeting efficiency and Board
                    evaluations. These include independent checks of a candidate’s          contribution to Company strategy, monitoring, compliance and the
                    character, experience, education, any criminal record or                governance processes that support the Board. The whole Board
                    bankruptcy history, and any other factors that would affect the         discussed the results of the review and initiatives to improve or




For personal use only
                    Company’s or the individual’s reputation.                               enhance Board performance and effectiveness were considered
                                                                                            and recommended.
                    Prior to the engagement of senior executives, appropriate
                    background checks are also carried out, in accordance with              The performance of all key executives, including the CEO, is
                    Origin’s recruitment policies.                                          reviewed annually against:

                    Each year, the performance of the Directors retiring by rotation        •   a set of financial and non-financial goals;
                    and seeking re-election under the Constitution is reviewed by           •   Company and business unit-specific goals; and
                    the Nomination Committee (other than the relevant Director), the        •   adherence to the Company’s culture and standards
                    results of which form the basis of the Board’s recommendation               of behaviour.
                    to shareholders. The review considers a Director’s expertise, skills
                    and experience, along with their understanding of the Company’s         The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee and the Board
                    business, preparation for meetings, relationships with other            consider the performance of the CEO and each member of the ELT
                    Directors and management, awareness of ethical and governance           annually prior to the award of Short-Term Incentive awards, and
                    issues, independence of thought and overall contribution.               also prior to the vesting of any Long-Term Incentive awards. As part
                                                                                            of that review, the committee receives feedback from the General
                    When a candidate stands for election or re-election as Director,        Counsel and Executive General Manager of Risk, Compliance,
                    the notice of meeting will set out information on the candidate,        HSSE & Governance as well as the Executive General Manager
                    including biographical details, qualifications and experience,          of People and Culture, on each ELT member’s performance in
                    independence status, outside interests and the recommendation           the areas of legal, compliance, audit, risk, safety and people. The
                    of the rest of the Board on the resolution.                             committee also receives feedback from the chairs of the Audit and
                    Where relevant, it will confirm that the Company has conducted          Risk Committee, and the Safety and Sustainability Committee on
                    appropriate checks into the candidate’s background and                  matters within each ELT member’s relevant business or function
                    experience and will advise if those checks have revealed any            that the committee and Board may consider when exercising
                    information of concern.                                                 discretion in determining individual incentive outcomes. Further
                                                                                            information on Short-Term and Long-Term Incentive awards for
                                                                                            FY26 for executive key management personnel (KMP) is set out
                    D I R ECTO R INDUCT I ON AN D
                                                                                            in the Remuneration Report.
                    PR OFESSIONAL DE V E LOP ME NT

                    New Directors undertake induction training, tailored to their           B OA R D C OM MI TT E E S
                    existing skills, knowledge and experience, on Origin’s strategy,
                                                                                            During FY26, four committees assisted the Board in executing its
                    structure, operations, culture and key risks. New Directors are
                                                                                            duties. Each committee had its own charter, setting out its role,
                    provided with copies of Origin’s key governance documents and
                                                                                            responsibilities, composition, structure, membership requirements
                    policies and participate in comprehensive briefings with the Chair
                                                                                            and operation. These are available on the Company’s website.
                    of the Board, chairs of each Board committee, the CEO and the
                                                                                            From time to time, other special committees are convened to
                    Executive Leadership Team (ELT), the Company Secretary, and the
                                                                                            assist the Board with particular matters or to exercise the delegated
                    internal and external auditor. New Directors also undertake visits to
                                                                                            authority of the Board.
                    Origin’s major sites.
                                                                                            Each committee’s chair reports to the Board on the committee’s
                    All Directors receive continuing professional education through
                                                                                            deliberations at the following Board meeting where the committee
                    periodic site visits, ongoing briefings and workshops on industry,
                                                                                            meeting minutes are also tabled. All Directors have access to
                    regulatory or other relevant topics, and may attend industry or
                                                                                            committee papers and may attend committee meetings unless
                    governance conferences to deal with new emerging business and
                                                                                            there is a conflict of interest.
                    governance issues.
                                                                                            The members of each committee and their attendance at
                                                                                            Board and committee meetings during FY26 are set out in the
                                                                                            Directors’ Report.




                                                                                                                                                                    17
                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report




                    Board and Committees (continued)
                        Audit & Risk                            Remuneration, People                 Safety and Sustainability                  Nomination
                                                                & Culture
                        Each committee assists the Board on matters relating to:

                        •   the integrity and adequacy          •   Origin’s people strategies,      •     Origin’s strategies related to       •   the composition of the
                            of the Company’s                        policies, practices and                safety and sustainability;               Board, including Board skills,
                            accounting and corporate                Company culture;                 •     Origin’s climate change                  independence and diversity;
                            reporting systems, policies         •   Origin’s approach to diversity         strategy, commitments, actions, •        Board and CEO
                            and processes;                          and inclusion;                         emissions reduction targets              succession planning and
                        •   the internal control framework;     •   the remuneration strategy,             and approach to a just                   appointment process;
                        •   the external and internal               policy and structure                   energy transition;                 •     Board and Director
                            audit functions;                        and specific remuneration        •     Origin’s safety and sustainability       performance evaluation;
                        •   Origin’s risk management                outcomes for the CEO and ELT;          risks and/or impacts arising       •     Director induction and
                            framework and the                   •   ELT (other than CEO)                   out of the Company’s activities          continuing professional
                                                                                                           and operations;




For personal use only
                            performance against it;                 appointments, development                                                       development; and
                        •   identifying and monitoring              and succession planning; and     •     compliance with                      •   the framework and process for
                            strategic, material and             •   Origin’s compliance with               statutory safety and                     assessing the performance of
                            emerging risks, such as                 statutory remuneration and             sustainability obligations and           the Board, its committees and
                            conduct risk, digital disruption,       people-related obligations             internal requirements;                   individual Directors.
                            cyber security, privacy and             and the Company’s                •     specific safety and sustainability
                            data breaches; and                      internal requirements.                 risks and/or impacts and
                        •   the effectiveness of the                                                       learnings from those; and
                            Company’s compliance                                                     •     activities of executive
                            framework to meet                                                              management to enhance the
                            relevant regulatory and                                                        safety and sustainability culture.
                            legal requirements.

                        The committee’s membership consists of:

                        •   five NEDs, all of                 •     five NEDs, all of whom           •     the CEO and five independent         •   four NEDs, all of
                            whom are independent,                   are independent, including             NEDs. The direct impact the              whom are independent,
                            including the Chair, who is             the Chair.                             deliberations of the committee           including the Chair.
                            not the Chair of the Board.                                                    can have on the day-to-day
                            All members of the committee                                                   operations of Origin makes it
                            are financially literate, and the                                              appropriate for the CEO to be a
                            committee possesses sufficient                                                 member of the committee. The
                            accounting and financial                                                       majority of the committee, and
                            expertise and knowledge                                                        its Chair, are independent.
                            of the industry in which
                            Origin operates.


                    B OARD AND C OM MI T TE E M E E T I N G S                                            A CC E S S T O A D V I CE AN D I N FO R MA T I O N

                    In FY26, the Board held eight scheduled meetings and two                             All Directors have access to Company employees, advisors and
                    additional meetings to deal with urgent matters. The Board                           records. In carrying out their duties and responsibilities, Directors
                    also held briefings and workshops on specific topics and                             have access to advice and counsel from the Chair, General
                    conducted site visits of Company operations and met with                             Counsel and the Company Secretary and are able to seek
                    operational management.                                                              independent professional advice at the Company’s expense, after
                                                                                                         consultation with the Chair.
                    From time to time, the Board delegates its authority to non-
                    standing committees of Directors to consider matters of particular
                    relevance or urgency. In the 12 months to 30 June 2026, four such
                    additional Board committee meetings were held.

                    At Board meetings, Directors receive reports from executive
                    management on financial and operational performance, risk,
                    strategy, people, safety and sustainability and major projects or
                    initiatives in which Origin is involved. The Directors also receive
                    reports from Board committees and, as appropriate, presentations
                    on opportunities and risks for the Company.

                    NEDs also meet without the presence of the CEO or other
                    management to address such matters as succession planning, key
                    strategic issues, and Board operation and effectiveness.




     18
                    Corporate Governance Statement




                    Shareholders
                    D I SCL OSURE                                                           A NN UA L G E NE RA L M E E T I NG
                    Origin has adopted policies and procedures designed to ensure           Origin encourages shareholders to attend and participate in
                    compliance with its continuous disclosure obligations under ASX         its AGM in person, by proxy or attorney, or by other means
                    Listing Rule 3.1 and make senior management and the Board               adopted by the Board. At the AGM, the Chair allows a reasonable
                    accountable for that compliance. The Continuous Disclosure              opportunity for shareholders to ask questions of the Board and
                    Policy is available on the Company’s website.                           the Company.

                    Material matters are disclosed immediately to the securities            The external auditor attends the Company’s AGM and is also
                    exchanges on which Origin’s securities are listed, as required          available to answer questions from shareholders relevant to the
                    by the relevant listing rules (and subsequently to the media,           audit. Shareholders who are unable to attend the AGM can view
                    where relevant). Shareholders can subscribe to an email                 a webcast of the meeting on the Company’s website.
                    notification service and receive notice of any securities exchange
                                                                                            All resolutions at an Origin meeting of shareholders are decided by
                    announcements released by the Company. Consistent with the
                                                                                            a poll rather than by a show of hands.
                    Company’s Continuous Disclosure Policy, the Board approves




For personal use only
                    releases to the market which includes disclosure of a profit
                    projection or forecast and those relating to matters that are           Risk and assurance
                    material and strategically important to the Company. The Board
                    also receives copies of other material market announcements             R I SK F R AM E WO RK
                    promptly after they have been made.
                                                                                            Our risk management framework supports the identification,
                    Origin also provides periodic disclosure to keep the market             management, monitoring and reporting of current, strategic
                    informed, including quarterly releases and half and full-year reports   and emerging risks in line with Board approved Risk Appetite
                    to shareholders. Origin has a process to verify the integrity of all    Statements. Management is responsible for the design and
                    corporate reports released to the market, including reports not         implementation of the risk management and internal control
                    audited or reviewed by an external auditor. The process includes        systems to manage the Company’s risks.
                    review by relevant subject matter experts and approval by senior
                    executives and, where appropriate, the Board prior to release.          The ELT Risk, Assurance and Compliance Committee is the
                                                                                            primary executive-level risk governance committee at Origin, to
                    Origin also participates in industry conferences and hosts investor     enable the CEO and ELT to discharge their risk management
                    briefings. Copies of presentation materials of any new and              responsibilities. The Audit and Risk Committee oversees current,
                    substantive investor or analyst presentations are released to the       strategic, and emerging risks and provides oversight that the
                    securities exchanges ahead of the presentation.                         Company is operating with due regard to the risk appetite set by
                                                                                            the Board in areas including finance, people, operations, HSSE,
                    I NV ESTOR RELATIO N S
                                                                                            IT and compliance. The Committee has an annual calendar that
                    Origin has a wide stakeholder engagement program and a                  includes regular detailed reviews on specific risks.
                    dedicated investor relations function to facilitate effective two-way
                                                                                            A review of the risk management framework was completed
                    communication with shareholders. The Company participates in
                                                                                            during the financial year and based on that review, the Audit
                    regular surveys to garner feedback from shareholders on how this
                                                                                            and Risk Committee reported to the Board that they are satisfied
                    function is performing and can be improved. The Chair and the
                                                                                            that, as at 30 June 2026, the framework is sound and Origin is
                    Chair of the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee meet
                                                                                            operating with due regard to the risk appetite set by the Board,
                    with shareholders and proxy advisors each year.
                                                                                            while continuing to highlight opportunities to further strengthen
                                                                                            the visibility and management of material risks and dependencies
                    W EBSITE AND ELE CT RON I C C O M MU N I C A T I O NS
                                                                                            across the Company.
                    Origin respects the rights of its shareholders and has adopted
                                                                                            Further details on Origin’s risk management framework are set out
                    policies to facilitate the effective exercise of those rights through
                                                                                            in the Operating and Financial Review.
                    participation at general meetings and provision of information
                    about Origin and its operations.

                    All communications from, and most communications to, Origin’s
                    share registry are available electronically, and shareholders are
                    encouraged to take up the option of e-communications.

                    Shareholders can review the financial and non-financial
                    performance of Origin via ASX announcements, the Annual
                    Report, investor presentations and AGM materials. These reports
                    are available on the ASX and on Origin’s website. Shareholders may
                    also request hard copies.

                    Origin’s website contains a list of key dates and all recent
                    announcements, presentations, past and current company reports
                    and notices of meetings. Shareholder meetings and results
                    announcements are webcast and an archive of these meetings is
                    published on the Company’s website.




                                                                                                                                                                  19
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    Risk and assurance (continued)
                    A SSURANCE                                                              C E O / CF O SI G N- O FF
                    Origin’s approach to managing risks and controls reflects the           Prior to approval of the Company’s financial statements for each
                    ‘three lines’ model. The first line comprises operational business      financial period, the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer give the
                    managers who own and manage risks and undertake first line              Board a declaration that, in their opinion, the financial records
                    assurance. The second line comprises the corporate functions and        have been properly maintained, that the financial statements
                    embedded risk, assurance and compliance teams that oversee,             complied with the accounting standards and gave a true and fair
                    monitor and challenge risks. The third line comprises the Origin        view, and that their opinion had been formed on the basis of a
                    Group Internal Audit function, who provide independent and              sound system of risk management and internal control, which was
                    objective assurance over the effectiveness of governance, risk          operating effectively.
                    management and internal controls.
                                                                                            E X TE RN AL A UD I T
                    The Internal Audit function uses both internal and external
                    resources to provide an independent appraisal of the adequacy           The external auditors have direct access to the Chair of the Audit
                    and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal         and Risk Committee and meet separately with the Audit and Risk




For personal use only
                    control systems. The Internal Audit team has direct access to           Committee without management present.
                    the chairs of the Audit and Risk Committee, and the Safety
                                                                                            The committee reviews the independence of the external auditor,
                    and Sustainability Committee. A risk-based approach is used
                                                                                            including the nature and level of non-audit services provided, and
                    to develop the annual internal audit plan and the safety and
                                                                                            reports its findings to the Board every six months.
                    sustainability audit plan, aligning planned internal audit activities
                    to the Company’s strategic priorities and key areas of risk.
                    These internal audit plans are approved by the Audit and Risk
                    Committee, and the Safety and Sustainability Committee annually,
                    and reviewed regularly for their effectiveness and coverage of
                    governance, risk management and internal control processes.

                    In addition to internal audit activities, first-and second-line
                    assurance activities are undertaken across the business. Assurance
                    activities are coordinated and reported to the relevant executive,
                    executive or management committees and, where appropriate,
                    relevant Board committees.




    20
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    Operating and Financial Review
                    F OR TH E F ULL YEA R E N DED 3 0 J U NE 2 0 26
                    This report forms part of the Directors’ Report.


                    1 Overview
                    Our purpose underpins everything we do: Getting energy right for our
                    customers, communities and planet

                    GE TTING ENERGY RI G HT F O R O U R C U ST O ME R S                                   C US TO ME RS
                    Our focus is on striving to provide affordable, reliable and cleaner energy to
                    our customers as we transition to a lower-carbon world.                                  C US TO ME R A CC OU N T
                    During FY26, we:                                                                            G RO WT H ( ‘0 0 0 )
                    •   continued to deliver reliable energy to our customers with strong
                        performances from our generation fleet and from Australia Pacific LNG,
                        which supplied more than 125 PJ to the domestic east coast gas market;                 4,695               4,937

                    •   increased customer accounts by 243,000 (including acquisitions) with
                        growth across electricity, gas and internet;




For personal use only
                    •   continued to support customers in hardship with $40 million spent in FY26
                        and ~$125 million over the past three years;
                    •   expanded our use of artificial intelligence to deliver better outcomes for
                        our customers, such as improved response times;
                    •   acquired two energy retailers, Energy Locals and 1st Energy; and                       FY25                 FY26

                    •   accelerated growth of our e-mobility solutions, with 2,841 electric vehicles
                        (EVs) under management at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                              $40M
                    In January 2026, Origin announced an extension of operations at the Eraring
                    Power Station to 30 April 2029, to support energy supply and reduce system
                    security risk in NSW through the energy transition.

                    In July 2026, Origin became aware of a data security incident involving
                    unauthorised access to some of our customers’ information. We do not take          spent on supporting customers in hardship
                    for granted the trust that customers place in Origin and we remain committed
                    to supporting those impacted by the recent data security incident.




                    GE TTING ENERGY RI G HT F O R O U R C O MM U NI T I E S
                    We aim to engage responsibly and respectfully with our local communities to
                    manage the impacts of our activities, and maximise the benefits, including            C OM MU NI T I E S
                    regional employment, local procurement, infrastructure development, and
                    community investment.                                                                          FI R ST N AT I O NS
                    During FY26, we:                                                                             S UP P L IE R S P E ND ,
                                                                                                          D I RE C T AN D I ND I RE CT ( $ M)
                    •   spent $475 million directly and indirectly with regional suppliers, up from
                        $404 million in FY25;
                    •   spent $21 million with First Nations suppliers, up from $20 million in FY25;           20.3                 20.9
                    •   continued to support communities through the Eraring Community
                        Investment Fund, with $1.7 million committed since inception;
                    •   provided regular updates on the Eraring site transition and closure to key
                        stakeholders, including the Eraring Community Forum;
                    •   undertook consultation to inform our $41 million shared benefits program
                        for the Yanco Delta Wind Farm;
                    •   worked with cultural heritage officers from Traditional Owner groups
                                                                                                               FY25                 FY26
                        to protect cultural heritage, with the equivalent of 1,000+ days spent
                        scouting and monitoring construction activities at Australia Pacific LNG’s
                        upstream operations; and


                                                                                                             $475M
                    •   contributed more than $3.7 million to communities through the Origin
                        Foundation, via grants, employee volunteering, our workplace giving
                        program and in-kind and other donations.

                                                                                                             Direct and indirect spend with
                                                                                                                   regional suppliers




                                                                                                                                                   21
                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report




                    1 Overview (continued)
                    GE TTING ENERGY RI G HT F O R T HE P L A N ET
                    The energy transition is core to our strategy and key to delivering on our
                    purpose. Our long-term ambition is to achieve net zero Scope 1, 2 and 3                       P L AN E T
                    emissions by 2050. As we work to progressively decarbonise our business, we
                    acknowledge the path to achieving our emissions reductions targets may not                G R E E N HO USE GA S E MI S S IO N S
                    be linear.                                                                                  ( E Q UI T Y B ASI S, M T C O 2 -E )
                    During FY26, we:
                                                                                                                       45.1                   44.0
                    •   recorded total Scope 1, 2 and 3 equity emissions of 44.0 Mt CO2-e, down
                        from 45.1 Mt CO2-e in FY25 (Scope 1 emissions were down by 7 per cent);
                    •   commissioned 1 GW / 3.4 GWh of owned and contracted grid scale
                        batteries on time and on budget out of a total of 1.8 GW / 6.4 GWh (further
                        300 MW / 650 MWh operational in August 2026 from Mortlake battery);




For personal use only
                    •   grew our Virtual Power Plant (VPP) by 135 MW to 1,589 MW across
                        409,000 connected services;
                    •   applied 14,772 ML of water produced from Australia Pacific LNG
                        operations to beneficial uses, such as crop irrigation, livestock drinking                     FY25                   FY26
                        water, or injection into aquifers; and
                                                                                                                   Scope 1          Scope 2   Scope 3
                    •   increased our ash-reuse rate at Eraring Power Station to 77 per cent, up
                        from 61 per cent in FY25.



                                                                                                                    1.3 GW
                                                                                                            Batteries (owned and contracted) online out
                                                                                                             of 1.8 GW battery development program




                    OU R PEO PL E
                    We aim to create a workplace where all our people feel included, respected,
                    and safe at work. We ask that everyone at Origin is mindful of health and                     P E O P LE
                    safety risks, empowered to manage them, and accountable for doing so.

                    During FY26, we:                                                                           T O TA L RE C O RD A BL E I NJ U R Y
                                                                                                                 F R E Q UE NC Y RA TE ( TR IF R )
                    •   recorded a TRIFR of 2.9, a 34 per cent improvement on our
                        FY25 outcome;                                                                         6

                    •   achieved a 29 per cent improvement in Actual Serious Injuries, with the key                          4.4
                        causal factors of serious injuries being line-of-fire and slips, trips and falls;     4
                    •   recorded a total of 3 Tier 1 and 6 Tier 2 process safety incidents, up from 1                                          2.9
                        and 5 respectively in FY25;
                    •   achieved an employee engagement score of 7.5 (out of 10), up from 7.4                 2
                        in FY25;
                    •   continued to support our Eraring employees through the power station's               0
                        transition to retirement, with more than 600 training courses funded since
                        our Future Directions program was implemented in 2022; and                                           FY25             FY26

                    •   maintained 40 per cent female representation in two of our four leadership
                        cohorts, with representation in senior leadership roles up to 39.7 per cent,
                        from 38.3 per cent in FY25.


                                                                                                                      7.5/10
                                                                                                                    Employee engagement score




    22
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    1 Overview (continued)
                    FI N ANCIAL PERFORM AN CE




                               STA TUTO RY                                              UN D E RL Y I N G                                        U ND E R L Y I NG
                               PR OFIT ($M )                                            P R O FI T ( $ M)                                        EBITDA ($M)

                                 1,481                 1,574                             1,490
                                                                                                                                                   3,411                  3,220
                                                                                                                1,159




For personal use only
                                 FY25                  FY26                               FY25                  FY26                               FY25                   FY26




                               AD JUSTED FR EE C AS H                                   AD J US TE D NE T                                        F I NA L D I V I D E ND


                                                                                                                                            30 cps
                               FL OW ($ M)                                              DE B T / AD J UST E D
                                                                                        UN D E R L Y I NG E B I TD A 1
                                                       2,074

                                                                                                                                            100% franked
                                1,207
                                                                                   1.6x                                                     60 cps total FY26 dividend
                                                                                   Down from 1.7x at                                        (50% of FY26 Adjusted Free
                                                                                   30 June 2025                                             Cash Flow)
                                 FY25                  FY26


                    FY26 Underlying Profit decreased by $331 million to $1,159 million primarily due to an expected reduction in commodity-linked earnings
                    from Integrated Gas and higher depreciation and amortisation expense associated with our generation and storage portfolio, partially
                    offset by improved earnings in Energy Markets.

                    FY26 Underlying EBITDA decreased by $191 million to $3,220 million reflecting a $582 million reduction in Integrated Gas due to lower
                    Origin trading gains as well as lower realised prices and volumes at Australia Pacific LNG, partially offset by a $298 million increase in
                    Energy Markets and an $80 million increase in Octopus Energy. See the Review of Segment Operations for more information on Energy
                    Markets, Integrated Gas and Octopus Energy performance.

                    Adjusted Free Cash Flow was up $867 million to $2,074 million, driven by strong cash flows from both Energy Markets and Australia
                    Pacific LNG and lower tax paid. The cash performance was ahead of expectations and resulted in Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted
                    Underlying EBITDA decreasing to 1.6x.

                    We are continuing to invest in the energy transition and 1.3 GW out of a total 1.8 GW of large-scale battery projects (owned and
                    contracted) are now generating revenue and providing portfolio benefits. We are also progressing pre-FID development activities for the
                    ~1.5 GW Yanco Delta Wind Farm development project. We continue to support the rapid global growth of Octopus Energy and Kraken
                    Technologies with Octopus now at ~19 million retail customer accounts and Kraken at 95 million contracted customer accounts. During
                    the year, we also supported a suite of transactions that laid the foundations for formal separation of Octopus and Kraken, which completed
                    on 17 June 2026. Kraken’s US$1 billion equity raise completed after year end with Origin’s investment of US$140 million ($210 million)
                    occurring in July.

                    The Board has determined to pay a final dividend of 30 cents per share, fully franked, bringing total distributions for the year to 60 cents
                    per share, fully franked which amounts to 50 per cent of Adjusted Free Cash Flow.




                    1
                        Adjusted Underlying EBITDA excludes Origin’s share of EBITDA from Australia Pacific LNG and Octopus Energy and includes cash distributions from Australia Pacific LNG
                        (adjusted from prior year to include the benefit of franking credits attached to dividends received from Australia Pacific LNG).
                                                                                                                                                                                                23
                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report




                    2 Our strategy
                    OU R STRATEGY


                        Our purpose                                   Getting energy right for our customers, communities and planet




                        Our ambition                            Lead the energy transition through cleaner energy and customer solutions




                         Our strategic objectives
                                                                   Unrivalled                                      Accelerate                       Deliver reliable
                                                                   customer                                        renewable                        energy
                                                                   solutions                                       and cleaner                      through the




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   energy                           transition
                        Our decarbonisation priorities
                                                                                  Enable                                         Grow                            Reduce
                                                                                customers                              our portfolio of renewable          emissions from our
                                                                              to decarbonise                              and cleaner energy               existing operations



                    OU R BUSINESS DR I V ERS

                    As a leading integrated energy company, Origin’s earnings drivers are spread across the energy value chain.

                    Our wholesale electricity margin is driven by outperforming the market cost of energy through our supply portfolio (including our power
                    stations and supply contracts). Our portfolio of coal and gas generation plants, renewable energy Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs),
                    newly developed battery storage and market supply and hedge contracts provides us with the flexibility to manage energy procurement
                    costs. As we sell more energy than we generate, we have the ability to build or contract renewable energy and storage.

                    In natural gas, Origin’s wholesale margin is driven by a strong gas supply portfolio, with pipeline and storage flexibility enabling us to direct
                    gas to where it is needed most. A large portion of our supply is under long-term contracts that are either fixed-price1 or linked to oil or LNG
                    spot prices. Some of our contracts reprice to market over time.

                    Our profitability in energy retailing is driven by disciplined margin management, efficient operations, innovative products and digital
                    capabilities that support customer service and operational performance. We aim to enhance customer lifetime value through providing
                    adjacent products such as broadband, EVs, EV chargers and batteries as well as through the orchestration of devices through our leading
                    in-house VPP and digital and data analytics platform.

                    We have a 22.7 per cent interest in Octopus Energy, a fast-growing UK-based energy company as well as 22.7 per cent (19.6 per cent
                    directly,2 3.1 per cent indirectly) in the now separate Kraken Technologies, a leading enterprise software platform for utilities which has
                    significant global licensing potential. Octopus is the largest energy retailer by customer accounts in the UK and a fast growing presence in
                    other non-UK markets.

                    Origin is the upstream operator of and has a 27.5 per cent interest in Australia Pacific LNG, Australia’s largest CSG to LNG project. Australia
                    Pacific LNG is a significant supplier to both domestic gas and international LNG markets, with the majority of volume contracted until
                    around 2035. Profitability is underpinned by maintaining a low capital and operating cost base relative to revenue, much of which is linked
                    to oil prices. In FY26, around 80 per cent of Australia Pacific LNG gas volume was sold as LNG (of which 91 per cent was under long-term
                    oil-linked contracts).




                    1
                        Subject to CPI adjustments.
                    2
                        Post-separation direct share of 18.2% at 30th June, rising to 19.6% basic share after the 9th July equity raise.
    24
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    2 Our strategy (continued)
                    OU R STRATEGIC P I LL ARS

                        We have three strategic pillars:
                                                           U NRI V ALL E D C U ST O M E R S O LU T IO N S
                               Unrivalled customer         We have a leading retail business with over 4.9 million customer accounts, delivering a range
                                    solutions              of tailored products, a competitive cost base and lower churn than our Tier 1 competitors.

                                                           Our strategy to improve customer experience involves increasing the breadth of products
                                                           available including internet, connected solutions, e-mobility and other grid and behind
                                                           the meter offerings using our strong data analytics capability to enable personalised and
                                                           segmented experiences for our customers.

                                                           For our larger business customers, we are working to simplify the energy transition, offering a
                                                           holistic set of energy transition services through Origin Zero. We continue to offer customers




For personal use only
                                                           a portfolio of simple and affordable cleaner energy solutions. This includes rooftop solar
                                                           and batteries, GreenPower, electric vehicle solutions, renewable Power Purchase Agreements
                                                           (PPAs), demand management and energy insights.
                                       Enable
                                     customers             Through our Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies investments, we have access to a
                                   to decarbonise          leading UK retail brand and a proven enterprise software platform, both with exposure to
                                                           global growth.



                                                           AC CEL E RAT E RE N E W A BL E S A N D C LE A N E R E N E R G Y

                              Accelerate renewable         We will invest in cleaner energy to support our customers’ demand for energy and
                               and cleaner energy          decarbonisation solutions. We will increase our renewable energy supply through new
                                                           investments, partnerships, and projects, targeting renewable growth opportunities through
                                                           a staged and disciplined investment and/or contracting approach.

                                                           In addition to our significant thermal peaking generation portfolio, we are growing our 'firming
                                                           capacity' such as batteries and our VPP to support the growth of renewables during periods
                                                           of peak demand and lower renewable generation.

                                                           We have developed a proprietary VPP platform to connect and use artificial intelligence
                                                           (AI) to orchestrate distributed assets. We are growing our battery storage portfolio and have
                                                           committed to approximately 1.8 GW of owned and contracted battery projects to date.

                                      Grow                 We continue to progress pre-FID activities for the ~1.5 GW Yanco Delta Wind Farm
                            our portfolio of renewable     development project, however economics have been challenged by cost inflation, even with
                               and cleaner energy          potential support from the Federal Government’s Capacity Investment Scheme.




                                                           D EL I V ER R E L IA BL E E N E RG Y T HR O U G H T H E T R AN S IT IO N

                             Deliver reliable energy       We have a valuable portfolio of assets that play a critical role in providing customers with
                             through the transition        reliable and affordable energy as we transition to a low-carbon future. We believe gas will
                                                           remain a key part of the energy mix during the transition.

                                                           We have a 27.5 per cent interest in Australia Pacific LNG, which continues to be a low cost
                                                           producer and major supplier of gas for domestic and export customers.

                                                           Our coal-fired Eraring Power Station continues to play a valuable role in supporting the
                                                           reliability and security of the electricity market. Eraring is scheduled for closure in April 2029
                                                           and we are looking to replace it with a mix of renewables and storage as well as market
                                                           contract opportunities.

                                                           Our existing thermal peaking generation will play an increasingly critical role in providing
                                      Reduce               capacity and firming as coal generators such as Eraring retire and are replaced by intermittent
                                emissions from our         renewables. We are exploring opportunities for additional gas peaking capacity, should
                                existing operations        market and economic conditions be supportive, while having regard to our strategy and
                                                           emissions reduction targets.

                                                           We have a leading domestic wholesale gas portfolio with the ability to transport gas across
                                                           the east coast to support our gas fired generation fleet as well as our residential, business and
                                                           wholesale customers.




                                                                                                                                                                25
                                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report




                    3 Guidance
                    The following guidance is provided on the basis that market conditions do not materially change and that the regulatory and political
                    environment do not result in adverse impacts on operations.

                    ENER GY MARKETS
                    FY27 EBITDA is expected to be $1,550 – $1,850 million.

                    Electricity gross profit is expected to be relatively stable as the ramp up of batteries in our portfolio offsets the impact of a decrease in the
                    wholesale component of customer tariffs.

                    Gas gross profit is expected to remain relatively stable, subject to the outcome of a price review underway for the Otway supply contract.

                    Cost to serve is expected to increase moderately driven by the full year impact of retail acquisitions in FY26 and the reallocation of costs
                    previously reported in the Future Energy business unit. Cost to serve per customer account is expected to remain steady.

                    Energy Services and Internet is expected to grow moderately with continued customer growth across Community Energy Services
                    and Internet.




For personal use only
                    I NTEG RATED GAS
                    We estimate Australia Pacific LNG production in FY27 of 625 - 670 PJ (Australia Pacific LNG 100 per cent) reflecting lower output across
                    some fields (particularly Asset East) due to natural field decline, partially offset by optimisation activities.

                    We estimate total Australia Pacific LNG capex and opex1 of $3.0 – $3.3 billion, reflecting increased drilling across all areas including new
                    Asset East fields and associated infrastructure following regulatory approvals, partially offset by lower exploration and appraisal spend
                    as we assess the results of the Taroom Trough and CSG horizontal pilot wells previously drilled and fracture stimulated. The incremental
                    production from the increased drilling activity, combined with continued optimisation initiatives, is expected to partially offset natural field
                    decline in future years, noting an approximate two year lead time from drilling to peak production.

                    At 3 August 2026, approximately 40 per cent of Australia Pacific LNG’s FY27 JCC exposure was priced (based on LNG contract lags)
                    at approximately US$100/bbl before any hedging. Based on forward market prices, we estimate a loss in FY27 on oil and FX hedging of
                    $163 million, that would partially offset cash flows from Australia Pacific LNG.

                    See Section 5.2.2 for details of Integrated Gas oil and FX hedging and LNG trading.

                    GLO BAL G ROWTH - SH ARE O F O C T O P U S EN E R G Y
                    Octopus Energy is expected to continue to scale profitably in the UK delivering EBITDA of £25-50 per customer depending on the pace
                    of customer growth, the level of continued investment in smart tariffs and weather variability.

                    We expect continued growth in scaling customer positions in Non-UK Retail markets. The pace of investment outside of the UK will
                    depend on market opportunities.

                    More moderate investment in Energy Services is expected as it trends towards break-even EBITDA through operational and
                    scale efficiencies.

                    GLO BAL G ROWTH - SH ARE O F KR A K EN T EC H NO L O G I E S
                    Kraken is expected to achieve its target of 100 million contracted customer accounts during the year. Revenue is expected to grow by
                    more than 20 per cent, delivering subscription gross profit margins2 of greater than 70 per cent. EBITDA is expected to grow in line with
                    revenue, partially offset by higher migration delivery costs as Kraken pre-invests to accelerate future revenue and business development.

                    OR I G IN CAP ITAL EX PE NDI T U R E
                    Total Origin capex for FY27 is expected to be $450 – 650 million, subject to the timing of payments to key suppliers. $210 million
                    investment relating to the Kraken equity raise occurred in July 2026 and is in addition to this guidance.

                    Maintain and sustain capex of $200 – 300 million including Eraring and gas fleet planned outages.

                    Growth capex expected to be $250 – 350 million, primarily related to final spend on battery projects, other generation development
                    projects, Origin Zero initiatives, and a range of smaller growth and productivity investments.




                    1
                        Opex excludes purchases and reflects royalties at US$25/bbl. Based on contractual pricing and recent wholesale electricity forward curves and USD /AUD FX rates.
                    2
                        Subscription gross profit margin reflects subscription revenue minus associated direct costs (excludes other revenue and migration delivery spend related to
                        future revenue).
    26
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    4 Financial update
                    4. 1 R ECO NCILIATIO N FROM S T A T U T O R Y T O U N D E R L Y I N G P R O F I T

                                                                                                       FY26               FY25            Change             Change
                                                                                                       ($m)               ($m)              ($m)                (%)
                        Statutory Profit/(Loss)                                                        1,574               1,481                93                    6
                        Items Excluded from Underlying Profit (post-tax)
                        Increase/(decrease) in fair value and foreign exchange movements                (344)               (146)              (198)                136
                          Oil and gas                                                                   (240)                  1              (241)                 n/a
                          Electricity                                                                    (79)              (142)                63                  (44)
                          FX and interest rate                                                             (4)                 2                 (6)                n/a
                          Other financial instruments                                                     (51)                 -                (51)                n/a
                          FX gain/(loss) on foreign-denominated financing                                 30                  (7)               37                  n/a




For personal use only
                        Impairment, business restructuring and other                                     759                 137               622                  n/a
                        Total Items Excluded from Underlying Profit (post-tax)                           415                  (9)              424                  n/a
                        Underlying Profit                                                               1,159             1,490               (331)                 (22)


                    Fair value and foreign exchange movements reflect non-cash or non-recurring fair value gains/(losses) associated with commodity
                    hedging, interest rate swaps and other financial instruments. These amounts are excluded from Underlying Profit to remove the volatility
                    caused by timing mismatches in valuing financial instruments and the underlying transactions they relate to.
                    •    Oil and gas derivatives manage exposure to fluctuations in the underlying commodity price to which Origin is exposed through its gas
                         portfolio and indirectly through Origin’s investment in Australia Pacific LNG. See Section 5.2.2 for details.
                    •    Electricity derivatives, including swaps, options, forward purchase contracts and PPAs are used to manage fluctuations in wholesale
                         electricity and environmental certificate prices in respect of electricity purchased to meet customer demand.
                    •    Foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives manage exposures associated with the debt portfolio and foreign currency denominated
                         transactions. A portion of debt is euro-denominated and cross-currency interest rate swaps hedge that debt to AUD.
                    •    Other financial instruments mainly reflect fair value movements in Settlement Residue Distribution Agreement units and environmental
                         scheme certificates and surrender obligations.
                    •    Foreign exchange on foreign-denominated financing reflects currency fluctuations on unhedged USD debt. Debt is maintained in USD
                         to offset the USD-denominated investment in Australia Pacific LNG, which delivers USD cash distributions.

                    Impairment, business restructuring and other are either non-cash or non-recurring items and are excluded from Underlying Profit to better
                    reflect the underlying performance of the business. They include:

                                                                                                                                                                FY26
                                                                                                                                                                ($m)
                        Impairments                                                                                                                                 (83)
                        Business restructuring                                                                                                                      (32)
                        Other                                                                                                                                       874
                          LGC net shortfall refund/(charge)                                                                                                         148
                          Deferred tax liability utilisation/(recognition) - APLNG                                                                                   29
                          Onerous contracts                                                                                                                          34
                          Gain from waiver of exclusivity to Kraken platform                                                                                        147
                          Share of gain on demerger of Kraken Technologies                                                                                          484
                          Net capital gain amendment                                                                                                                 32
                        Impairment, business restructuring and other                                                                                                759


                    •    Impairments: $83 million relating to various generation development projects (primarily utility scale solar) and amounts owing to Origin
                         in relation to a gas storage project;
                    •    Business restructuring: $32 million relating to earn-out obligations in respect to past retail acquisitions, transaction costs associated
                         with the Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies demerger, and costs associated with Eraring closure restructuring activities;
                    •    LGC net shortfall: $148 million net refund received relating to a decision in prior periods to defer the surrender of a portion of Origin’s
                         large-scale generation certificates;
                    •    Deferred tax liability - Australia Pacific LNG: $29 million non-cash utilisation of deferred tax liability reflecting anticipated future
                         dividends to be paid out of Australia Pacific LNG's retained earnings;
                    •    Onerous contracts: $34 million provision release from changes in market assumptions relating to the Cameron LNG contract.
                    •    Gain on waiver of exclusivity to Kraken platform: $147 million post tax gain, net of utilisation of carried forward capital losses. In
                         December 2025, the Group signed an agreement with Octopus Energy to waive exclusivity to the Kraken platform in Australia in
                         exchange for an additional 1.5 per cent equity interest in Kraken. A $190 million pre-tax gain has been recognised in the current period,
                         reflecting the fair value of the consideration from the agreement to waive exclusivity;


                                                                                                                                                                           27
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report




                    4 Financial update (continued)
                    •    Share of gain on demerger of Kraken Technologies: $484 million gain related to Origin’s share of Octopus Energy's fair value gain on
                         the portion of Kraken retained by Octopus Energy; and
                    •    Net capital gain amendment: $32 million relating to a prior period tax return following the finalisation of a private binding ruling issued
                         by the Australian Taxation Office in December 2025.

                    The nature of Items Excluded from Underlying Profit set out in the above table has seen reviewed by our auditor for consistency with the
                    description in note A.1 of the Financial Statements.

                    4. 2 UND ERL YING P ROFI T

                                                                                                      FY26              FY25            Change             Change
                                                                                                      ($m)              ($m)              ($m)                (%)
                        Energy Markets                                                                1,701             1,404                298                  21
                        Integrated Gas - Share of APLNG                                               1,478              1,875              (397)                (21)




For personal use only
                        Integrated Gas - Other                                                          142               327               (185)               (57)
                        Share of Octopus Energy                                                          (8)               (88)               80                (90)
                        Corporate                                                                       (93)              (107)               14                 (14)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                            3,220               3,411              (191)                 (6)
                        Underlying depreciation and amortisation (D&A)                                 (579)             (478)               (101)                21
                        Underlying share of ITDA of equity accounted investees                       (1,038)            (1,038)                0                  (0)
                        Underlying EBIT                                                               1,603             1,895               (292)               (15)
                        Underlying interest income                                                       29                45                 (16)              (35)
                        Underlying interest expense                                                    (189)              (175)               (14)                 8
                        Underlying profit before income tax and non-controlling interests             1,443             1,765               (322)                (18)
                        Underlying income tax expense                                                  (284)             (276)                 (8)                 3
                        Non-controlling interests’ share of Underlying Profit                            (0)                 1                 (1)              n/a
                        Underlying Profit                                                             1,159             1,490               (331)               (22)
                        Underlying EPS                                                             67.4cps            86.7cps          (19.3cps)                (22)
                        Underlying ROCE - rolling 24 month                                           12.6%              14.6%                                (2.0%)


                    See Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 respectively for Energy Markets, Integrated Gas, and Share of Octopus Energy Group analysis.

                    Corporate costs decreased by $14 million, primarily due to unfavourable FX movements in FY25 not repeating.

                    Depreciation and amortisation increased by $101 million, primarily relating to Eraring Power Station which was depreciated during HY26
                    at a faster rate (based on an August 2027 closure date) prior to the announcement of extending to April 2029, as well as increases in
                    other generation assets, new owned and contracted batteries coming on line, retail acquisitions and accelerated amortisation of legacy
                    technology platform costs in Origin Zero.

                    Underlying share of ITDA of equity accounted investees was in line with the previous year, with lower ITDA from Australia Pacific LNG
                    ($137 million) offset by higher ITDA from Origin’s equity share of Octopus Energy ($137 million). Refer to Sections 5.2.1 and 5.3 for
                    further details.

                    Underlying income tax expense increased by $8 million despite a decrease in profit before tax, as the lower earnings were driven by equity
                    accounted investees (for which tax expense is recognised in the share of ITDA line). When adjusting for this, the underlying effective
                    tax rate for FY26 was 28 per cent. As a signatory to the Board of Taxation’s voluntary Tax Transparency Code, Origin publishes a Tax
                    Contribution Report each year which is available on our website once published.




    28
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    4 Financial update (continued)
                    4. 3 CASH FL OWS

                    OP ERATING CASH F L OW

                                                                                                      FY26               FY25            Change               Change
                                                                                                      ($m)               ($m)              ($m)                  (%)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                             3,220               3,411               (191)               (6)
                        Underlying equity accounted share of EBITDA (non-cash)                         (1,471)           (1,788)               317               (18)
                        Other non-cash items in Underlying EBITDA                                        214                217                 (3)               (1)
                        Underlying EBITDA adjusted for non-cash items                                  1,963              1,840                123                 7
                        Change in working capital                                                       (122)             (400)               278                (70)
                          Energy Markets                                                                (198)             (462)               264                (57)
                          Integrated Gas - excluding APLNG                                                 5                44                (39)               (89)




For personal use only
                          Corporate                                                                        71                18                53                294
                        Futures exchange collateral                                                      125              (240)               365                n/a
                        Other                                                                            109                 (8)               117               n/a
                        Tax paid                                                                        (158)              (767)              609                (79)
                        Cash flow from operating activities                                            1,917               425              1,492                n/a


                    Operating cash flow includes cash from Integrated Gas hedging activities, however the Australia Pacific LNG dividends are included in
                    investing activities.

                    Operating cash flow increased $1,492 million, reflecting:
                    •    higher underlying EBITDA adjusted for non-cash items (+$123 million) driven by Energy Markets partially offset by Integrated
                         Gas Other;
                    •    favourable working capital cash flows (+$278 million) reflecting an outflow of $122 million in FY26, compared with an outflow of
                         $400 million in the prior period. The outflow of $122 million in FY26 was driven by:
                         – Energy Markets working capital balances increasing by $198 million primarily due to:
                            – Retail working capital (-$234 million) including the unwind of $100 million out of $600 million of QLD Government bill relief
                              received in June 2024, and a combination of higher bill sizes and other debtor movements (-$180 million), partly offset by lower
                              volumes in May and June due to warmer temperatures;
                            – Inventory (-$74 million) mostly driven by a higher coal balance (1.1 mt at 30 June 2026 vs 0.9 mt at 30 June 2025) at a higher
                              average cost; and
                            – Green scheme inventory (+$112 million) driven by reduced purchases and higher certificate sales activity, partly offset by lower
                              certificate prices.
                         – Integrated Gas working capital balances decreasing by $5 million reflecting settlement timing of LNG trading activities; and
                         – Corporate working capital balances decreasing by $71 million due to changes in GST and other payables.
                    •    futures collateral (+$365 million) with inflows of $125 million in FY26 reflecting a return of cash collateral for exchange traded
                         commodity hedge contracts, compared to an outflow of $240 million in the prior period;
                    •    other movements (+$117 million), with inflows of $109 million in FY26 primarily reflecting $148 million refund from surrender of historical
                         shortfall strategy certificates offset by movements in provisions relating to employee benefits, and restructuring and transaction costs
                         associated with projects; and
                    •    lower tax paid (+$609 million) of $158 million in FY26 with prior period having a higher balancing tax payment for the FY24 tax return,
                         reflecting higher earnings in FY24 and partially franked Australia Pacific LNG dividends, and a refund associated with the FY25 tax
                         return received in FY26.

                    Underlying equity accounted share of EBITDA (non-cash) reflects share of Australia Pacific LNG ($1,478 million) and share of Octopus
                    Energy ($8 million loss). Other non-cash items include provisions for bad and doubtful debts ($175 million) and share-based remuneration
                    ($46 million).




                                                                                                                                                                        29
                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report




                    4 Financial update (continued)
                    I NV ESTING CASH FLO W

                                                                                                     FY26               FY25          Change             Change
                                                                                                     ($m)               ($m)            ($m)                (%)
                        Capital expenditure                                                           (969)            (1,473)            504                 (34)
                        Government grants received                                                      12                  6                6                100
                        Distribution from APLNG                                                         911               797              114                  14
                        Interest received from other parties                                            16                 26              (10)               (39)
                        Investments/acquisitions                                                       (68)              (226)             158                (70)
                        Disposals                                                                       35                   -              35                n/a
                        Cash flow from investing activities                                            (63)             (870)             807                 (93)




For personal use only
                    FY26 capital expenditure was $969 million, a decrease of $504 million, primarily reflecting reduced spend on major growth projects.
                    Capital expenditure comprised:
                    •    productivity/growth ($659 million) including Eraring battery ($430 million), Mortlake battery ($54 million), Origin Zero initiatives
                         including EV purchases and Kraken C&I implementation ($77 million) and Yanco Delta Wind Farm development project ($33 million);
                    •    generation maintenance and sustaining capital ($234 million), primarily due to Eraring ($91 million), including the Unit 4 maintenance
                         outage, Quarantine Power Station including Unit 3 upgrade ($49 million), Mortlake Power Station outage ($24 million) and other
                         maintenance activities across the generation fleet including major inspections and capital spares; and
                    •    other sustaining capital ($76 million) including LPG, CES and various projects in Retail, Wholesale, Trading and Corporate.

                    Government grants in FY26 represent amounts received from the Federal Government as reimbursement of capital expenditure
                    associated with the construction of a large-scale battery at Mortlake Power Station.

                    Cash distributions from Australia Pacific LNG amounted to $911 million in fully franked dividends, up from $797 million in FY25.

                    Investments/acquisitions primarily comprises of payments associated with the retail acquisitions of 1st Energy and Energy Locals as well as
                    incremental investments in Golden Beach. The $210 million payment associated with the Kraken equity raise was incurred in early FY27.

                    Disposals of $35 million relate to proceeds from the sale of Origin Zero assets (solar and electric vehicles).

                    FI N ANC ING CASH F LOW

                                                                                                     FY26               FY25          Change             Change
                                                                                                     ($m)               ($m)            ($m)                (%)
                        Net proceeds/(repayment) of debt                                              (410)             1,359           (1,769)               n/a
                        Operator cash call movements                                                   106                (14)             120                n/a
                        Purchase of shares on-market                                                  (109)               (82)             (27)                33
                        Interest and transaction costs                                                (239)              (215)             (24)                   11
                        Payment of lease liabilities                                                   (85)               (76)              (9)                 12
                        Dividends paid                                                                (971)              (991)             20                   (2)
                        Total cash flow from financing activities                                   (1,708)               (19)          (1,689)               n/a


                    Operator cash call movements represent the movement in funds held and other balances relating to Origin's role as the upstream operator
                    of Australia Pacific LNG.

                    On-market purchase of shares relates to employee share remuneration schemes and the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP).

                    Dividends paid represents the amount paid in cash, excluding the DRP.




    30
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    4 Financial update (continued)
                    FR EE CASH FLOW
                    Adjusted Free Cash Flow represents cash flow available to pay dividends, repay debt, invest in major growth projects or return surplus
                    cash to shareholders. Specific items, including major growth spend, are excluded from Free Cash Flow, to better represent cash flows from
                    the underlying business, and reported as Adjusted Free Cash Flow which is a measure relevant to our distribution policy.

                    In FY26, the following items have been excluded from Free Cash Flow to determine Adjusted Free Cash Flow:
                    •    capital expenditure related to the Eraring battery ($430 million) and Mortlake battery ($54 million);
                    •    cash inflows from futures collateral ($125 million); and
                    •    funds received in advance during FY24 from the Queensland Government of ~$600 million associated with the FY25 bill relief, to the
                         extent those funds have been applied to bills and settled by customers ($100 million in FY26).

                                                                             Share of          Integrated Gas
                                                           Energy            Octopus              - Share of       Integrated




For personal use only
                                                           Markets           Energy                 APLNG          Gas - Other       Corporate              Total
                        ($m)                             FY26     FY25      FY26    FY25        FY26     FY25      FY26     FY25     FY26     FY25      FY26      FY25
                        Underlying EBITDA                1,701    1,404       (8)       (88)    1,478    1,875      142      327      (93)     (107)    3,220       3,411
                        Non-cash items                     186       192       8        88     (1,478)   (1,875)      7          7     20         17    (1,257)   (1,571)
                        Change in working capital         (198)    (462)       -          -         -         -       5       44        71        18     (122)      (400)
                        Futures exchange collateral        125     (240)       -          -         -         -        -         -       -         -      125       (240)
                        Other                             102        102       -          -         -         -       2       (16)       5      (94)      109         (8)
                        Tax paid                             -         -       -          -         -         -        -         -    (158)    (767)     (158)      (767)
                        Operating cash flow              1,916      996        -          -         -         -     156      362     (155)     (933)    1,917       425
                        Capital expenditure              (962)    (1,454)      -          -         -         -      (3)      (17)      (4)       (2)    (969)    (1,473)
                        Government grants received          12         6       -          -         -         -        -         -       -         -        12         6
                        Cash distribution
                        from APLNG                           -         -       -          -         -         -      911     797         -         -       911       797
                        (Acquisitions)/disposals          (20)      (217)      -         (9)        -         -      (13)        -       -         -      (33)      (226)
                        Interest received                    -         -       -          -         -         -        -         -      16       26         16        26
                        Investing cash flow              (970)    (1,665)      -         (9)        -         -     895      780       12        24       (63)      (870)
                        Interest and transaction costs       -         -       -          -         -         -        -         -   (239)     (215)     (239)      (215)
                        Free Cash Flow                    946      (669)       -         (9)        -         -    1,051    1,142    (382)    (1,124)   1,615       (660)
                        Major growth spend                484      1,127       -          -         -         -        -         -       -         -      484       1,127
                        Queensland Government
                        funds received in advance         100       500        -          -         -         -        -         -       -         -      100       500
                        Futures exchange collateral       (125)     240        -          -         -         -        -         -       -         -     (125)      240
                        Adjusted Free Cash Flow          1,405     1,198       -         (9)        -         -    1,051    1,142    (382)    (1,124)   2,074     1,207




                                                                                                                                                                            31
                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report




                    4 Financial update (continued)
                    4. 4 CAP ITAL MAN AG EM EN T

                    A DJUSTED NET DE B T

                    Movements in Adjusted Net Debt ($m)



                                                                                                                                                              756


                                                                                                                         990                86



                                                                                                       223
                                                                                    971




For personal use only
                            4,654             (1,917)                                                                                                                          4,852


                                                                 (911)




                        30 June 2025        Operating        Fully franked       Dividend         Net interest        Net capex/        FX/Other         Net increase     30 June 2026
                                            cash flow          dividends                           payments          acquisitions/                        in leases
                                                             from APLNG                                            disposals/grants


                    Adjusted Net Debt increased $198 million, reflecting major capex spend, dividends paid to shareholders and an increase in lease liabilities
                    largely associated with the Supernode battery tolling agreements, partially offset by positive operating cash flow and distributions
                    received from Australia Pacific LNG.

                    Origin’s Adjusted Net Debt/Adjusted Underlying EBITDA1 ratio was 1.6x at 30 June 2026 which is below our target 2.0x - 3.0x range
                    driven by strong cashflow performance. In FY27, we expect this ratio to move into the lower end of our 2-3x target range, reflecting
                    completion of battery capex and remaining battery leases, Kraken investment and lower LNG trading gains. We believe our balance sheet
                    settings remain prudent given current market conditions.

                    Our long-term credit profile is Baa2 (stable) from Moody’s.
                                                                                                           Debt maturity profile
                    D EB T P ORTFOLIO M AN AG EM EN T                                                      - excluding lease liabilities (A$bn)
                    During FY26, Origin extended the tenor of two bank debt facilities                       2.0
                    totalling A$1,285 million and maturing in the 2027 financial
                    year to new facilities maturing in the 2030 and 2031 financial
                    years. The facility capacity was also increased by A$265 million
                    to A$1,550 million. We also extended the tenor of an existing                            1.5
                    A$350 million bank guarantee facility from the 2027 financial year
                    to the 2029 financial year.

                    Average term to maturity decreased from 3.6 years at 30 June
                    2025 to 3.4 years at 30 June 2026. The rolling 12-month average                          1.0
                    interest rate on drawn debt remained stable between FY25 and
                    FY26 at 5.0 per cent.

                    As at 30 June 2026, Origin held $113 million2 in cash and
                    $2.9 billion in committed undrawn debt facilities. This liquidity                        0.5
                    position of $3 billion is held to meet medium-term debt maturities
                    and capital requirements as part of Origin's energy transition, and
                    to maintain a sufficient liquidity buffer.

                                                                                                             0.0

                                                                                                                     FY27 FY28 FY29 FY30 FY31 FY32 FY33 FY34 FY35+
                                                                                                                    Capital Markets Debt & Term Loan
                                                                                                                    Loans and Bank Guarantees - Drawn
                                                                                                                    Loans and Bank Guarantees - Undrawn



                    1
                        Adjusted Underlying EBITDA excludes Origin’s share of EBITDA from Australia Pacific LNG and Octopus Energy and includes cash distributions from Australia Pacific LNG
                        (adjusted from prior year to include the benefit of franking credits attached to dividends received from APLNG of A$391 million in FY26 and A$342 million in FY25).
                    2
                        Excludes $194 million cash held on behalf of Australia Pacific LNG as upstream operator.
    32
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    4 Financial update (continued)
                    A US TRAL IA PACIFI C L NG F U ND I NG
                    Australia Pacific LNG partially funded construction via US$8.5 billion (100 per cent Australia Pacific LNG) in project finance facilities
                    executed in FY12. The outstanding balance at 30 June 2026 was US$3,042 million (A$4,428 million), net of unamortised debt fees of
                    US$15 million (A$22 million). Australia Pacific LNG’s average interest rate associated with its project finance debt portfolio for FY26 was
                    4.4 per cent.

                    Gearing3 in Australia Pacific LNG was 14 per cent as at 30 June 2026, up from 11 per cent at 30 June 2025.

                    On 31 March 2026, Australia Pacific LNG completed the refinancing of the commercial bank debt tranche of its existing project finance
                    facilities. Under the refinance transaction the amortisation of the outstanding commercial bank debt tranche is deferred to
                    FY31 – FY33 and the interest margin on the bank debt tranche is reduced by around 0.6 per cent per annum. The new bank debt balance
                    is US$591 million as at 30 June 2026.

                    Australia Pacific LNG project finance debt amortisation profile




For personal use only
                        Closing balance as at 30 June
                        (US$m)                                                     2026              2027             2028              2029             2030               2031             2032
                        Bank loan (variable)                                          591               591              591               591              591               441               141
                        US Exim                                                      679               382               162                  -                 -                -
                        USPP                                                        1,787            1,690             1,437              930               297                  -                 -
                        Total                                                      3,057            2,663             2,190              1,521              888               441               141


                    4. 5 SHAREHOLDER R ETURN S

                    The Board has determined a fully franked final dividend of 30 cents per share. This brings Origin’s total distributions to shareholders for
                    FY26 to 60 cents per share, representing 50 per cent of Adjusted Free Cash Flow. The final dividend will be paid on 2 October 2026 to
                    shareholders registered as at 3 September 2026.

                    The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will operate with nil discount and will be satisfied through on-market share purchases. The DRP
                    price of shares will be the average purchase price, rounded to two decimal places, bought on market over a period of 10 trading days
                    commencing on the third trading day immediately following the Record Date.

                    Origin will seek to deliver sustainable shareholder returns through the business cycle and will target an ordinary dividend payout in each
                    financial year of a minimum of 50 per cent of Adjusted Free Cash Flow per annum. Adjusted Free Cash Flow is defined as cash from
                    operating activities and investing activities (excluding major growth projects), less interest paid.

                    Excess cash flow after ordinary dividends will be applied to maintaining a strong capital structure, value accretive organic growth and
                    acquisition opportunities and/or additional shareholder distributions. The Company is expected to generate significant franking credits
                    over the foreseeable future, and any additional shareholder distributions are expected to be in the form of fully franked dividends.

                    The Board maintains discretion to adjust shareholder distributions based on economic and business conditions.




                    3
                        Gearing for Australia Pacific LNG is defined as project finance debt less cash, divided by project finance debt less cash plus equity. The FY25 gearing calculation reflected
                        a closing cash balance of US$1,919 million (A$2,930 million) of which US$800 million (A$1,222 million) was paid as a dividend to shareholders in early July 2025. The
                        closing cash balance at 30 June 2026 was US$955 million (A$1,390 million).
                                                                                                                                                                                                        33
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations
                    5. 1 E NERGY MARK E TS




                               UND ERL YIN G E BI T DA                                           OP E RA TI N G                                                   U ND E R L Y I NG R OC E 1
                                                                                                 CA S H F L OW


                          $1,701M
                          Up $298M vs FY25
                                                                                              $1,916M
                                                                                              Up $920M vs FY25
                                                                                                                                                           10.6%
                                                                                                                                                           Down from 11.3% in FY25




For personal use only
                               CU STO MER                                                        OR I G I N L OO P ( V PP )                                       C US TO ME R A CC OU N TS
                               HA PPINESS IN DEX 2                                               CO NN E CT E D A SS E TS


                          72.7%
                          Up from 69.4% in FY25
                                                                                              1,589 MW
                                                                                              Up from 1,454 MW in FY25
                                                                                                                                                           4,937k
                                                                                                                                                           Up 243k vs FY25




                                Fuel supply                     Transportation                      Generation and trading                         Networks                    Customer solutions

                             Assets / contracts

                                  • Gas                 • Flexible contracted gas transport        • 1 black coal generator                        • Regulated               • Core electricity, gas, LPG
                                  • Coal                  arrangements                             • Australia’s largest gas-fired fleet                                     • Behind-the meter solutions
                                  • LPG                                                            • Growing renewables and storage,                                         • E-mobility
                                                                                                     both owned and contracted                                               • Internet
                                                                                                   • Virtual power plant
                                 Enablers
                                                                                                   • Land access                                                             • Technology platforms
                                                                                                   • Regulatory approvals                                                    • Data analytics
                                                                                                   • Community engagement
                                                                                                   • Development supply chain




                    Origin’s Energy Markets business comprises Australia’s largest energy retail businesses by customer accounts, Australia’s largest thermal
                    peaking fleet supported by a substantial contracted fuel position, a growing supply of owned and contracted renewables and storage, and
                    Australia’s largest power station, the black coal fired Eraring Power Station.

                    The business reports on an integrated portfolio basis. Electricity and Natural Gas Gross Profit and cost to serve are reported separately, as
                    are the EBITDA of the LPG, Energy Services and Internet and Future Energy divisions.

                    5. 1 . 1 F INA NCIAL SU MM ARY

                                                                                                                                      FY26              FY25               Change                     Change
                                                                                                                                      ($m)              ($m)                 ($m)                        (%)
                        Electricity Gross Profit                                                                                      1,608              1,429                   179                         13
                        Natural Gas Gross Profit                                                                                            612            593                    20                          3
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve                                                                          (642)         (698)                    56                         (8)
                        LPG EBITDA                                                                                                          93              68                    24                        35
                        Energy Services and Internet EBITDA                                                                                  53             46                       7                       15
                        Future Energy EBITDA                                                                                                (22)           (35)                    12                       (36)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                                              1,701            1,404                   298                          21
                        Underlying EBIT                                                                                                1,143              950                    193                        20




                    1
                        24-month rolling average.
                    2
                        Customer Happiness Index (CHI) is a measure of customer satisfaction and is measured as the average for the 12 months.
    34
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                                                                                       Movements in Underlying EBITDA ($m)
                                                                                                                                                                              44
                                                                                                                                        (27)                  56
                                                                                                            23           24
                                                                            278            16
                                             65          (180)




                                                                                                                                                                                           1,701

                            1,404
                                                             Electricity                                                Gas
                                                            +$179 million                                            +$20 million




For personal use only
                            FY25            Retail     Business      Fuel & other     Volumes/            Customer   Supply costs      Volumes           Cost to serve    ES&I, LPG,       FY26
                                          customer     customer      procurement     acquisitions          tariffs                                                       Future Energy
                                            tariffs      tariffs        costs


                    Energy Markets Underlying EBITDA3 increased by $298 million to $1,701 million with higher earnings across all business units, including
                    targeted savings in cost to serve being delivered. Operating cash flow increased $920 million, driven by higher earnings as well as
                    favourable movements in working capital relative to FY25. The two-year rolling ROCE for the business was 10.6 per cent, down 0.7
                    percentage points from FY25 reflecting an increase in capital employed associated with battery developments.

                    5. 1 . 2 ELE CTR ICITY

                    Volume summary


                        Volumes sold                                          FY26                                                  FY25                                  Change           Change
                        (TWh)                                    Retail       Business              Total            Retail         Business                 Total         (TWh)              (%)
                        New South Wales(1)                          7.2              9.5             16.7                7.1               9.5                16.6                 0.1             0.6
                        Queensland                                 4.4               3.1                  7.5           4.4                3.2                  7.7               (0.2)           (2.6)
                        Victoria(2)                                 3.7              4.8                 8.5            3.4                4.4                  7.8                0.7             9.0
                        South Australia                             1.4              2.4                 3.9            1.4                2.6                 4.0                (0.1)            (2.5)
                        Total volumes sold                         16.7             19.9             36.5             16.3              19.7                 36.0                  0.5              1.4
                        Total volumes sold,
                        excluding CES                              15.7             19.9             35.5             15.4              19.7                  35.1                 0.5              1.4

                    (1) Australian Capital Territory customers are included in New South Wales.
                    (2) Tasmania customers are included in Victoria.


                    Gross Profit summary

                                                                              FY26                                        FY25                                        Change                Change
                                                                             $m            $/MWh                        $m               $/MWh                           (%)              ($/MWh)
                        Revenue                                           9,205                 258.9                 9,017                    257.1                        2.1                     1.9
                        Retail (mass market)                               5,821                 371.3                5,483                      357.1                     6.2                     14.2
                        Business                                          3,384                  170.3                3,534                    179.2                      (4.3)                    (8.9)
                        Cost of goods sold                            (7,597)                   (213.7)              (7,588)                (216.3)                        0.1                     2.6
                        Network and other costs                           (3,794)               (106.7)              (3,533)                (100.7)                         7.4                   (6.0)
                        Energy procurement costs                      (3,803)                   (107.0)              (4,055)                   (115.6)                    (6.2)                    8.6
                        Gross Profit                                      1,608                   45.2                1,429                      40.7                     12.5                     4.5
                        Gross margin %                                     17.5%                                      15.9%                                               10.2




                    3
                        Energy Markets segment excludes Octopus Energy.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           35
                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    Electricity Gross Profit increased $179 million to $1,608 million:                      Sources and uses of electricity (TWh)(1)
                    •    +$65 million relating to the lagged impact of higher wholesale                       40
                         costs flowing into retail customer tariffs;
                    •    -$180 million net impact of lower business customer tariffs
                         mainly relating to pool pass through arrangements;
                    •    +$278 million other cost of energy movements mainly
                                                                                                              30
                         comprising:
                         – +$182 million lower spot purchases largely driven by pool
                           pass through arrangements as well as battery earnings;
                         – +$121 million lower green scheme costs due to lower
                           regulatory percentages in the SRES and LGC schemes, and                            20
                           falling forward price curves across LGC and VEET schemes;
                         – +$70 million lower solar feed-in-tariff rate;




For personal use only
                         – +$88 million lower capacity contract costs with the roll-off of
                           legacy contracts and battery benefits; and                                         10
                         – -$183 million primarily higher market contract costs due to
                           the non-repeat of higher than normal swap trading benefits
                           in the prior period, combined with higher market prices,
                           partly offset by portfolio mix benefit from swaps replacing
                           higher cost generation volumes.                                                    0
                    •    +$16 million higher volumes largely due to customer growth and                                  FY25               FY26                  FY25              FY26
                         acquisitions.                                                                                  Sources            Sources                Uses              Uses

                    Our generation fleet continued to perform strongly during the year,                             Solar FiT                Renewables                  Retail
                    with high levels of reliability. Owned and contracted generation                                Coal (Eraring)           Gas                         Business
                    was lower by 1.3 TWh, primarily driven by coal and gas due to mild                              Other                    Swaps                       Losses
                    weather and increased renewables and storage in the NEM. Eraring                                Pool                     Short position
                    power station and the gas peaking fleet continued to play an                                    passthrough
                    important role in maintaining reliable supply for customers,
                    alongside the newly operational battery fleet. After adjusting for
                    pool purchases passed through to large business customers, the                          (1) Solar FiT relates to solar export volumes Origin purchases from customers and
                                                                                                                then on-sells in the portfolio.
                    short position was lower than FY25. Refer to Electricity Supply
                    table below.

                    Our committed battery developments of 1.8 GW remain on track with 1 GW / 3.4 GWh operational at 30 June coming online on time and
                    on budget. A further 0.3 GW / 0.65 GWh from the Mortlake Battery was operational in August 2026. We continue to progress pre-FID
                    activities in relation to the Yanco Delta Wind Farm development project.


                    Wholesale energy costs

                                                                                               FY26                                                           FY25
                                                                                   $m                 TWh             $/MWh                        $m               TWh               $/MWh
                        Fuel cost(1)                                             1,372                 16.0                 85.9               1,496                     17.6              84.8
                        Generation operating costs                                 342                 16.0                  21.4                335                     17.6               19.0
                        Owned generation(1)                                       1,714                16.0                 107.3               1,831                    17.6              103.8
                        Net pool costs(2)                                          274                  5.8                  47.5                  461                   5.8                79.1
                        Bundled renewable PPA costs(3)                             392                  3.8                 102.8                376                     3.9                97.2
                        Market contracts(4)                                        612                  9.0                  67.9                294                     6.7                43.7
                        Solar feed-in tariff                                       134                  3.3                  40.1               200                      3.3                61.1
                        Capacity hedge contracts                                   280                                                           368
                        Green schemes (excl. PPAs)                                 328                                                           469
                        Other                                                       69                                                             55
                        Energy procurement costs                                3,803                  37.9               100.3               4,055                  37.3                108.6

                    (1) Includes volume from internal generation.
                    (2) Net pool costs includes gross pool purchase costs net of pool revenue from generation, gross and net settled PPAs, and other contracts.
                    (3) Bundled PPAs includes cost of electricity and renewable certificates.
                    (4) Market contracts include swap and energy hedge contracts.




    36
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    Electricity supply

                                                                                                FY26                                  FY25                              Change
                                               Nameplate Type(1)                  Output         Pool revenue           Output         Pool revenue        Output         Pool revenue
                                                 capacity                            GWh          $m          $/MWh       GWh              $m    $/MWh       GWh           $m        $/MWh
                                                     MW
                        Eraring                        2,922
                        Units 1 - 4                    2,880 Black Coal            13,029        1,182            91      14,157      2,127        150       (1,129)     (946)          (60)
                        Gas Turbine                        42 OCGT                          -         -            -            -            -         -          -             -          -
                        Darling Downs                    644 CCGT                     1,221        133          109       1,657        332         200        (436)       (199)          (91)
                        Osborne(2)                       180 CCGT                      344          65          189           383      106         276         (39)        (41)         (87)
                        Uranquinty                       692 OCGT                      347          67           192          377          177     468         (30)       (110)        (277)




For personal use only
                        Mortlake                         584 OCGT                      616         90           146           572      160         280          43         (70)        (134)
                        Mount Stuart                     423 OCGT                           7         1          182           28          29     1,022        (22)        (27)        (839)
                        Quarantine                       234 OCGT                      154         48            314          202          82      406          (47)       (33)         (92)
                        Ladbroke Grove                     80 OCGT                      119         25          209            71          27      385          48          (3)         (176)
                        Roma                               80 OCGT                          8        2           195           19           9      474          (11)           (7)     (279)
                        Shoalhaven                       240 Pump/Hydro                134         20           146           165          48      290          (31)       (28)        (143)
                        Eraring battery(3)               460 Battery                   266          31           118            -            -         -       266             31        118
                        Internal generation            6,539                       16,244       1,664           102      17,633       3,097        176       (1,388)    (1,433)         (73)
                        Supernode 1                      260 Battery                       69        7          108             -            -         -        69              7       108
                        Supernode 2                      260 Battery                       20        2          107             -            -         -        20              2       107
                        Contracted generation            520                               89       10          108             -            -         -        89          10          108
                        Renewable PPAs                  1,555 Solar/Wind             3,922                                3,942                                (20)
                        Owned and
                        contracted                     8,614                      20,256                                 21,575                              (1,319)
                        generation

                    (1) OCGT stands for open cycle gas turbine; CCGT stands for combined cycle gas turbine.
                    (2) Origin has a 50 per cent interest in the 180 MW plant and contracts 100 per cent of the output.
                    (3) Eraring, Supernode 1 and Supernode 2 batteries commenced commercial operation on 24 December 2025, 14 February 2026 and 19 June 2026 respectively. Battery
                        volumes and pool revenue generated during asset construction and testing in FY26 are included above.


                    5. 1 . 3 NA TUR AL GA S

                    Volume summary

                                                                             FY26                                                   FY25                          Change             Change
                        Volume sold (PJ)                       Retail       Business               Total          Retail        Business            Total            (PJ)               (%)
                        New South Wales(1)                        11.2             18.5             29.7               11.3            23.4           34.6              (4.9)          (14.1)
                        Queensland                                 3.0            43.9              46.9               3.0             65.3           68.3             (21.4)          (31.3)
                        Victoria                                  17.8             22.1             39.9               18.7            24.3           43.0              (3.1)           (7.2)
                        South Australia(2)                         5.0               7.5            12.4                4.9                6.8        11.8               0.7            6.0
                        External volumes sold                    37.0             92.0            129.0                37.9           119.9         157.7              (28.7)          (18.2)
                        External volumes sold,
                        excluding CES                            34.8             92.0            126.8            35.4               119.9         155.3              (28.5)          (18.3)
                        Internal sales (generation)                                                 28.9                  -                  -        33.6              (4.7)          (14.0)
                        Total volumes sold                                                         157.9                  -                  -      191.4              (33.4)          (17.5)

                    (1) Australian Capital Territory customers are included in New South Wales.
                    (2) Northern Territory and Western Australia customers are included in South Australia.




                                                                                                                                                                                                37
                                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    Gross Profit summary

                                                                        FY26                                       FY25                                 Change               Change
                                                                      $m                $/GJ                     $m                  $/GJ                  (%)                ($/GJ)
                        Revenue                                     2,867                22.6                  3,167                 20.4                     (9.5)               2.2
                        Retail (mass market)                        1,478                 42.5                 1,440                 40.6                      2.6                 1.8
                        Business                                    1,389                  15.1                1,726                  14.4                    (19.5)               0.7
                        Cost of goods sold                        (2,255)                (17.8)               (2,574)                (16.6)                  (12.4)               (1.2)
                        Network costs                               (840)                 (6.6)                 (832)                 (5.4)                     1.0               (1.3)
                        Energy procurement costs                    (1,414)               (11.2)              (1,742)                 (11.2)                  (18.8)               0.1
                        Gross Profit                                  612                  4.8                  593                    3.8                     3.3                 1.0
                        Gross margin %                              21.4%                                      18.7%                                           14.1




For personal use only
                    Natural Gas Gross Profit increased $20 million to $612 million                    Sources and uses of gas (PJ)(1)
                    reflecting the following:                                                         200
                    •    Net tariff impact (+$23 million), with higher retail customer
                         tariffs reflecting prior period cost recovery (+$24 million), higher
                         trading tariffs including oil and JKM linked sales (+$30 million)             150
                         due to the roll off of legacy contracts, partly offset by lower C&I
                         tariffs in line with lower wholesale prices (-$31 million);
                                                                                                       100
                    •    +$24 million lower supply costs, reflecting lower JKM linked
                         costs partly offset by other contract price escalations and
                         supply mix changes; and                                                        50

                    •    -$28 million volumes impact, with lower Retail volumes due to
                         warmer winter weather and impacts of electrification                             0
                         (-$5 million, -0.6PJ), lower trading volumes net of swaps
                         (-$22 million, -28PJ), and lower C&I volumes                                                 FY25             FY26                  FY25          FY26
                         (-$1 million, -0.2PJ).                                                                      Sources          Sources                Uses          Uses
                                                                                                               APLNG - fixed price                  Retail
                    Gas-fired generation volumes were lower reflecting mild winter
                    conditions, increased baseload availability and higher renewable                           Other fixed price                    Business - C&I
                    and battery generation.                                                                    Oil/JKM linked                       Business - Wholesale
                                                                                                               Generation



                                                                                                      (1) Fixed price contracts are subject to CPI adjustments.




                    5. 1 . 4 ELECT RICITY AND NA T U R A L G A S C O S T T O S E R V E

                                                                                                              FY26                   FY25               Change               Change
                                                                                                                                                            ($)                 (%)
                        Cost to maintain ($ per average customer account)(1)                                    (138)                 (158)                     20                 (13)
                        Cost to acquire/retain ($ per average customer account)(1)                               (34)                  (35)                         1               (2)
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve
                        ($ per average customer account)(1)                                                     (172)                 (193)                       21               (11)


                        Maintenance costs ($m)                                                                  (514)                 (571)                       57               (10)
                        Acquisition and retention costs ($m)(2)                                                 (128)                 (127)                       (1)                1
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve ($m)                                         (642)                 (698)                        56                (8)

                    (1) Average Retail and Business customer accounts, excluding CES.
                    (2) Customer wins (FY26: 642,000; FY25: 589,000) and retains (FY26: 1,044,000; FY25: 992,000).


                    Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve decreased by $56 million, reflecting a $76 million reduction in underlying costs, partially offset by
                    a $20 million increase for a part year impact from the acquisitions of 1st Energy and Energy Locals. Compared to the FY24 target baseline
                    of $748 million, cost to serve has reduced by $106 million ($126 million after adjusting for these acquisitions, delivering the midpoint of the
                    targeted $100 million to $150 million reduction).




    38
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                                                                                                                        FY26                    FY25                Change     Change
                                                                                                                        ($m)                    ($m)(1)                 ($)       (%)
                        Labour                                                                                            (152)                   (170)                  19        (11)
                        Bad and doubtful debts                                                                            (157)                   (164)                   6        (4)
                        Other variable costs                                                                               (112)                   (111)                 (1)         1
                        Retail and Business                                                                               (421)                  (445)                  24         (5)
                        Wholesale                                                                                          (23)                    (25)                   1        (6)
                        Corporate services & IT                                                                           (198)                  (228)                  30        (13)
                        Electricity and Natural Gas cost to serve                                                        (642)                   (698)                  56         (8)

                    (1) FY25 classifications have been restated to reflect internal restructures, primarily relating to consolidation of functions into Corporate


                    Origin remains focused on continuous improvement in Retail operations and redesigning the service model for Business customers.




For personal use only
                    In FY26, 46 per cent of C&I customers migrated to Kraken and a leaner operating model was implemented for corporate support services
                    which combined with disciplined cost management contributed to improved operating efficiency. Call volumes and emails reduced by
                    13 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively, compared with FY25. The AI voice agent now serves more than 2.5 million customers, up
                    from 25,000 at 30 June 2025. Chat AI is in early piloting for a small subset of our customer base testing the experience. For business
                    customers, average case response time improved to 1.2 hours in FY26 from 4.2 hours in FY25, and average case cycle time improved to
                    2.8 days from 4.5 days.

                    Bad and doubtful debts decreased by $6 million in FY26 including the addition of the retail acquisitions and, as a percentage of
                    total Electricity and Natural Gas revenue, reduced to 1.31 per cent from 1.35 per cent in FY25. The improvement reflects an uplift
                    in collections capability and scaling of high-value collections activities through our automated credit decision engine DigiFox. While
                    collections capability strengthened, bad and doubtful debts continued to be affected by broader market conditions in FY26, including
                    increasing cost-of-living pressures, higher bill sizes and the roll-off of Queensland Government support. With the inflationary and cost
                    of living pressures we remain committed to relieving pricing impacts on customers including providing $40 million in customer support
                    in FY26.

                    Corporate services and IT costs were $30 million lower in FY26, reflecting the leaner operating model for support services.

                    Customer accounts

                        Customer accounts ('000) as at                                                                               30 June 2026           30 June 2025       Change
                        Electricity                                                                                                             2,926                 2,792       134
                        New South Wales                                                                                                           1,197                1,177       20
                        Queensland                                                                                                                 693                  679        15
                        Victoria                                                                                                                   749                  657        91
                        South Australia                                                                                                            288                  280         8
                        Natural Gas                                                                                                              1,382                1,338       44
                        New South Wales                                                                                                            428                  413        14
                        Queensland                                                                                                                  171                 176        (4)
                        Victoria                                                                                                                   542                  520        22
                        South Australia                                                                                                            242                  230        12
                        Total electricity and natural gas(1)                                                                                    4,309                  4,131      178
                        Internet                                                                                                                   283                  213        70
                        LPG                                                                                                                        346                  351        (6)
                        Total customer accounts                                                                                                 4,937                 4,695       243
                        Other products/services(2)                                                                                                   111                 117       (6)

                    (1) NSW includes ACT, SA includes NT and WA, and Victoria includes Tasmania customer accounts.
                        Includes 484,000 Community Energy Service customer accounts (FY25: 479,000).
                        Includes Energy Locals and 1st Energy customer accounts upon completion of acquisition on 3 Dec and 6 Feb respectively.
                    (2) Other products/services include Home Assist and VOIP.




                                                                                                                                                                                          39
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    Our churn differential advantage was 6.7 per cent, with Origin's        Monthly Churn (%)
                    churn at 15.0 per cent (12 month average) compared to the market         30
                    churn of 21.7 per cent. Customer Happiness Index was 72.7 per
                    cent, up from 69.4 per cent in FY25, with the second half of the
                    year averaging higher at 74.4 per cent.

                    FY26 was a period of significant customer growth, with an overall
                    increase of 243,000 customer accounts. Electricity and Natural
                                                                                             20
                    Gas customer accounts grew by 178,000, which includes 135,000
                    acquired through the acquisition of Energy Locals and 1st Energy,
                    coupled with organic growth of 43,000. Internet customer
                    accounts grew by 70,000, reaching a total of 283,000 customer
                    accounts. LPG customer accounts decreased 6,000 in the
                    residential and authorised dealer segment.                               10




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Jul-2024     Sep-2024   Nov-2024   Jan-2025   Mar-2025    May-2025
                                                                                                                                                                        Jul-2025   Sep-2025   Nov-2025   Jan-2026   Mar-2026   May-2026   Jun-2026

                                                                                                    Origin                        Market



                    5. 1 . 5 LPG

                                                                                                   FY26                                          FY25                              Change                            Change (%)
                        Volumes (kT)                                                                     368                                       329                                          39                                          12


                        Revenue and Other Income ($m)                                                   690                                        643                                           47                                            7
                        Cost of goods sold ($m)                                                        (473)                                     (452)                                         (21)                                            5
                        Gross Profit ($m)                                                                 217                                        191                                        26                                          13
                        Operating costs ($m)                                                            (124)                                     (123)                                           (2)                                           1
                        Underlying EBITDA ($m)                                                                93                                       68                                       24                                         35


                    Origin is one of Australia’s largest LPG suppliers, supplying residential and business customers across Australia through an integrated
                    procurement and distribution network.

                    Sales volumes increased 12 per cent, reflecting strong growth in the wholesale and commercial segments. EBITDA increased by
                    $24 million, driven by higher volumes, improved margins and ongoing operating cost efficiencies partly mitigating inflationary cost
                    pressures. Earnings were further supported by unrealised foreign exchange gains on US dollar denominated lease liabilities.

                    5. 1 . 6 ENE RGY SERVI CE S AN D I N T E R N E T

                                                                                                   FY26                                          FY25                              Change                                      Change
                                                                                                   ($m)                                          ($m)                                ($m)                                         (%)
                        Revenue and Other Income                                                         810                                       740                                          70                                             9


                        CES Gross Profit                                                                      165                                    162                                            4                                          2
                        Solar Gross Profit                                                                    29                                        10                                        19                                      179
                        Internet and Other Gross Profit                                                       52                                       42                                        10                                        24
                        Gross Profit                                                                     246                                        214                                         32                                          15
                        Operating costs                                                                 (193)                                     (168)                                       (26)                                          15
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                     53                                       46                                            7                                      15


                    The Community Energy Services (CES) business provides serviced hot water, natural gas and electricity via embedded networks, and
                    other related services such as metering, agency billing, communal solar and battery systems, to apartment blocks and commercial
                    sites, including shopping centres. Moderate increase in CES gross margin reflects relatively flat customer numbers following years of
                    strong growth.

                    For residential solar and batteries, Origin has transitioned to a partnership model where Origin provides sales leads but does not undertake
                    installation activities. This creates synergies by providing an additional channel to market for electricity and gas products, while also
                    adding capacity to Origin’s VPP. In FY26, Origin sold down its solar power purchase agreements (PPAs) for large business customers.
                    Solar gross profit improved by $19 million reflecting the transition to a new partnership model for residential customers, with one off costs
                    in FY25 not repeating, and improvements associated with an asset-light model for large business customers.

                    The Internet business remains a key pillar of Origin’s bundled product strategy, offering customers integrated energy and internet services.
                    Origin remains focused on scaling internet customers and achieved growth of 70,000 to 283,000 customer accounts in FY26. Gross
                    profit increased by $10 million in FY26, primarily reflecting the customer growth.
    40
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    The strong segment gross profit uplift was partly offset by a $26 million increase in operating costs, mainly due to higher activity required
                    to service internet customers following a transition to an in-house model on the Superloop platform, higher maintenance costs in CES
                    from the growing customer base and ageing legacy sites, and the non-repeat of a one-off restoration provision release for legacy Cogent
                    sites in FY25.

                    5. 1 . 7 F UT UR E ENERG Y

                                                                                                           FY26       FY25            Change             Change
                                                                                                           ($m)       ($m)              ($m)                (%)
                        Gross margin - Origin 360 EV                                                         31           17                14                80
                        Gross margin - Other                                                                  4            5                 (1)             (22)
                        Gross margin and other income                                                        35          22                 13                57




For personal use only
                        Operating costs - Origin 360 EV                                                     (24)         (18)               (6)               30
                        Operating costs - Other                                                             (33)        (38)                 5                (13)
                        Total operating costs                                                               (57)        (57)                (1)                 1
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                   (22)        (35)                12               (36)
                        Net (investments) / disposals(1)                                                     (1)          (4)                3                (63)

                    (1) Relates to investments in future energy technology focused private equity funds.


                    Future Energy includes earlier stage activities and initiatives such as Origin 360 EV, community batteries and costs associated with Origin
                    Loop, our in-house VPP.

                    Origin 360 EV, our e-mobility business, provides a full suite of end-to-end solutions to commercial and residential customers. We continue
                    to accelerate growth by scaling our fleet, subscription and charging solutions. EVs under management grew to 2,841 as at 30 June 2026,
                    up from 1,638 at 30 June 2025. Charging infrastructure installations also continued to grow strongly, with 987 chargers installed in FY26,
                    up 42 per cent from 696 in FY25.

                    Origin Loop provides connected solutions to customers. An increasing range of distributed assets is being aggregated, managed and used
                    flexibly to respond to market signals. Benefits are derived through lower energy procurement costs, which are recognised in Electricity
                    gross profit. Assets connected to Origin Loop grew by 9 per cent to 1,589 MW at 30 June 2026 across 409,000 connected services.
                    Load growth was primarily driven by growth in community and residential batteries, hot water and the EV Power Up program.

                    Origin 360 EV delivered positive EBITDA of $7 million in FY26, compared with a loss of $1 million in FY25, as the business continued to
                    scale, growing vehicle subscriptions and charging installations.

                    Other operating expenditure decreased by $5 million, reflecting productivity improvements, partially offset by increased investment in
                    community batteries and VPP technology.

                    From FY27, Origin 360 EV and community battery activities will be reported in the Energy Services and Internet segment, while the run
                    costs of Origin Loop will move to Electricity and Natural Gas Cost to Serve. The new reporting structure better aligns with the operations
                    of the business, with these technologies forming a core part of Origin’s product offerings and the associated gross margin from VPP
                    activity captured within Electricity gross profit. Overall, Origin Loop made a net positive EBITDA contribution in FY26.




                                                                                                                                                                     41
                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    5. 2 I NTEGRATED GAS




                               UND ERL YIN G E BI T DA                                     OR I G I N D I ST RI B UT I O NS                              U ND E R L Y I NG R OC E 1
                                                                                           FR O M A P LN G


                          $1,620M
                          Down $582M vs FY25 as expected
                                                                                     $911M
                                                                                     Fully franked up from $797M fully
                                                                                                                                                 22.1%
                                                                                                                                                 Down from 23.5% in FY25
                          with commodity-linked earnings                             franked in FY25




For personal use only
                               AP LNG                                                      AP L N G CA P E X                                             A PL N G 2P R E SE R V E S
                               PR OD UC TIO N ( 100 %)                                     AN D O P E X 2                                                ( 1 00 % )


                          668PJ
                          Down 2% vs FY25
                                                                                     $3.0bn
                                                                                     Up 5% vs FY25
                                                                                                                                                 9,619 PJ
                                                                                                                                                 Up 332 PJ before production




                                                                                                                        FY26                   FY25                Change                 Change
                                                                                                                        ($m)                   ($m)                  ($m)                    (%)
                        Share of APLNG (see Section 5.2.1)                                                               1,478                  1,875                  (397)                     (21)
                        Integrated Gas - Other (see Section 5.2.2)                                                         142                    327                   (185)                   (57)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                               1,620                  2,202                   (582)                    (26)
                        Underlying depreciation and amortisation                                                           (22)                   (21)                     (1)                        5
                        Underlying share of ITDA from APLNG                                                               (819)                 (956)                    137                     (14)
                        Underlying EBIT                                                                                   779                  1,225                   (446)                    (36)


                    Integrated Gas comprises Origin’s 27.5 per cent shareholding in Australia Pacific LNG as well as other Origin activities that are separate
                    from Australia Pacific LNG, including Origin commodity hedging and trading as well as other costs incurred (net of recoveries) as
                    upstream operator and corporate service provider to Australia Pacific LNG.

                    Integrated Gas' Underlying EBITDA decreased by $582 million or 26 per cent to $1,620 million, primarily due to lower average prices and
                    volumes at Australia Pacific LNG, as well as lower Origin LNG trading gains partially offset by lower operating costs. Lower average prices
                    at Australia Pacific LNG primarily reflected a lower realised oil price, FX movements and the completion of the price review with Sinopec
                    effective from 1 January 2025. Australia Pacific LNG continues to be a significant contributor to the east coast market. Average prices sold
                    to domestic customers remained below those paid by international customers.

                    Australia Pacific LNG continued to deliver strong cash flows and returns to Origin in FY26 and Australia Pacific LNG proven plus
                    probable (2P) reserves increased 332 PJ before production, driven by a 327 PJ increase in operated 2P reserves and a 5 PJ increase
                    in non-operated 2P reserves.3 Total 2P reserves replacement in FY26 was 50 per cent (operated reserves replacement was 61 per cent).




                    1
                        24-month rolling average.
                    2
                        Opex excludes purchases and reflects royalties at US$25/bbl.
                    3
                        Some of Australia Pacific LNG’s CSG reserves and resources are subject to reversionary rights and ongoing interest in favour of Tri Star. Refer to Section 7 for disclosure
                        relating to Tri-Star litigation associated with some of these CSG reserves.
    42
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    5. 2 .1 SHA RE OF AUS T RA L IA P A C I FI C L N G




                              Exploration and                        Drilling and                          Processing and                                  Domestic                           Liquefaction and
                                 appraisal                            gathering                            transportation                                  customers                          export customers

                         Assets, reserves and contracts

                        • 2P reserves of 9,619 PJ         • Thousands of active operated coal     • 12 gas processing facilities (GPFs)        • Legacy domestic contracts to 2041    • 2-train (~9 mtpa) LNG plant
                          (APLNG 100%)                      seam gas wells                        • 530km gas pipeline to Curtis Island        • One of the largest East Coast        • Legacy international contracts
                        • Large Taroom Trough tenure      • Gathering systems and high pressure                                                  gas suppliers                          to 2035 (~8.6 mtpa)
                          (exploration upside)              trunklines




For personal use only
                                     Enablers



                            • Land access and permits     • Community engagement
                            • Regulatory approvals        • Development supply chain




                    Origin holds a 27.5 per cent shareholding in Australia Pacific LNG, an equity accounted incorporated joint venture. Australia Pacific LNG
                    operates Australia’s largest CSG to LNG export project (by nameplate capacity) with the country’s largest 2P CSG reserves.4 Origin is the
                    operator of the upstream CSG exploration and appraisal, development and production activities. ConocoPhillips is the operator of the 9
                    mtpa two-train LNG liquefaction facility at Gladstone in Queensland.

                    As Australia Pacific LNG is an equity accounted incorporated joint venture, Integrated Gas reports its share of Australia Pacific LNG
                    EBITDA. The share of Australia Pacific LNG ITDA is recorded as a line item below EBITDA.

                    Australia Pacific LNG acquired various CSG interests from Tri-Star in 2002 that are subject to reversionary rights and an ongoing
                    royalty interest in favour of Tri-Star. These interests represent approximately 20 per cent of Australia Pacific LNG’s 2P CSG reserves
                    and approximately 19 per cent of 3P (proved plus probable plus possible) CSG reserves (as at 30 June 2026). Refer to Section 7 for
                    disclosure relating to Tri-Star litigation associated with these CSG interests.

                    In May 2025, Australia Pacific LNG completed the price review for its long-term LNG supply contract with Sinopec, through mutual
                    agreement. The price review resulted in a reduction in the JCC-linked contract slope, which is effective from 1 January 2025. The LNG
                    supply contract ends in December 2035 with one final price review in 2030, which is at Australia Pacific LNG's discretion.

                    FIN AN CI AL SUMM AR Y – AU ST R A L IA P A C IF IC L N G

                                                                                                                                          FY26                                              FY25
                                                                                                                                APLNG                        Origin                  APLNG                        Origin
                        ($m)                                                                                                     100%                         share                   100%                         share
                        Commodity revenue and other income                                                                          8,136                      2,237                  9,955                         2,738
                        Operating expenses                                                                                        (2,763)                       (760)                 (3,137)                        (863)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                                          5,373                       1,478                  6,818                         1,875
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                              (1,710)                      (470)                 (1,784)                        (490)
                        Project finance interest expense                                                                             (234)                        (64)                  (297)                            (82)
                        Other financing expense                                                                                       (112)                        (31)                  (112)                           (31)
                        Interest income                                                                                                   91                       25                     132                            36
                        Income tax expense                                                                                         (1,021)                       (281)                (1,424)                        (392)
                        Underlying ITDA(1)                                                                                       (2,986)                        (821)                (3,485)                         (959)
                        Underlying Profit                                                                                          2,387                         657                  3,333                              916

                    (1) See Origin Financial Statements note B.2.1 for details relating to a $2 million difference between APLNG ITDA and Origin's reported share in FY26. (FY25: $3 million)




                    4
                        As per EnergyQuest EnergyQuarterly, June 2026.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                43
                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                                                                               Movements in Underlying EBITDA ($m)


                                                   (13)              (424)


                                                                                               (72)                                           103
                                                                                                                          9




                               1,875
                                                                  Commodity revenue and other income                                                            1,478
                                                                           (-$500 million)




                                FY25            LNG volume         LNG price             Domestic revenue            Other income             Opex              FY26




For personal use only
                    Origin’s FY26 share of Australia Pacific LNG Underlying EBITDA was lower by $397 million, primarily due to lower LNG prices and lower
                    overall sales volumes, partially offset by lower operating expenses.
                    •    Commodity revenue and other income decreased by $500 million, primarily driven by a lower realised oil price of US$72/bbl (A$107/
                         bbl) compared to US$83/bbl (A$128/bbl) and completion of the price review with Sinopec effective from 1 January 2025.

                    •    Operating expenses reduced by $103 million driven by lower royalties reflecting lower commodity prices and lower power costs.

                    AUS TR ALIA PACIFIC L NG V O L UM E SU M M A R Y

                                                                                                               FY26                                      FY25
                                                                                                        APLNG                       Origin           APLNG              Origin
                                                                                                         100%                        share            100%               share
                        Volumes (PJ)
                        Operated                                                                             540                      149              554                 152
                        Non-operated                                                                         128                       35               128                35
                        Total production                                                                     668                      184              682                188
                        Purchases                                                                             39                        11              36                 10
                        Changes in upstream gas inventory/other                                               (11)                      (3)              (6)                (2)
                        Liquefaction/downstream inventory/other                                              (40)                      (11)             (42)               (11)
                        Total sales                                                                          656                      180              670                184


                        Commodity revenue ($m)
                        Domestic gas                                                                         813                      224             1,077               296
                        LNG                                                                                 7,232                    1,989            8,822             2,426
                        Sales mix (PJ)
                        Domestic gas                                                                         126                       35              136                 38
                        LNG contract                                                                         482                       132             493                136
                        LNG spot                                                                              48                        13               41                 11


                        Realised price
                        Domestic gas (A$/GJ)                                                                6.45                                       7.89
                        LNG (A$/GJ)                                                                         13.64                                     16.52
                        LNG (US$/mmbtu)                                                                      9.76                                     11.29


                    Australia Pacific LNG total production decreased 2 per cent or 14 PJ in FY26, mainly due to natural field decline across Condabri, Talinga
                    and Orana and some non‑operated fields. These impacts were partly offset by new wells and ongoing optimisation activity, including
                    strong performance at Reedy Creek. Portfolio production also benefited from reduced planned and unplanned maintenance.

                    Sales volumes decreased 2 per cent from FY25, driven by lower production.

                    The average realised LNG price decreased 17 per cent to A$13.64/GJ reflecting lower oil and spot LNG prices and completion of the
                    Sinopec price review effective January 2025. The average realised domestic gas price of $6.45/GJ reflects lower volumes and prices
                    under short-term contracts.




    44
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    CASH FLOW – AUST RA L IA P A C I FI C L N G 10 0%

                                                                                                   FY26              FY25            Change            Change
                                                                                                   ($m)              ($m)              ($m)               (%)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                          5,373              6,818            (1,445)               (21)
                        Non-cash items in underlying EBITDA                                          (24)                (3)              (21)               n/a
                        Change in working capital                                                   (125)              276               (401)               n/a
                        Tax paid                                                                   (1,414)           (1,189)             (225)                 19
                        Operating cash flow                                                        3,810             5,902            (2,092)               (35)
                        Capital expenditure                                                         (893)             (626)              (267)               43
                        Proceeds from court judgment                                                 146                  -               146                n/a
                        Acquisitions/disposals                                                         6                32                (26)               (81)




For personal use only
                        Interest income                                                              109                115                (6)                 (5)
                        Loans (advanced to)/paid by shareholders                                        -              (86)                86               (100)
                        Investing cash flow                                                         (632)             (565)               (67)                 12
                        Project finance interest and transaction costs                              (245)             (293)                48                (16)
                        Proceeds from project finance                                                861                  -               861                n/a
                        Repayment of project finance                                               (1,851)            (940)              (911)                97
                        Repayment of lease liabilities                                               (78)              (68)               (10)                 15
                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                (21)              (23)                 2                  (9)
                        Ordinary dividends paid                                                   (3,312)           (2,898)              (414)                 14
                        Financing cash flow                                                      (4,646)            (4,222)             (424)                  10
                        Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (1,468)             1,115           (2,583)                n/a
                        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                      (72)              (38)               (34)               89
                        Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents including
                        FX movement                                                               (1,540)            1,077             (2,617)               n/a


                    Australia Pacific LNG paid dividends to shareholders of $3,312 million in FY26, up from $2,898 million in FY25. Australia Pacific LNG
                    distributed $911 million cash to Origin in fully franked dividends, of which $335 million relates to cash generated in FY25.

                    The proceeds from the court judgment of $146 million represents Australia Pacific LNG’s share of cash received by Santos Limited (Santos)
                    as a result of proceedings against Fluor Australia Pty Ltd (Fluor) which related to overcharging under an engineering and construction
                    contract for upstream facilities at the Gladstone LNG project in which Australia Pacific LNG had a non-operated interest. Fluor has
                    appealed the decision and, should this be upheld, Santos may be directed to return some or all the funds to Fluor. Accordingly, this cash
                    has been recognised with an offsetting liability.

                    The proceeds from project finance of $861 million and a similar amount in repayments of project finance relate to the refinancing of the
                    commercial bank debt tranche of Australia Pacific LNG’s existing project finance facilities as outlined in Section 4.4.

                    The increase in capital expenditure of $267 million was driven by further investment in well optimisation projects, a larger operated
                    exploration program, and higher development infrastructure investment related to water gathering and processing.

                    Australia Pacific LNG tax paid increased by $225 million due to the FY25 tax return balancing payment in FY26.

                    The change in working capital of $125 million relates to increased prepayments and inventory ahead of higher planned activities.

                    The project finance facility requires Australia Pacific LNG to hold an amount of cash to service near-term operational and project finance
                    obligations. As at 30 June 2026, Australia Pacific LNG held $1,390 million of cash, down from $2,930 million at 30 June 2025 which
                    included $1.2 billion to fund a dividend in early July 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                     45
                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    OP ERAT ING EXPEND IT U RE – A U ST R A L IA P A C IF IC L N G 1 0 0 %

                                                                                                                       FY26                   FY25            Change                Change
                                                                                                                       ($m)                   ($m)              ($m)                   (%)
                        Purchases/swaps                                                                                 (384)                   (391)                 7                    (2)
                        Royalties and tariffs(1)                                                                         (558)                 (843)               285                    (34)
                        Upstream operated opex                                                                         (1,125)                (1,206)                81                     (7)
                        Upstream non-operated opex                                                                      (326)                   (324)                (2)                        1
                        Downstream opex                                                                                 (323)                  (326)                  3                     (1)
                        APLNG Corporate/other                                                                             (47)                   (47)                (0)                        1
                        Total operating expenses per income statement                                                 (2,763)                (3,137)               374                    (12)
                        Other cash items                                                                                  (29)                       (81)            52                   (64)




For personal use only
                        Total operating cash costs                                                                    (2,792)                (3,218)               426                    (13)

                    (1) Reflects actual royalties paid. At $25/bbl, royalties and tariffs would have amounted to $190 million (FY25: $218 million)


                    Operating expenses decreased $374 million. Royalties and tariffs were lower by $285 million reflecting lower commodity revenue.
                    Upstream operated opex decreased $81 million primarily driven by lower power costs and operating efficiencies.

                    CAPI TA L E XPENDITU RE – A U S T R A L I A P A C I F I C LN G 1 0 0 %

                                                                                                                       FY26                   FY25            Change                Change
                                                                                                                        ($m)                   ($m)               ($m)                    (%)
                        Operated upstream - Sustain(1)                                                                   (478)                 (300)               (178)                   59
                        Operated upstream - Infrastructure                                                                (74)                   (29)               (45)                  155
                        Exploration and appraisal                                                                        (133)                   (50)               (83)                  165
                        Downstream                                                                                        (20)                   (28)                 8                   (27)
                        Non-operated                                                                                    (228)                   (235)                 7                    (3)
                        Total capital expenditure                                                                       (933)                  (642)              (291)                    45

                    (1) Sustain capex includes expenditure for drilling, completions, fracture stimulation, gathering network, surface connection, capital improvements and land access which
                        occurs over multiple years.


                    Capital expenditure increased $291 million. Operated upstream - Sustain costs increased $178 million mainly driven by higher field
                    optimisation activities to improve flow rates, including Artificial Lift Systems, live workovers, formation stabilisation, and well head
                    compression. In FY26, 82 operated wells were drilled (versus 87 in FY25), 13 wells were fracture stimulated (versus 14 in FY25) and
                    92 operated wells were commissioned (versus 85 in FY25).

                    Operated upstream - Infrastructure increased $45 million from the completion of several key infrastructure projects including the Water
                    Interconnect Spring Gully–to–Combabula pipeline (WISC) which alleviates previous water constraints impacting future development at
                    Spring Gully, and the Talinga Gas Processing Facility loopline to debottleneck access to gas processing capacity in the East. Spend also
                    included early infrastructure investment for the Ironbark development.

                    Exploration and appraisal spend increased $83 million reflecting a larger program with Taroom Trough and CSG horizontal pilot wells
                    drilled and fracture stimulated.




    46
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    5. 2 .2 I NTEGR ATED GAS – O T H ER
                    This segment comprises Integrated Gas activities that are separate from Australia Pacific LNG, including commodity hedging and trading.

                    This segment also includes overhead costs (net of recoveries) incurred as upstream operator and corporate service provider to Australia
                    Pacific LNG and costs incurred in managing Origin’s exposure to LNG pricing risk and impacts of its LNG trading positions.

                    FIN AN CI AL SUMM AR Y

                                                                                                  FY26              FY25            Change            Change
                                                                                                  ($m)              ($m)              ($m)               (%)
                        Origin only commodity hedging and trading                                   160               357               (197)              (55)
                        Other Origin only costs                                                      (17)             (30)                13               (43)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                           142               327              (185)              (57)




For personal use only
                        Underlying depreciation and amortisation/ITDA                                (19)              (18)               (1)                   8
                        Underlying Profit/(Loss)                                                    122              309               (187)              (60)


                    Integrated Gas - Other underlying EBITDA decreased by $185 million in FY26 primarily due to a $301 million reduction in LNG trading
                    gains associated with strategic hedging in 2022 of Origin’s purchases from the Cameron LNG project, partially offset by a $104 million
                    improvement in oil and FX hedging and lower Origin only costs following Origin’s exit from Hydrogen in FY25.

                    COM MODI TY HED GI NG AN D T R A D I N G S U M M A R Y
                    FY26 hedge positions realised a $160 million net gain, compared to a $357 million net gain in FY25.

                        ($m)                                                                                  FY26 actual      FY25 actual            Change
                        Gain/(loss) on oil and FX hedging                                                                 19            (84)              104
                        Gain/(loss) on LNG trading                                                                     140              441              (301)
                        Total                                                                                         160               357               (197)


                    OI L A ND FX HEDGI NG
                    For FY27, Origin’s share of Australia Pacific LNG related JCC oil price exposure is estimated to be approximately 16 MMboe. As
                    at 3 August 2026, we estimate that 40 per cent has been priced (based on LNG contract lags) at approximately US$100/bbl,
                    before hedging.

                    Origin has entered into oil and foreign exchange hedging instruments to manage its share of Australia Pacific LNG oil price risk based on
                    the primary principle of protecting the Company’s investment grade credit rating through potential commodity cycles.

                    As at 3 August 2026, the FY27 hedge position consists of:
                    •    6.7 MMbbl of JCC USD swaps hedged at a fixed price of US$73/bbl of which 4.1 MMbbl has been realised; and
                    •    US$690 million FX forwards hedged at a fixed rate of 0.68.

                    The FY28 hedge position consists of:
                    •    2.0 MMbbl of JCC USD swaps hedged at a fixed price of US$72/bbl; and
                    •    US$433 million FX forwards hedged at a fixed rate of 0.69.

                    Based on forward prices as at 3 August 2026, these hedges are expected to result in losses of $163 million in FY27 and $3 million in FY28,
                    reflecting the rise in oil prices since the hedges were placed. Origin's share of APLNG revenue benefits from the same rise in oil prices,
                    more than offsetting these impacts.

                    L NG HEDGI NG AND TR AD I N G
                    In 2013, Origin established a Henry Hub linked contract to purchase 0.25 Mtpa from Cameron LNG for a period of 20 years, with the first
                    cargo delivered to Origin in June 2020. In practice, Origin on sells this volume at either European TTF-linked or Asian JKM-linked prices.

                    During 2022, opportunistic hedging of future Cameron volumes at higher European sale prices was undertaken, creating significant value
                    for volumes over FY25 and FY26. As at 3 August 2026, Origin has hedged ~87 per cent of its TTF exposure for FY27 and ~40 per cent
                    for FY28 and based on current forward prices we expect modest LNG trading gains in both years. This outlook remains subject to market
                    prices on unhedged volumes, operational performance and delivery risk of physical cargoes, and shipping and regasification costs.

                    There may be opportunities to continue to optimise value from the Cameron contract out to 2039 by capturing future market dislocations
                    between Henry Hub priced Cameron LNG volumes and European or Asian prices. Significant value has also been created through
                    optimising cargo sizes and transport destination flexibility and we expect to continue this activity.




                                                                                                                                                                    47
                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    5. 3 OC TO PUS ENE RG Y & K R A KE N T EC H NO L O G I E S




                               CU STO MER AC CO UN TS                                  RE V E NU E                                                 U K ’ S M OS T A D M IR E D
                                                                                       ( O RI G I N SHA RE )                                       C OM P AN Y 20 25


                          ~19.0M
                          Up 2.2M vs FY25
                                                                                 A$7.3B
                                                                                 Up 13% vs FY25
                                                                                                                                           #1
                                                                                                                                           The youngest business ever to
                                                                                                                                           achieve this award




For personal use only
                               UND ERL YING EB I TDA                                   CO N TR AC T E D K R AK E N                                 E N E R GY RE T AI LE R
                               (O RIG IN SH AR E)                                      CU S TO ME R A CC OU NT S                                   I N UK


                          $8M loss
                          Up from an $88M loss in FY25
                                                                                 95M
                                                                                 Up 28% vs FY25
                                                                                                                                           #1
                                                                                                                                           By number of electricity and
                                                                                                                                           gas accounts1




                        22.7 per cent Origin share                                                                FY26                  FY25               Change                Change
                                                                                                                  ($m)                  ($m)                 ($m)                   (%)
                        Revenue - licensing(1)                                                                       133                    112                    21                    19
                        Revenue - energy & services                                                                7,140                 6,337                  803                      13
                        Cost of sales                                                                             (6,710)               (6,112)                 (599)                   10
                        Gross Profit                                                                                563                    337                  225                     67
                        Operating costs(1)                                                                          (571)                 (425)                 (146)                   34
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                              (8)                 (88)                   80                   (90)
                        Underlying ITDA                                                                             (218)                   (81)                (137)                  168
                        Underlying Profit                                                                          (226)                  (169)                  (57)                   34

                    (1) Licensing revenue and operating costs disclosed here includes fees for Octopus Energy customers using the platform. These are eliminated on consolidation in Octopus
                        Energy’s statutory financial reporting.


                        22.7 per cent Origin share                                                                FY26                  FY25               Change                Change
                                                                                                                  ($m)                  ($m)                 ($m)                   (%)
                        UK Retail                                                                                    134                    34                   100                   297
                        Non-UK Retail                                                                                (96)                   (41)                 (55)                  136
                        Energy Services                                                                              (43)                 (109)                   66                    (61)
                        Kraken Technologies                                                                            (4)                  27                    (31)                 (114)
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                              (8)                 (88)                   80                   (90)


                    Origin’s share of Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies’ Underlying EBITDA for the period was a loss of $8 million, compared to a
                    loss of $88 million in FY25. This result reflects a rebound in earnings in the UK Retail business with FY25 one-off impacts not repeating,
                    continued customer growth and improved performance in the Energy Services business. Octopus Energy continues to invest across three
                    key areas; growing scale in Non-UK markets; increasing connected customers through smart tariffs; and in electrification assets such as
                    electric vehicles, heat pumps, solar and EV chargers. Kraken Technologies grew revenue; however, this was more than offset by investment
                    in migration and business development capability and a change in accounting treatment of development costs.

                    Underlying ITDA increased in FY26, primarily driven by a higher tax expense, higher depreciation associated with the growing EV fleet,
                    and higher amortisation of customer acquisition costs. Interest income on cash held also reduced in the period.




                    1
                        Source: Ofgem. https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/retail-market-indicators.
    48
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                                                                                           Movements in Underlying EBITDA ($m)


                                                                                                                                      21                 (16)


                                                                                                                                                                               (36)
                                            113                   (31)                                                     66

                                                                                             4            (55)
                                                                                      15


                                                                                                                                                                                                       (8)




                          (88)




For personal use only
                                                                        UK Retail                                                              Kraken Technologies
                                                                      +$100 million                                                               (-$31 million)




                           FY25          FY25                   Smart          Customer    Other        Non-UK            Energy    Growth &           Delivery            Accounting                 FY26
                                     Non-repeating               tariff         growth                   retail          services     scale          investment              & other


                    5. 3. 1 OC TOP US ENE RGY




                                          Energy supply                                                Networks                                              Customer solutions

                                     Long term supply agreements                                        • Regulated                                 • Core electricity and gas
                                      (electricity, gas and REGO*)                                                                                  • Behind-the-meter solutions (solar, batteries,
                                                                                                                                                      heat pumps, smart meters)
                                   *Renewable Energy Guarantee of Origin                                                                            • E-mobility
                                                                                                                                                    • VPP solutions



                        100 per cent Octopus customer accounts ('000) as at                                           30 June         30 June                      Change                         Change
                                                                                                                        2026            2025                                                         (%)
                        UK customer accounts                                                                           14,842           14,030                             812                               6
                        Non-UK customer accounts                                                                        4,135              2,714                         1,421                               52


                        100 per cent Octopus                                                                                               FY26                         FY25                      Change
                        Smart meter installations                                                                                   1,002,750                      921,000                            81,750
                        Heat pump installations                                                                                            8,075                       8,000                                 75
                        Solar and battery installations                                                                                    11,611                      8,000                            3,611
                        EV charger installations                                                                                       80,045                        55,000                           25,045
                        EVs under management                                                                                           49,000                       30,000                            19,000


                    Octopus Energy continues to be a leading brand in the UK, having been named a Which? Recommended Energy Provider for nine
                    consecutive years, in addition to being named Britain’s Most Admired Company in 2025.2 Octopus maintains a Trustpilot score of 4.8 out
                    of 5 and attracts 35 per cent of market switches with churn 40 per cent lower than peers. Octopus Energy continued its strong customer
                    growth trajectory, closing at 14.8 million UK accounts at June 2026 and growing organically by more than 800,000 accounts in FY26,
                    while maintaining a low cost to acquire of approximately £60 per customer. Octopus increased investment in smart tariffs in FY26 as part
                    of a broader strategy to grow connected customers, with Octopus now having 3.2 GW of controllable load under management.

                    Earnings in the UK Retail business rebounded in FY26 to £39 per customer with one off impacts from FY25 not repeating (unseasonably
                    warm weather and the one-off settlement of the Energy Price Guarantee subsidy). Strong organic customer growth contributed $15 million
                    in EBITDA, offset by $31 million increased investment in smart tariffs.

                    In Non-UK Retail, Octopus Energy continues to invest to replicate its success in the UK in other deregulated markets. Octopus was named
                    Italy’s Best Energy Supplier for the second consecutive year by Altroconsumo. Customer accounts increased by more than 50 per cent
                    in FY26 to over 4.1 million, with Germany and Italy now above 1 million customer accounts. The FY26 result was an EBITDA loss of
                    $96 million, compared with a loss of $41 million in FY25, reflecting investment to grow scale ($26 million) and a change in accounting
                    treatment for certain customer acquisition costs ($29 million). While Non-UK Retail remains loss-making, the investment is expected to
                    deliver cost and churn benefits as it scales and maximises its brand impact.


                    2
                        Source: Britain’s Most Admired Companies. https://www.britainsmostadmired.com/winners/most-admired-companies/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  49
                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    Energy Services aims to create a step change in customer lifetime value through low-carbon technology, such as heat pumps, EV
                    chargers, solar and smart meters. This represents a significant opportunity with multiple value streams, including equipment margin,
                    installation and after-sales support, while also creating synergies with the retail business by supporting long-term customer satisfaction
                    and retention and adding value through orchestration for the Flex business. Octopus has developed proprietary manufacturing capability
                    through its Cosy heat pumps, which are custom designed and built for installation efficiency and Flex services. Octopus launched the
                    Cosy 12 heat pump in FY26, with greater efficiency and larger capacity than the prior model.

                    In FY26, Energy Services remained loss making, however continued growth in installations, combined with productivity initiatives,
                    contributed to improved earnings compared with FY25. The introduction of a new Energy Services management team led to initiatives
                    focused on optimising the field force, reducing materials costs and growing sales, while redesigning the operating model to improve the
                    customer experience.

                    Octopus has the largest fleet of EVs in the UK, with growth of 63 per cent in FY26 to 49,000 contracted vehicles. In FY26, Octopus
                    launched its EV offering into Germany. Octopus is also the largest installer of EV chargers in the UK, increasing volumes by 45 per cent
                    in FY26. Octopus is also operating one of the world’s largest public EV charging networks, Electroverse, with over 1.45 million connected




For personal use only
                    chargers worldwide and 1.7 million customers.

                    5. 3. 2 KRAKE N TECH N O L O G IE S




                           Migration and deployment                Data integration via single stack       End-to-end operating system             Software-as-a-Service for Utilities

                           • Build, operate and transfer all new      • Market and network data feeds      • Enterprise grade native platform         • Customer lifecycle management
                             customer accounts                        • Customer data (billing, CRM)       • Agile codebase continuously updated        (onboarding, billing, service)
                                                                      • Smart meter and device telemetry   • In-country cloud data storage            • Asset and service management
                                                                      • Weather and wholesale prices                                                  • Demand response and load shifting



                        100 per cent Kraken customer accounts ('000) as at                                 30 June                     30 June         Change                      Change
                                                                                                             2026                        2025                                         (%)
                        Contracted Kraken platform customer accounts                                         95,000                      74,000          21,000                             28


                    Kraken Technologies continued to deliver growth in both contracted and live customers globally. Kraken’s enterprise software is a proven
                    technology platform designed as an end-to-end operating system for future-oriented utilities.

                    In December 2025, Kraken announced a suite of transactions that included its first standalone equity raising. The US$1 billion raising was
                    from a pool of new investors and existing shareholders and paved the way for formal separation from Octopus (completed in June 2026).
                    This investment round provided the first look through valuation of Kraken stand alone at US$8.65 billion. Origin invested US$140 million
                    ($210 million) as part of this process and agreed to waive exclusivity to the Kraken platform in Australia for an additional 1.5 per cent equity
                    share in Kraken.

                    In FY26, Kraken entered new markets, signing a strategic partnership agreement with Saudi Energy, including more than 10 million
                    customer accounts. Contracted customer accounts increased to 95 million, up 28 per cent from June 2025 and approaching the 2027
                    target of 100 million. Kraken revenue increased by 19 per cent in FY26, reflecting growth in live accounts and a higher average rate. Kraken
                    earns recurring revenue from licensing its platform to utilities, as well as one-off fees through the migration period.

                    Origin’s share of Kraken’s EBITDA reduced $31 million to a loss of $4 million. The $31 million reduction reflects increased revenue from
                    additional customers on the platform ($21 million) being more than offset by investment to accelerate client delivery and future growth
                    opportunities ($16 million) and increased expensing of technology development costs ($26 million, including $7 million related to FY25),
                    and other costs of $9 million.

                    Kraken’s FY26 result includes $29 million of migration delivery costs, which is required to deliver planned customer migrations. This cost
                    tends to be elevated for new market entries for Kraken (e.g. United States), with the recovery coming once customers are migrated and
                    revenue is recognised.




    50
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    5 Review of segment operations (continued)
                    5. 3. 3 SEPAR ATION O F K RAK E N T EC H N O L O G I E S A N D O C T O P U S E N E R G Y
                    On 17 June 2026, Kraken Technologies legally separated from Octopus Energy and on 9 July 2026, Kraken completed a US$1 billion
                    equity raise. Following the separation and equity raise, Origin maintains its 22.7 per cent basic equity interest in Octopus Energy and a 19.6
                    per cent1 basic direct equity interest in Kraken Technologies (as well as a 3.1 per cent indirect interest through Octopus Energy).

                    At 30 June 2026, Origin’s direct equity interest in Kraken Technologies was 18.2 per cent as this was prior to Origin’s participation in
                    the equity raise and the shares issued to Origin in exchange for waiving exclusivity to the Kraken platform in Australia which occurred in
                    July 2026.

                    Given the demerger involved a number of steps which spanned across both FY26 and FY27, the impact of the suite of transactions was
                    not fully reflected at 30 June 2026.

                    The tables below provide a summary of the impacts of the demerger in FY26 as well as pro-forma adjustments for the completion steps
                    which took place in July 2026.




For personal use only
                    Accounting standards require Origin to recognise its share of the gain recorded by Octopus Energy as part of the demerger and then
                    eliminate all but the portion relating to the stake retained by Octopus. This resulted in an overall statutory earnings impact of $484 million
                    in FY26.

                    The investments in Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies carried as assets on our Balance Sheet, primarily reflect the historical
                    carrying value and do not reflect Origin’s view of fair value at 30 June 2026.

                                                                                                                                                   Investment         Investment          Net P&L
                        Summary of Kraken demerger impacts prior to 30 June 2026                                                                    in Octopus          in Kraken          impact
                                                                                                                                                          ($m)               ($m)            ($m)
                        30 June 2025 closing                                                                                                                1,217
                        FY26 Share of Profit/(Loss) excl demerger gain                                                                                       (231)
                        Reserve movements                                                                                                                     (75)
                        Balance prior to transactions                                                                                                         911
                        1) Share of uplift from initial US$290 million raise involving Saudi Energy and other investors                                         88
                        2) Share of fair value uplift from demerger, including the portion retained by Octopus Energy                                      2,487                            2,487
                        3) Origin elimination of the fair value uplift relating to the portion demerged                                                  (2,003)                           (2,003)
                        4) Allocation of intangibles and goodwill                                                                                           (270)              270
                        30 June 2026 closing                                                                                                                1,213              270           484


                                                                                                                                               Investment            Investment           Net P&L
                        Subsequent events - pro forma adjustments                                                                               in Octopus             in Kraken           impact
                                                                                                                                                      ($m)                  ($m)             ($m)
                        30 June 2026 opening                                                                                                            1,213                270
                        5) Share of US$710 million raised in July 2026, less dilution impacts                                                                                 145             145
                        6) Origin participation in equity raise                                                                                                               210
                        7) Shares issued for Origin exclusivity waiver                                                                                                        184
                        Pro forma adjusted carrying value                                                                                               1,213                809              145


                    Pro forma adjustments above are draft and are subject to audit and approval procedures.




                    1
                        Post-separation direct share of 18.2% at 30 June, rising to 19.6% basic shareholding after 9 July equity raise and shares issued for Kraken exclusivity waiver.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     51
                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                    6 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects
                    The scope of Origin's operations and activities means the company is exposed to risks and opportunities that can have a material impact
                    on future financial prospects. The Company’s approach to managing these risks is summarised below.

                    RI SK MANAG EMEN T FRAM E WO R K

                    Overseen by the Board and the Audit and Risk Committee, our risk framework is formed by four pillars: Risk Strategy, Risk Processes, Risk
                    Governance and Risk Capability & Culture.

                    Our Risk Strategy incorporates the development and maintenance of Risk Appetite Statements, which are a foundational element of our
                    risk framework.

                    Our Risk Processes support the identification, management and reporting of material risks in line with the defined Risk Appetite. Risks are
                    identified that have the potential to impact the delivery of business plans and objectives and managed using consistent risk assessment
                    criteria. Effective risk management cannot prevent all adverse events, but our processes help to improve our ability to anticipate, respond
                    to and learn from them. We also monitor strategic and emerging risks which are risks resulting from external forces that could impact our




For personal use only
                    strategic objectives.

                    As part of Risk Governance, our risk framework defines clear accountabilities for managing risks and controls across the organisation.
                    Our operational teams are responsible for managing the risks and controls that arise within their area of responsibility. The functional
                    teams provide the tools and systems to enable the effective management of risks and controls. Internal Audit provides independent and
                    objective assurance over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and internal controls.

                    The Board and Executive review Origin’s most material risks regularly and assess the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
                    framework in accordance with the ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations.

                    Risk Capability & Culture is continuously built, with a focus on those accountable for managing risk and controls in the operational teams.

                    MA T ERIAL RISKS

                    The risks and opportunities identified in this section have the potential to materially affect Origin’s ability to meet our strategic objectives
                    and influence our future financial prospects. These could materialise from a combination of external and internal factors. During FY26,
                    heightened geopolitical risks, inflationary pressures, and international supply chain disruptions were continuing threats to operational
                    and financial performance. These threats have required ongoing monitoring, response and management across existing material risks
                    to minimise impacts. Our priorities continue to be about ensuring the continuity of operations, developing new energy supply, and
                    supporting activities to provide affordable and reliable products and services to our customers, and to maintain our financial resilience to
                    respond to the energy transition and changes in global markets.

                    STR ATEGIC AND E M ER GI N G R I SK S

                    Strategic risks arise from uncertainties that may emerge in the medium to longer term and, while they may not necessarily impact
                    on short-term targets, they can have an immediate impact on the Company. These strategic risks are managed through continuous
                    monitoring, ongoing evaluation, planning and the allocation of resources by management and the Board.

                        Risk             Consequences                                                             Management
                        Competition      Origin operates in a highly competitive retail environment which         •   Our strategy to mitigate the impact of this risk
                        and markets      can result in pressure on margins and customer losses.                       on our retail business is to provide customers
                                         Competition also impacts Origin’s wholesale business, with                   with value for money and high levels of service,
                                         generators competing for capacity and fuel, and the potential for            while continuously focusing on maintaining our cost
                                         gas markets to be impacted by new gas market regulation, notably             leadership, innovation and product diversification.
                                         the proposed gas reservation policy. Origin is also exposed to coal      •   We endeavour to mitigate the impact of this risk on
                                         supply challenges relative to vertically integrated organisations with       our wholesale business by sourcing competitively
                                         coal businesses or those with long term legacy coal contracts.               priced fuel to operate our generation fleet and
                                                                                                                      through efficient operations to optimise flexibility in
                                                                                                                      our fuel, transportation and generation portfolio.
                                                                                                                  •   Origin is well placed to respond to these risks due
                                                                                                                      to the diversified nature of our business and an
                                                                                                                      ongoing focus on ensuring low cost opportunities.




    52
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    6 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects (continued)
                        Risk                Consequences                                                             Management
                        Demand              The volume or source of energy demanded by customers                     •   Our strategy of increasing renewable energy in
                        for energy          could change due to price, consumer behaviour, community                     our portfolio and investing in new technology
                                            expectations, Government policy, economic outlook, weather and               and products, such as storage, the virtual power
                                            other factors.                                                               plant (VPP) and cleaner energy customer solutions,
                                            Demand for energy is also expected to grow due to increased                  supports Origin’s ability to meet future increases in
                                            electrification, e.g. e-mobility, data centre growth and distributed         energy demand.
                                            infrastructure as a service, providing new market opportunities.         •   We use the flexibility in our gas supply and peaking
                                                                                                                         generation capacity, to manage the intermittency
                                            The current global energy market environment may influence the               from renewables and maintain reliable supply
                                            supply and cost of energy to our customers, and this could                   for customers.
                                            have an adverse impact on our reputation with customers and
                                            the community.                                                           •   Origin has established a pipeline of new generation
                                                                                                                         options to respond to market and customer demand.
                                            Any change in demand for energy could affect Origin’s revenues           •   Origin is partially mitigating the impact of this risk




For personal use only
                                            and future financial performance.                                            by developing data-based customer propositions
                                                                                                                         and better predicting customer demand through our
                                                                                                                         artificial intelligence orchestration platform, or VPP,
                                                                                                                         which connects and controls distributed assets and
                                                                                                                         Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and by applying
                                                                                                                         advanced data analytics capability.

                        Technology          Origin is exposed to risks and opportunities relating to new digital     •   Origin actively monitors new technologies,
                                            and low-carbon technologies. These risks could materialise in two            participates and invests in technological
                                            ways – reducing our existing demand through new technologies                 developments through local and global start-
                                            that enable customers (both mass market and C&I) to generate and             up accelerator programs, trialling new energy
                                            store electricity behind the meter; and potentially stranding existing       technology and new products and business models;
                                            grid scale assets as new technologies emerge at lower cost points.           and feeds this information into future portfolio
                                            In addition, technology increasingly allows consumers to                     growth strategies.
                                            understand and manage their power usage which requires new               •   Origin works collaboratively with its customers to
                                            products and services which may not be fulfilled from their                  develop and progress behind the meter solutions in
                                            incumbent utility.                                                           which Origin has an ongoing role.

                                            Advances in technology and the abundance of low-cost data           •        In parallel, Origin is growing its distributed
                                            acquisition, communication and control have the potential to create          generation and home energy services businesses
                                            new business models and introduce new competitors.                           by offering superior service and innovative products
                                                                                                                         and reducing cost to serve.
                                            Rapid advances in Artificial Intelligence (AI) offer both opportunities •    Origin is pursuing opportunities in cleaner energy
                                            for innovation and potential threats to our business. This advancing         technologies such as electric vehicles.
                                            technology exposes Origin to increased risks around data security,
                                            ethics and fairness, while also enabling adoption of more               •    Origin is actively monitoring and trialling new AI
                                            sophisticated products and services which Origin is well placed              technologies, whilst maintaining focus on data
                                            to provide.                                                                  security and responsible development.

                        Political and       Origin has broad exposure to regulatory policy change and                •   Origin contributes to the policy process with
                        regulatory policy   government interventions that can impact financial outcomes                  federal, state and territory governments and gains
                                            and the commercial viability of current operations, as well                  awareness by actively participating in public policy
                                            as development options. These dynamics may also present                      debate, proactively engaging with policy makers and
                                            opportunities for low-cost, large-scale operators such as Origin.            participating in public forums, industry associations,
                                            Specific areas subject to review and development include                     think tanks and research.
                                            government subsidies or direct investment in new generation and          •   Origin advocates directly with key members of
                                            transmission, energy market design, domestic and international               governments, opposition parties and bureaucrats to
                                            climate change policies, gas market interventions, wholesale and             achieve sound policy outcomes aligned with our
                                            retail price regulation, consumer protection frameworks, royalties           strategy, purpose and commercial objectives.
                                            and taxation policy, and industrial relations.                           •   Origin also makes formal submissions to relevant
                                                                                                                         government policy inquiries. Origin actively and
                                                                                                                         publicly promotes the customer and economic
                                                                                                                         benefits that flow from our activities in deregulated
                                                                                                                         energy markets.




                                                                                                                                                                                   53
                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    6 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects (continued)
                    CLI MA TE RIS KS AN D OPP O R T U NI T I ES

                    Climate change is considered a strategic risk and opportunity for Origin. Origin’s climate-related risks can be classified as transitional
                    or physical. Many of Origin’s climate-related risks are managed within our existing risks. Further explanation of climate-related risks and
                    opportunities can be found in our Sustainability Report.

                        Risk             Consequences                                                              Management
                        Climate risks    Climate related risks, both transition and physical, pose significant     •   Origin has a disciplined capital allocation framework
                                         opportunities and challenges to achieving our strategy, purpose,              that tests investment returns under a range
                                         and commercial objectives.                                                    of scenarios.
                                         Transition risks and opportunities arise from a disruptive transition     •   Origin engages and advocates with government
                                         and fossil fuel decline, regulatory intervention, evolving stakeholder        and regulatory bodies to understand and promote a
                                         expectations, supply constraints and project delays.                          balanced and just transition, considering the needs
                                                                                                                       of all key stakeholders.




For personal use only
                                         Physical risks are direct impacts of climate change arising from
                                         extreme weather events and changing climate impacts which could           •   Continued collaboration with customers and the
                                         disrupt or curtail our operations, projects or damage infrastructure.         communities where we operate helps ensure our
                                                                                                                       portfolio is designed to be resilient to future volatility
                                                                                                                       and uncertainty.
                                                                                                                   •   Climate and the energy transition are integrated into
                                                                                                                       our business model and strategic objectives. Origin
                                                                                                                       has a long history of and established processes for
                                                                                                                       managing exposure to climate-related physical risk
                                                                                                                       to enhance resilience of our assets and operations,
                                                                                                                       including climate analytics, readiness programs,
                                                                                                                       operational planning and response plans.


                    FI N ANC IAL RISKS

                    Financial risks are the risks that directly impact the financial performance and resilience of Origin.

                        Risk             Consequences                                                              Management
                        Commodity        Origin has a long-term exposure to international oil, LNG and gas         •   Commodity exposure limits are set by the Board to
                                         prices through the sale and purchase of domestic gas, LNG and                 manage the overall financial exposure that Origin is
                                         LPG, and its investment in APLNG. Pricing can be volatile and                 prepared to take.
                                         driven by global macroeconomic events e.g. war, sanctions, and
                                         tariffs. Downward price movements can impact cash flow, financial         •   Origin's commodity risk management process
                                         performance, reserves and asset carrying values.                              monitors and reports performance against defined
                                                                                                                       limits in accordance with Origin’s ‘Commodity Risk
                                         Besides commodity price volatility itself, some of Origin’s long-             Management System’ (CRMS).
                                         term domestic gas purchase agreements and APLNG’s LNG sales               •   Commodity price risk is managed using various
                                         agreements (containing commodity price linkages), are subject to              controls, most notably financial hedging contracts
                                         periodic price review, wherein those linkages can be changed.                 (derivatives), which are widely available for Origin’s
                                         The prices and volumes for wholesale electricity that Origin sources          international commodity exposures and wholesale
                                         to on-sell to customers are volatile and influenced by many factors,          electricity exposures.
                                         including generation availability, the pricing of generation fuels        •   For each periodic price and supply review, a
                                         (coal and gas), and weather. Fluctuations in coal and gas prices also         negotiation strategy is developed that considers
                                         impact the margins of Origin's own generation portfolio. Energy               external market advice and utilises both external and
                                         Markets also has operational risks including plant outage and                 in-house expertise.
                                         rail logistics. These can impact supply, resulting in unanticipated
                                         commodity exposures and higher costs to meet customer demand.

                                         Different commodity prices that have historically moved in a
                                         correlated fashion may see that correlation break down. It would
                                         be disadvantageous for Energy Markets if their generation fuel
                                         costs, most notably coal, were high and not reflected through to
                                         wholesale electricity prices and more pointedly, retail pricing for
                                         electricity. It would also be disadvantageous for Origin overall if the
                                         domestic wholesale energy costs incurred by Energy Markets were
                                         high, but the international oil and LNG prices obtained by APLNG
                                         were low.

                                         Origin has an investment in Octopus Energy. Octopus Energy has a
                                         sizeable retail customer base in the UK and other European markets
                                         and has limited physical supply for wholesale generation. As such,
                                         Octopus Energy is a major buyer of wholesale energy via over-the-
                                         counter contracts and various derivative trading positions. Weather
                                         related impacts on demand can leave Octopus Energy exposed
                                         to fluctuations in electricity and gas wholesale pricing and may
                                         negatively affect financial performance.


    54
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    6 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects (continued)
                        Risk               Consequences                                                              Management
                        Foreign            Origin has foreign exchange and interest rate exposures through           •   Risk limits are set by the Board to manage the
                        exchange and       debt principal and interest payments associated with foreign                  overall exposure.
                        interest rates     currency denominated and Australian dollar borrowings, capital
                                           and operating expenditures, and through the sale and purchase             •   Origin’s treasury risk management process monitors
                                           of commodities including gas, LNG, coal and LPG, and through                  and reports performance against defined limits.
                                           its investments in APLNG and Octopus. Interest rate and foreign           •   Foreign exchange and interest rate risks are
                                           exchange movements could lead to a decrease in revenues or                    managed through a combination of physical
                                           increased payments in Australian dollar terms.                                positions and derivatives.

                        Liquidity and      Origin’s business, prospects and financial flexibility could be           •   Origin actively manages its liquidity position through
                        access to          adversely affected by a failure to appropriately manage its liquidity         cash flow forecasting and maintenance of minimum
                        capital markets    position, or if markets are not available at the time of any financing        levels of liquidity as determined under Board
                                           or refinancing requirement.                                                   approved limits.




For personal use only
                        Credit           Some counterparties may fail to fulfil their obligations (in whole or       •   Counterparty risk is managed through counterparty
                        and counterparty part) under major contracts, which could impact Origin’s revenues               risk limits, and assessments are regularly undertaken
                                         and business activities                                                         and, where appropriate, credit support is obtained to
                                                                                                                         manage counterparty risk.
                                                                                                                     •   Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) credit
                                                                                                                         is managed daily to ensure compliance with the
                                                                                                                         market rules, ensuring management forecast the
                                                                                                                         collateral required to continue to meet spot market
                                                                                                                         obligations for all AEMO markets.


                    OP ERA TIO NAL RIS KS

                    Operational risks arise from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or systems or from external events.

                        Risk               Consequences                                                        Management
                        Health & Safety    Origin has exposure to major incident events that may affect        •    Origin has in place a comprehensive strategy, framework,
                                           the health and safety of our people and members of the                   standards, and controls to manage health and safety
                                           communities in which we operate.                                         risks, including psychosocial safety. This includes
                                           A serious incident may cause regulatory intervention or legal            policies, procedures, programs, and systems to monitor
                                           action and damage Origin’s financial prospects and reputation.           and manage our health and safety risks.
                                                                                                               •    A dedicated board committee oversees safety and
                                                                                                                    sustainability. The committee receives regular reporting
                                                                                                                    of the highest rated safety risks and mitigants, and
                                                                                                                    reviews significant incidents and near misses.

                        Operations         Origin has exposure to reliability issues that may influence        •    Origin has a comprehensive framework, management
                                           our ability to operate our core assets (including critical               systems and monitoring over our assets design, build,
                                           infrastructure) leading to a prolonged outage. This includes             operating and technical integrity. This enables long-term
                                           supply chain disruption, limited availability / access to                reliability and safe operations of our assets throughout
                                           critical resources, major accident events, and climate related           their lifecycle.
                                           physical impacts.
                                                                                                               •    Origin’s standards and controls are designed to meet
                                           A prolonged production outage may affect supply, and                     regulatory and industry standards in all operations.
                                           damage Origin’s financial prospects and reputation.                 •    Origin personnel are appropriately trained and licensed
                                                                                                                    to perform their operational activities.
                                                                                                               •    Origin maintains an appropriate inventory and supplier
                                                                                                                    program to mitigate supply chain disruption.
                                                                                                               •    Origin maintains an extensive insurance program
                                                                                                                    to mitigate financial consequences by partially
                                                                                                                    transferring financial risk exposure to third parties where
                                                                                                                    commercially appropriate.
                                                                                                               •    Further explanation of physical climate-related risk
                                                                                                                    management can be found in our Sustainability Report.




                                                                                                                                                                                  55
                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    6 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects (continued)
                        Risk             Consequences                                                          Management
                        Major Projects   Origin is exposed to risks that may impact the planning,              •   Origin has dedicated management committees to
                                         management and execution of major projects and                            oversee Origin’s investments and delivery of major
                                         large-scale initiatives to deliver our strategic and operational          projects. These committees receive regular reporting of
                                         objectives, for example renewable generation projects and                 project stage gates.
                                         technology projects. This includes cost escalations, supply
                                         chain disruptions, changing legislation, global political volatility, •   Origin leverages a large body of learnings with
                                         inflationary landscape and skill shortages.                               experience taken from past projects. Major projects
                                                                                                                   are delivered safely and within prescribed timeframes
                                         Community sentiment towards the scale and cumulative                      following a defined project framework.
                                         impact of renewable energy projects and supporting                    •   Access, Approvals and Social Advocacy framework is
                                         infrastructure in regional and rural communities may lead to              implemented to manage social sentiment on renewable
                                         renewable infrastructure projects being delayed or prevented.             energy infrastructure, and to strengthen engagement
                                                                                                                   with local communities where major projects are planned
                                                                                                                   and delivered.




For personal use only
                                                                                                               •   Origin is progressing pre-FID activities for the ~1.5 GW
                                                                                                                   Yanco Delta Wind Farm development project in southern
                                                                                                                   New South Wales (NSW). In Dec 2025 we achieved
                                                                                                                   commercial operations for stage 1 Eraring Battery (460
                                                                                                                   MW 4hrs) and are on track to complete stage 2
                                                                                                                   (260 MW 6hrs) Q1 CY27. Commercial operations also
                                                                                                                   commenced at Mortlake Battery (300 MW 2hrs) in Q3
                                                                                                                   CY26. Further development feasibility work is underway
                                                                                                                   for additional BESS expansion in Mortlake and Eraring.
                                                                                                                   Tolling agreements are in place for the offtake from
                                                                                                                   Queensland’s 520 MW Supernode battery and South
                                                                                                                   Australia's 240 MW Summerfield battery.

                        Environment      A serious incident or Origin’s failure to consider and adequately •       Origin has a comprehensive framework of environmental
                        and social       mitigate environmental, social and socio-economic threats,                controls, management systems and operational
                                         have the potential to impact the environment and communities.             performance monitoring in place to manage operational
                                         A third party’s actions may also result in delay in Origin carrying       risks to the environment. Origin’s standards and
                                         out its approved development and operational activities, i.e.             controls are designed to meet regulatory and industry
                                         NGOs, landholders, community members and other affected                   standards in all operations. Further explanation of
                                         parties may seek to prevent or delay Origin’s activities.                 climate-related management activities can be found in
                                                                                                                   our Sustainability Report.
                                         Community concerns regarding environmental and social                 •   Origin engages with communities to understand,
                                         impacts associated with our activities may also give rise to              manage and report on environmental and social risks
                                         unrest amongst community stakeholder groups and activism.                 associated with our projects and operations.
                                         These events may damage Origin’s financial prospects                  •   Origin has a cultural awareness learning framework to
                                         and reputation.                                                           build awareness of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                                                                                                                   cultures, histories and achievements. Origin maintains
                                                                                                                   and implements Native Title Agreements and Cultural
                                                                                                                   Heritage Management Plans with Traditional Owners.
                                                                                                                   Engagement with impacted groups and consideration
                                                                                                                   of cultural heritage protection is undertaken as part
                                                                                                                   of ongoing operations and at appropriate project
                                                                                                                   stage gates.
                                                                                                               •   A dedicated Board Committee oversees safety and
                                                                                                                   sustainability. The Committee receives regular reporting
                                                                                                                   of the highest rated environmental risks and mitigants.
                                                                                                               •   Origin engages with stakeholders prior to seeking
                                                                                                                   relevant approvals for its development and operational
                                                                                                                   activities. This engagement continues through the life of
                                                                                                                   the project and during operations.




    56
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    6 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects (continued)
                        Risk                 Consequences                                                          Management
                        Cyber and            Origin holds customer, employee and commercial information,           •   A cyber security strategy is in place and is regularly
                        Information          and operates critical energy infrastructure including electricity         updated to cater for emerging threats, including AI-
                        security             generation, gas production and processing, and associated                 assisted attacks and vulnerabilities, security regulation
                                             operational technology and control systems.                               and stakeholder expectations.
                                             Cyber and information security risk arises from a range of          •     Origin maintains cyber security controls across identity
                                             sources, including external attack and misuse of authorised               and access management, data protection, monitoring,
                                             access, and requires ongoing monitoring, control and                      vulnerability management, third-party technology
                                             assurance to be appropriately managed. These threats continue             risk and operational technology environments and
                                             to evolve, including through the use of automation and                    response readiness.
                                             artificial intelligence to increase the scale and sophistication of •     Employees undertake compulsory cyber awareness
                                             phishing, credential theft, fraud, vulnerability exploitation and         training, including how to identify phishing emails and
                                             unauthorised data extraction.                                             keep data safe; and are subject to a regular program of
                                             Cyber and information security incidents may result in                    random testing.




For personal use only
                                             operational disruption, including to the supply of energy to          •   Security monitoring and incident response process exists
                                             customers, compromise of sensitive information, regulatory                and is exercised on a regular basis. In the event of an
                                             action and financial penalties, litigation and claims, remediation        incident, Origin is supported by an external incident
                                             and customer support costs, customer loss, and loss of                    response and forensics firm.
                                             customer or stakeholder trust.                                        •   Origin applies lessons from cyber incidents,
                                             In July 2026, Origin became aware of a data security incident             exercises and assurance activity to improve control
                                             involving unauthorised access to some of our customers’                   design, employee awareness, response readiness
                                             information. Learnings from the incident will be incorporated             and governance.
                                             in Origin's broader cyber security strategy.
                        APLNG gas            There is uncertainty about the reservoir productivity as well         •   APLNG integrates all available subsurface data to
                        reserves,            as total economically recoverable volumes from APLNG’s                    develop insights into regional prospectivity allowing
                        resources            assets. In addition, there is uncertainty on the uptime of the            identification and prioritisation of exploration prospects
                        and deliverability   production system including wells, pipelines and processing               to mature contingent and prospective resources.
                                             facilities. As a result, there is a risk that actual production may
                                             vary from that estimated, both in the near- and longer-term           •   APLNG monitors reservoir performance and adjusts
                                             horizons, and for the longer term there is a risk that there may          development plans accordingly. APLNG continually takes
                                             be insufficient reserves to supply the full duration and volumes          steps to further strengthen the supply base such as
                                             to meet contractual commitments.                                          lowering costs and identifying new plays.
                                                                                                            •          APLNG is progressing exploration activity that if
                                             As at 30 June 2026, APLNG’s identified reserves and resources             successful, could increase long term supply.
                                             are estimated to be greater than its contractual supply
                                             commitments on a volume basis. However, given the inherent     •          APLNG has a program to investigate and trial
                                             uncertainty in forecasting future production rates, there is a            technology with the aim of increasing the productivity
                                             risk that the rate of gas delivery required to meet APLNG’s               of its resources.
                                             committed gas supply agreements may not be able to be met      •          APLNG continues to review business development
                                             for the later years in the life of existing contracts.                    opportunities for long term gas supply, and has the
                                                                                                                       ability to substitute gas or LNG to meet contractual
                                             The gas reservation scheme, if not well designed, could                   requirements if required.
                                             increase uncertainty and suppress domestic prices below
                                             economic levels, impacting investment decisions for APLNG.            •   Production surveillance of field performance, including
                                                                                                                       the reservoir and the production system, is used to
                                                                                                                       identify any potential shortfalls and then develop and
                                                                                                                       implement appropriate recovery plans.
                                                                                                                   •   Refer to ‘Political and regulatory policy’ risk for the
                                                                                                                       management of policy changes.




                                                                                                                                                                                    57
                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                    6 Risks related to Origin’s future financial prospects (continued)
                        Risk             Consequences                                                         Management
                        Conduct          Unlawful, unethical or inappropriate conduct could result in         •   Origin’s people are trained on the laws and regulations
                        and compliance   penalties, reputational/brand damage, loss of customers and              that apply to their activities and operations or on
                                         adverse financial impacts.                                               the processes that underpin compliance with laws
                                         Origin’s financial prospects and operations are underpinned              and regulations.
                                         by our licence to operate which requires compliance with             •   Origin’s Purpose, Values, Behaviours and Code
                                         stakeholder commitments and expectations, regulations, and               of Conduct guide conduct and decision making
                                         laws. For example, requirements for dealing with vulnerable              across Origin.
                                         customers, privacy, and insider trading.                             •   All employees are trained in our Code of Conduct,
                                         Certain entities within Origin (and joint venture entities such as       and we conduct training for insider trading, privacy and
                                         APLNG) are subject to various court proceedings and claims,              competition law every year.
                                         as well as audits and reviews by government, regulatory bodies       •   Conduct risk and compliance controls specific to the
                                         or joint venture partners. In some cases, regulatory breaches            different parts of Origin’s business are the accountability
                                         are self-reported to the applicable regulator. In most instances,        of business units and are subject to assurance activities,




For personal use only
                                         it is not possible to reasonably predict the outcome of those            including internal audit.
                                         matters or their impact on the Company.                              •   The Audit and Risk Committee monitors
                                                                                                                  compliance performance.

                        Joint ventures   Third party shareholders and joint venturers may have                •   Origin has dedicated teams that manage our joint
                        and associates   economic or other business interests that are inconsistent               ventures and understand Origin’s rights and obligations
                                         with Origin’s interests and may take actions contrary to the             under the relevant joint venture agreements.
                                         Company’s objectives, interests or standards.
                                                                                                              •   We apply a number of governance and management
                                         This may lead to potential financial, reputational and                   standards across our various joint venture and minority
                                         environmental damage in the event of a serious incident.                 shareholder interests to provide a consistent approach to
                                                                                                                  managing them.
                                                                                                              •   Origin actively monitors and participates in governance
                                                                                                                  matters in its joint ventures through participation in their
                                                                                                                  respective boards and governance committees as well as
                                                                                                                  through shareholder voting rights.




    58
                    Operating and Financial Review




                    7 APLNG reversion
                    In 2002, Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) acquired various CSG                  – $650 million (as at 30 June 2025), if reversion occurred on
                    interests from Tri-Star that are subject to reversionary rights and an         1 September 2023;
                    ongoing royalty in favour of Tri-Star. If triggered, the reversionary
                    rights require APLNG to transfer back to Tri-Star a 45 per cent          •   if reversion occurred on 1 November 2008, whether Tri-Star
                    interest in those CSG interests for no additional consideration. The         would have sold the affected CSG interests in 2008 or 2009
                    reversion trigger will occur when a calculation of the revenue from          (as alleged by Tri-Star) and, if so, what compensation might
                    the sale of petroleum from those CSG interests, plus any other               be recoverable for that ‘lost opportunity’ (Tri-Star’s estimate of
                    revenue derived from or in connection with those CSG interests,              this claim is $409 million, on Tri-Star's assumption that it is not
                    exceeds the aggregate of all expenditure relating to those CSG               liable to pay any of the costs incurred by APLNG in exploring
                    interests plus interest on that expenditure, royalty payments and            and developing the affected CSG interests between the date of
                    the original acquisition price.                                              reversion and the date of judgment);
                                                                                             •   the consequences of APLNG having dealt with the affected
                    The affected CSG interests represent approximately 19 per cent
                                                                                                 CSG interests between the date of past reversion and the date
                    of APLNG’s 3P CSG reserves (as at 30 June 2026), and
                                                                                                 of judgment, including the gas produced from them. In this
                    approximately 20 per cent of APLNG’s 2P CSG reserves (as at




For personal use only
                                                                                                 regard, Tri-Star has claimed:
                    30 June 2026).
                                                                                                 – ‘equitable compensation’, which Tri-Star asserts is to be
                    Tri-Star served proceedings on APLNG in 2015 (‘2015 proceeding’)               assessed by reference to the ‘market value’ of the gas
                    claiming that reversion had been triggered. In 2017, Tri-                      produced from the affected CSG interests since the alleged
                    Star commenced separate proceedings against APLNG (‘2017                       reversion, either as at the date of trial or as at the date the
                    proceeding’), relating to various operating agreements among                   gas was allegedly sold by APLNG:
                    other things. APLNG has strongly denied Tri-Star’s claims in
                                                                                                    – for an alleged 1 November 2008 reversion, Tri-Star’s
                    the 2015 and 2017 proceedings and is vigorously defending
                                                                                                      asserted estimate of that ‘market value’ is approximately:
                    those proceedings. Since commencing these actions, Tri-Star has
                    amended and repleaded its claims in both proceedings on a                          – $14.6 billion (based on a wholesale domestic gas
                    number of occasions, most recently in March and April 2026.                          spot price of $12.53 per GJ) less processing and
                                                                                                         transportation costs; or
                    In the 2015 proceeding, Tri-Star claims that reversion occurred
                                                                                                       – alternatively, $11.23 billion (based on Tri-Star’s
                    on 1 November 2008, following ConocoPhillips’ investment in
                                                                                                         calculation of historical wholesale domestic gas market
                    APLNG, on the assertion that the equity subscription monies paid
                                                                                                         prices) less processing and transportation costs, plus
                    by ConocoPhillips, or a portion of them, were revenue for purposes
                                                                                                         compound interest; or
                    of the reversion trigger. Tri-Star also claims in the alternative that
                    reversion occurred on or about 1 August 2022 or on or about                     – for an alleged 1 August 2022 reversion, Tri-Star’s asserted
                    1 September 2023. These claims are referred to in this document                   estimate of that ‘market value’ is approximately:
                    as Tri-Star’s "past reversion" claims.                                             – $3.06 billion (based on a wholesale domestic gas
                                                                                                         spot price of $12.53 per GJ) less processing and
                    Tri-Star has made other claims in the 2015 proceeding against
                                                                                                         transportation costs; or
                    APLNG relating to other aspects of the reversion trigger calculation
                    (including as to the calculation of interest, calculation of revenue               – alternatively, $3.33 billion (based on Tri-Star’s
                    and the nature and quantum of APLNG’s expenditures that can                          calculation of historical wholesale domestic gas market
                    be included), the calculation of the royalty payable by APLNG to                     prices) less processing and transportation costs, plus
                    Tri-Star, rights in respect of infrastructure, and claims relating to                compound interest; or
                    gas sold by APLNG following the alleged reversion dates.                        – for an alleged 1 September 2023 reversion, Tri-Star's
                                                                                                      asserted estimate of that ‘market value’ is approximately:
                    If Tri-Star’s past reversion claims are successful, then Tri-Star may
                    be entitled to an order that reversion occurred on 1 November                      – $1.35 billion (based on a wholesale domestic gas
                    2008 (or, alternatively, on 1 August 2022 or 1 September 2023).                      spot price of $12.53 per GJ) less processing and
                    If the Court determines that reversion has occurred, then APLNG                      transportation costs; or
                    may no longer have access to the reserves and resources that                       – alternatively, $1.2 billion (based on Tri-Star's calculation
                    are subject to Tri-Star’s reversionary interests and may need to                     of historical wholesale domestic gas market prices)
                    source alternative supplies of gas (including from third parties) to                 less processing and transportation costs, plus
                    meet its contracted commitments. There are also likely to be a                       compound interest.
                    number of further complex issues that would need to be resolved
                                                                                                 Tri-Star does not quantify the deduction for processing and
                    as a consequence of any such finding in favour of Tri-Star. These
                                                                                                 transportation costs for either scenario; or
                    matters will need to be determined by the Court (either in the
                    current or in separate proceedings) or by agreement between the              – alternatively, an ‘account’ of the profits earned by APLNG
                    parties, and include:                                                          or its affiliates from the alleged sale of gas produced from
                                                                                                   the affected CSG interests, which Tri-Star asserts is to be
                    •   the terms under which some of the affected CSG interests
                                                                                                   calculated as the revenue received by APLNG or its affiliates,
                        will be operated where currently there are no joint operating
                                                                                                   less the costs which APLNG or its affiliates establish should
                        agreements in place;
                                                                                                   be taken into account in the calculation of the profits. Tri-
                    •   the amount of Tri-Star’s contribution to the costs incurred by             Star’s claim asserts that:
                        APLNG in exploring and developing the affected CSG interests
                                                                                                    – since 1 November 2008, its estimate of that revenue
                        between the date of reversion and the date of judgment, which
                                                                                                      received, calculated by reference to the sale of gas as
                        APLNG has stated in its amended defence and counter-claim
                                                                                                      LNG and gas to domestic customers, is approximately
                        are in the order of:
                                                                                                      $11.4 billion (as at December 2023);
                        – $5.94 billion (as at 30 June 2025), if reversion occurred on
                                                                                                    – since 1 August 2022, its estimate of that revenue
                          1 November 2008;
                                                                                                      received, calculated by reference to the sale of gas as
                        – $985 million (as at 30 June 2025), if reversion occurred on                 LNG and gas to domestic customers, is approximately
                          1 August 2022;                                                              $3.65 billion (as at 31 December 2023); and

                                                                                                                                                                        59
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    7 APLNG reversion (continued)
                           – since 1 September 2023, its estimate of that revenue           If APLNG is not successful in defending all or some of the claims
                             received, calculated by reference to the sale of gas as        being made in the proceedings by Tri-Star, APLNG’s financial
                             LNG and gas to domestic customers, is approximately            performance may be materially adversely impacted and the
                             $1.49 billion (as at December 2023).                           amount and timing of cash flows from APLNG to its shareholders,
                                                                                            including Origin, may be significantly affected.
                           There are presently a number of uncertainties as to the
                           quantum of Tri-Star’s claims. Tri-Star does not quantify in
                           its claim the costs necessarily expended by APLNG or
                           its affiliates to produce and sell the gas and LNG which         8 Important information
                           generated that alleged revenue;
                    •   if reversion occurred:                                              Information on likely developments in the Company’s business
                                                                                            strategies, prospects and operations for future financial years
                        – the extent of the reversionary interests, principally with
                                                                                            and the expected results that could result in unreasonable
                          respect to Tri-Star’s ownership of, and/or rights to use or
                                                                                            prejudice to the Company (for example, information that is
                          access, certain project infrastructure; and
                                                                                            commercially sensitive, confidential or could give a third party




For personal use only
                        – the repayment by Tri-Star of the ongoing royalty which            a commercial advantage) has not been included in this OFR.
                          has been paid by APLNG since reversion, resulting (in the         The categories of information omitted include forward-looking
                          premises of Tri-Star’s claim) from APLNG’s mistake as to the      estimates and projections prepared for internal management
                          occurrence of the reversion trigger.                              purposes, information regarding the Company’s operations and
                    If APLNG is successful in defending Tri-Star’s past reversion claims    projects, which are developing and susceptible to change, and
                    in the 2015 proceeding, the potential for reversion to otherwise        information relating to commercial contracts.
                    occur in the future in accordance with the reversion trigger will
                    remain. In the 2017 proceeding, Tri-Star makes a number of claims
                    relating to:
                    •   the nature and scope of the obligations of APLNG as operator
                        pursuant to the CSG joint operating agreements;
                    •   Tri-Star’s ownership of, and/or rights to use or access, certain
                        project infrastructure; and
                    •   APLNG’s entitlement as operator to charge (both historically
                        and in the future) certain categories of costs under the relevant
                        CSG joint operating agreements.

                    In March 2025, Tri-Star filed an application requesting that the
                    Court strike-out parts of APLNG's pleadings in its defence and
                    counterclaim in the 2015 proceeding. The application was heard
                    by the Court in August 2025, and judgment was delivered in
                    February 2026. The Court ordered that parts of APLNG’s pleading
                    be struck out, with leave to replead. APLNG repleaded in both
                    proceedings in May and June 2026 to address the judgment and
                    respond to Tri-Star’s most recent pleadings.

                    The facilitated conferral process proposed by APLNG is continuing
                    under Court orders and that Court ordered process is being
                    conducted on a without prejudice basis.

                    Before the proceedings are set down for trial, the Court would
                    ordinarily order a number of procedural steps to be completed by
                    the parties, including document disclosure, evidence preparation
                    and exchange and pre-trial mediation.

                    The Court process that will be followed in the 2015 and 2017
                    proceedings (and the procedural timetable) will depend on the
                    decisions of the Court and is difficult to predict at this stage.




    60
                    Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    F OR TH E YEAR ENDE D 30 J U NE 2 0 26




                    In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Directors        DIVIDENDS
                    of Origin Energy Limited (Company) report on the consolidated
                    entity Origin Energy Group (Origin), being the Company and its           On 13 August 2026, the Directors determined a fully franked final
                    controlled entities for the year ended 30 June 2026.                     dividend of 30 cents per share, on ordinary shares. The dividend
                                                                                             will be paid on 2 October 2026.
                    The Operating and Financial Review and Remuneration Report
                    form part of this Directors’ Report.                                     3 Dividends
                    1 Principal activities, review of                                        a. Dividends paid during the year by the Company were
                                                                                                as follows:
                      operations and significant change
                                                                                                                                                              $ million
                      in state of affairs                                                     30 cents per ordinary share, fully franked, for the full year     517
                                                                                              ended 30 June 2025, paid on 3 October 2025




For personal use only
                    During the year, the principal activity of Origin was the operation of
                                                                                              30 cents per ordinary share, fully franked, for the half year     517
                    energy businesses including exploration and production of natural
                                                                                              ended 31 December 2025, paid on 27 March 2026
                    gas, electricity generation, wholesale and retail sale of electricity
                    and gas, and sale of liquefied natural gas. There have been no
                                                                                             b. In respect of the current financial year, the Directors have
                    significant changes in the nature of those activities during the year
                                                                                                determined a final dividend as follows:
                    and no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Company
                    during the year.
                                                                                                                                                              $ million
                    The Operating and Financial Review, which forms part of this
                                                                                              30 cents per ordinary share, fully franked, for the full year     517
                    Directors’ Report, contains a review of operations during the             ended 30 June 2026, payable on 2 October 2026
                    year and the results of those operations, the financial position of
                    Origin, its business strategies, and prospects for future financial
                                                                                             The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will apply to this final
                    years, including likely developments in Origin’s operations in future
                                                                                             dividend at no discount.
                    financial years and the expected results of those operations.


                    2 Events subsequent to                                                   4 Directors and Company Secretary
                      balance date                                                           The Directors of the Company at any time during or since the
                                                                                             end of the financial year are set out below. The qualifications,
                    Other than the matters described below, no matters or                    experience and special responsibilities of current directors are set
                    circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2026 which have                  out in the “Board of Directors” section of the Annual Report. The
                    significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the Company’s       qualifications and experience of the Company Secretary is also set
                    operations, the results of those operations, or the Company’s state      out below:
                    of affairs in future financial years.
                                                                                             I N D E P E ND E NT NO N- E X E C U T I V E D IR E C T O R S
                    K RA KEN TE CHNO L OGI E S                                               Scott Perkins (Chair)
                    On 9 July 2026, additional shares in Kraken Technologies were            Ilana Atlas AO
                    issued to Origin in exchange for the waiver of exclusivity to            Maxine Brenner (retired 15 October 2025)
                    the Kraken platform in Australia. On the same date, Origin               Deion Campbell
                    also completed an additional US$140 million (A$210 million)              Fiona Hick (appointed 18 August 2025)
                    investment in Kraken Technologies. Following completion of               Greg Lalicker
                    these transactions, Origin’s direct economic interest in Kraken          Mick McCormack
                    Technologies increased to 19.6 per cent.                                 Stephen Mikkelsen (appointed 18 August 2025)
                                                                                             Dr Nora Scheinkestel
                    A PLNG DIVID ENDS                                                        Dame Joan Withers DNZM

                    On 14 July 2026, the directors of APLNG determined a fully               M AN AG I NG D IR E C TO R A N D C HI E F
                    franked dividend to be paid to shareholders. The Company                 E XE C UT I V E O FF I CE R
                    received a fully franked dividend from APLNG of US$47 million
                    (A$68 million) on 29 July 2026.                                          Frank Calabria

                    On 11 August 2026, the directors of APLNG determined a further           C OM P AN Y SE CRE TA RY
                    fully franked dividend to be paid to shareholders. The Company
                    expects to receive a fully franked dividend of US$46 million on          Helen Hardy
                    27 August 2026.                                                          Helen Hardy joined Origin in March 2010. She was previously
                                                                                             General Manager, Company Secretariat of a large ASX-listed
                    D A TA SE CURITY IN CI DE NT                                             company, and has advised on governance, financial reporting
                    On 22 July 2026, Origin notified the ASX of a data security              and corporate law at PwC and Freehills. Helen is a Chartered
                    incident that involved unauthorised access to some customers'            Accountant, Chartered Secretary and a Graduate Member of the
                    information. Origin's review of the incident is ongoing.                 Australian Institute of Company Directors. Helen is a Director of the
                                                                                             Governance Institute of Australia and a member of its Legislative
                    Origin has notified the Office of the Australian Information             Review Committee. She holds a Bachelor of Laws and a Bachelor
                    Commissioner and has been engaging with the Australian Cyber             of Commerce from the University of Melbourne, a Graduate
                    Security Centre, the National Office of Cyber Security and the           Diploma in Applied Corporate Governance and is admitted to legal
                    Australian Federal Police in relation to the incident.                   practice in New South Wales and Victoria.
                                                                                                                                                                          61
                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    5 Directors’ meetings
                    The number of Directors’ meetings, including Board committee meetings, and the number of meetings attended by each Director during
                    the financial year, are shown in the table below:

                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration,
                                                                                                                                     Safety &                                  People &
                                                                   Scheduled         Additional                  Audit & Risk      Sustainability          Nomination           Culture
                        Directors                                  H(1)      A(2)    H(1)    A(2)                H(1)       A(2)    H(1)      A(2)         H(1)       A(2)    H(1)       A(2)
                        I Atlas                                      8           8    2       2                   -          -       -         -            2          2       5          5
                        M Brenner(3)                                 2           2    1       1                   1          1       2         2            1          1       -          -
                        F Calabria                                   8           8    2       2                   -          -       5         5            -          -       -          -
                        D Campbell                                   8           8    2       2                   4          4       5         5            1          1       -          -
                        F Hick(4)                                    7           7    1       1                   -          -       3         3            -          -       3          3
                        G Lalicker                                   8           8    2       2                   -          -       2         1            -          -       3          3




For personal use only
                        M McCormack                                  8           8    2       2                   3          3       5         5            -          -       2          2
                        S Mikkelsen(4)                               7           7    1       1                   -          -       3         2            -          -       -          -
                        S Perkins                                    8           8    2       2                   4          4       5         5            2          2       5          5
                        N Scheinkestel                               8           8    2       2                   4          4       -         -            2          2       -          -
                        J Withers                                    8           8    2       2                   4          3       -         -            -          -       5          5

                    (1) Number of meetings held during the time that the Director held office or was a member of the Committee during the year.
                    (2) Number of meetings attended.
                    (3) Prior to the date of retirement on 15 October 2025.
                    (4) From the date of appointment on 18 August 2025.


                    The Board held eight scheduled meetings and two additional meetings to deal with urgent matters. In addition, the Board also held
                    briefings and workshops on specific topics and conducted site visits of Company operations at various sites and met with operational
                    management during the year.

                    From time to time, the Board delegates its authority to non-standing committees of Directors to consider matters of particular relevance or
                    urgency. In the 12 months to 30 June 2026, four such additional Board committee meetings were held.


                    6 Directors’ interests in shares, Options and Rights
                    The relevant interests of each Director in the shares and rights over such instruments issued by the Company as at the date of this report
                    are set out below. There are no outstanding Options over shares.

                                                Ordinary shares held                              Restricted                 Performance Rights                          Restricted Rights
                        Director               directly and indirectly                                shares            (PR) over ordinary shares                 (RR) over ordinary shares
                        I Atlas                                     50,000                                   -                                       -                                          -
                        M Brenner                                            -(1)                            -                                       -                                          -
                        F Calabria                                  917,847                          937,015                               386,973                                   525,009
                                                                                                                                                     (2)                                        (2)




                        D Campbell                                       7,467                               -                                       -                                          -
                        F Hick                                               -                               -                                       -                                          -
                        G Lalicker                                 100,000                                   -                                       -                                          -
                        M McCormack                                100,000                                   -                                       -                                          -
                        S Mikkelsen                                 10,000                                   -                                       -                                          -
                        S Perkins                                   80,000                                   -                                       -                                          -
                        N Scheinkestel                                42,811                                 -                                       -                                          -
                        J Withers                                   29,980                                   -                                       -                                          -

                    (1) Maxine Brenner retired as a Non-executive Director on 15 October 2025. Maxine Brenner held 28,367 ordinary shares at cessation on 15 October 2025.
                    (2) The exercise price for Performance Rights and Restricted Rights is nil. Refer to the Remuneration Report for further information.


                    No Director other than the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer participates in the Company’s Equity Incentive Plan.




    62
                    Directors’ Report




                    6 Directors’ interests in shares, Options and Rights (continued)
                    SEC URITIES GRAN TE D BY O R I G I N
                    Non-executive Directors do not receive Options or Rights as part of their remuneration. Non-executive Directors are eligible to participate
                    in the Non-executive Director Share Plan (NEDSP) which is a fee sacrifice plan. During the year, no new participants entered the NEDSP
                    and no fees were sacrificed by the existing participant in FY26.

                    The following securities were granted to the five most highly remunerated officers (other than Directors) of the Company during the year
                    ended 30 June 2026:

                                                                                                         Performance               Restricted
                                                                                      Restricted                Rights                 Rights                                   Employee
                                                                 Restricted              Shares              (PR) over              (RR) over              Matching                  Share
                                                                    Shares         (Vested LTI)(1)     ordinary shares        ordinary shares               Rights(2)          Plan Shares
                        J Briskin                                     59,672                157,702                40,645                40,644                       -                    77
                        G Jarvis                                      66,108                160,118                40,645                40,644                    415                         -




For personal use only
                        K Jordan                                       41,719              140,015                 35,752                35,752                    415                         -
                        A Lucas                                        61,581               141,177                40,645                40,644                    306                         -
                        A Thornton                                    51,600               144,336                40,080                40,080                     415                         -

                    (1) Shares allocated on vesting of Performance Rights and Restricted Rights (including dividend equivalents) awarded in prior periods as part of the Company’s long term
                        incentive arrangements.
                    (2) Matching Rights were granted in accordance with the Employee Share Plan rules. The Employee Share Plan is available to all eligible Origin employees. The Managing
                        Director and Chief Executive Officer is not eligible to participate in the Employee Share Plan. Refer to the Remuneration Report for further details.


                    The awards of Restricted Shares, Performance Rights and Restricted Rights were made in accordance with the Company’s Equity
                    Incentive Plan as part of the relevant Executive’s remuneration. Further details on Rights granted during the financial year, and unissued
                    shares under Rights, are included in the Remuneration Report.

                    No Options or Rights were granted since the end of the financial year.

                    OR I G IN SHARES IS SU ED O N T H E E X E R C I S E O F O P T I O N S A N D R I G H T S
                    Options

                    No Options granted under the Equity Incentive Plan were exercised during or since the year ended 30 June 2026, so no ordinary shares in
                    Origin were issued as a result.

                    Rights

                    3,314,612 ordinary shares of Origin were allocated from the Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust during the year ended 30 June
                    2026 on the vesting and exercise of Performance Rights and Restricted Rights including dividend equivalents under the Equity Incentive
                    Plan, and vesting and exercise of Matching Rights granted under the Employee Share Plan. No amounts were payable on the vesting of
                    these Rights and, accordingly, no amounts remain unpaid in respect of any of those shares.

                    Since 30 June 2026, 9,409 ordinary shares were allocated from the Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust on the vesting of
                    Matching Rights granted under the Employee Share Plan.

                    All shares in the Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust were purchased on market. During the reporting period, 4,000,000 Origin
                    shares were purchased on-market for the purpose of Origin’s employee incentive and share plans. The average price per share purchased
                    was $11.64.


                    7 Environmental regulation and performance
                    The Company’s operations are subject to environmental regulation under Commonwealth, State and Territory legislation. For the year
                    ended 30 June 2026, the Company’s operations recorded a total of ten reportable environmental incidents which were formally notified
                    to the relevant regulatory authorities. These include both incidents arising from Origin’s own activities as well as those where Origin was
                    the operator of a joint venture. All of these incidents resulted in environmental impacts of a minor and/or temporary nature. As a result
                    of these incidents, Origin received three warning notices and two breach notices. Appropriate remedial actions have been or are being
                    undertaken in response to each notice or reportable environmental incident.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   63
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report




                        8 Indemnities and insurance for                                     10 Non-audit services
                          Directors and Officers                                            The amounts paid or payable to EY for non-audit services provided
                                                                                            during the year was $869,000 (shown to the nearest thousand
                    Under its Constitution, the Company may indemnify current and           dollars). Amounts paid to EY are included in note G.7 to the full
                    past Directors and Officers for losses or liabilities incurred by       financial statements.
                    them as a Director or Officer of the Company or its related             Based on written advice received from the Audit and Risk
                    bodies corporate to the extent allowed under law. The Constitution      Committee Chair pursuant to a resolution passed by the Audit and
                    also permits the Company to purchase and maintain a Directors’          Risk Committee, the Board has formed the view that the provision
                    and Officers’ insurance policy. No indemnity has been granted           of those non-audit services by EY is compatible with, and did not
                    to an auditor of the Company in their capacity as auditor of            compromise, the general standards of independence for auditors
                    the Company.                                                            imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
                    The Company has entered into agreements with current Directors          The Board’s reasons for concluding that the non-audit services




For personal use only
                    and certain former Directors whereby it will indemnify those            provided by EY did not compromise its independence are:
                    Directors from all losses or liabilities in accordance with the terms
                                                                                            •   all non-audit services provided were subject to the Company’s
                    of, and subject to the limits set by, the Constitution.
                                                                                                corporate governance procedures and were either below the
                    The agreements stipulate that the Company will meet the full                pre- approved limits imposed by the Audit and Risk Committee
                    amount of any such liability, including costs and expenses to               or separately approved by the Audit and Risk Committee;
                    the extent allowed under law. The Company is not aware of any           •   all non-audit services provided did not, and do not, undermine
                    liability having arisen, and no claim has been made against the             the general principles relating to auditor independence as they
                    Company during or since the year ended 30 June 2026 under                   did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work,
                    these agreements.                                                           acting in a management or decision making capacity for the
                    During the year, the Company has paid insurance premiums in                 Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly
                    respect of Directors’ and Officers’ liability, and legal expense            sharing risks and rewards; and
                    insurance contracts for the year ended 30 June 2026.                    •   there were no known conflict of interest situations nor any
                                                                                                other circumstance arising out of a relationship between Origin
                    The insurance contracts insure against certain liability (subject to
                                                                                                (including its Directors and Officers) and EY which may impact
                    exclusions) of persons who are or have been Directors or Officers
                                                                                                on auditor independence.
                    of the Company and its controlled entities. A condition of the
                    contracts is that the nature of the liability indemnified and the
                    premium payable not be disclosed.                                       11 Proceedings on behalf of
                    9 Auditor independence                                                     the Company
                                                                                            The Company is not aware of any proceedings being brought on
                    There is no former partner or director of EY, the Company’s             behalf of the Company, nor any applications having been made in
                    auditors, who is or was at any time during the year ended               respect of the Company under section 237 of the Corporations
                    30 June 2026 an officer of the Origin Energy Group. The auditor’s       Act 2001 (Cth).
                    independence declaration for the financial year (made under
                    section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) is attached to
                    and forms part of this Report.                                          12 Rounding of amounts
                                                                                            The Company is an entity to which ASIC Corporations (Rounding
                                                                                            in Financial/ Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2026/183 applies and,
                                                                                            in accordance with that instrument, amounts in the financial report
                                                                                            and Directors’ Report have been rounded off to the nearest million
                                                                                            dollars unless otherwise stated.


                                                                                            13 Remuneration
                                                                                            The Remuneration Report forms part of this Directors’ Report.




    64
                    Remuneration Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    F OR TH E YEAR ENDE D 30 J U NE 2 0 26

                    Letter from the Chair of the Remuneration,
                    People and Culture Committee
                    Dear Shareholder

                    On behalf of the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee (RPCC) and the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration Report
                    for the year ended 30 June 2026 (FY26).

                    PER FORMANCE IN FY2 6

                    No changes were made to the framework in FY26, however the Board refined and enhanced governance processes including those that
                    link safety performance with remuneration outcomes, as set out in section 5.3.

                    Origin’s FY26 results highlight the strength of our diversified portfolio with improved EBITDA from Energy Markets and Origin’s share
                    of Octopus Energy, offset by the expected reduction in commodity-linked earnings from Integrated Gas and higher depreciation and
                    amortisation and interest.

                    Underlying profit was lower, however statutory profit grew and NCOIA increased by $2.3 billion reflecting strong cash flows from both
                    Energy Markets and Australia Pacific LNG, reduced capital expenditure as we near completion of our battery investment program,




For personal use only
                    and lower tax paid reflecting the lagged impact of balancing payments from prior years. This strong cash performance enabled us
                    to invest in the transition, deliver stable fully franked dividends and ensure the balance sheet is well positioned and resilient through
                    commodity cycles.

                    Our businesses performed well, whilst navigating turbulent global commodity markets. In Energy Markets we saw generation reliability,
                    customer growth, reduced cost to serve and strong trading outcomes translating to EBITDA towards the top end of our guidance range.
                    The Integrated Gas business outperformed both production and cost targets. Octopus Energy continued its rapid growth trajectory both
                    in the retail energy customers and customers contracted to the Kraken platform.

                    During FY26, Origin progressed key strategic priorities, including continued simplification and efficiency outcomes across the business,
                    the successful delivery of major battery projects on time and on budget, the advancement of options to replace Eraring capacity, and the
                    business also achieved a major milestone in the formal separation of Kraken Technologies from Octopus Energy.

                    Importantly, the strong operational performance was achieved safely. Safety measures are reported in the Key Stakeholder Measures table
                    in the ESG Report (which forms part of this Annual Report). It is noteworthy that FY26 recorded a reduction in the Total Recordable Injury
                    Frequency Rate (TRIFR) of 34 per cent from prior year.

                    D A TA SE CURITY IN CI DE NT
                    In July 2026, Origin reported that there had been unauthorised access to some customer’s information (‘Data Security Incident’ or ‘DSI’).
                    The Company has apologised for the incident and recognises the uncertainty caused. Management took immediate steps to contain
                    the incident, notify authorities, support customers, enhance security controls and appointed independent cyber experts to support
                    the response.

                    The review of the incident is continuing and Origin is working closely with the Australian Government and other agencies, including the
                    Australian Cyber Security Centre, the National Office of Cyber Security and the Australian Federal Police.

                    While those reviews will take some time to complete, executive management is taking a shared accountability for the occurrence of the
                    incident. The Board has determined that it is appropriate for proximate remuneration adjustments to be made to FY26 incentive outcomes
                    to reflect that shared accountability and to recognise the large number of customers involved and the importance of the security of our
                    systems and customer data.

                    The adjustments total 17.5 percentage points (ppt) and are in two parts. First, FY26 STI outcomes have been reduced by 10 per cent
                    of target. This reduction has been applied wholly to the cash element of the STI award (rather than split between cash and deferred
                    elements). Second, the vest outcome for the FY24-26 Deferred Cash LTI award (vesting effective 30 June 2026) has been reduced from
                    100 per cent to 92.5 per cent1.

                    The combined impact of these adjustments is $357,000 for the CEO, and $607,000 for the Other Executive KMP ($964,000 in total).
                    The payment adjustments are being applied to all members of the ELT in office at the end of FY26. Further details are in sections 4.2.2
                    and 4.2.3 of the Report. After the ongoing reviews have been completed, should the Board determine that any further remuneration
                    adjustments are required, those would be additional to the adjustments being implemented now.

                    RE MUNE RATIO N OUTCOM E S F O R F Y 26

                    Origin’s share price experienced volatility during the last quarter of the year. The closing share price at year-end was $10.98, up from
                    $10.79 prior year. The less volatile annual volume-weighted average price (VWAP) for FY26 was $11.85, which was 13.8 per cent higher
                    than prior year. Dividends declared for FY26 were 60 cents per share.
                    •   Fixed Remuneration (FR)
                        FR increased by 3.3 per cent for the CEO in July 2025 and an average of 3.5 per cent for Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                        to maintain market alignments, and consistent with adjustments across the organisation.
                    •   Board and committee fees
                        For FY26 the Chair fee and the base Non-executive Director (NED) fees were increased by 1.4 per cent and 2.9 per cent respectively,
                        with no change to committee fees.


                    1
                        The FY24-26 Deferred Cash LTI award for J Briskin was 40 per cent underpinned to an Octopus investment assessment, and 60 per cent to the general underpin
                        assessment against which the adjustments were applied. Accordingly, the overall adjusted vest for all Executive KMP was 93.2 per cent (dollar-weighted average) as
                        shown in the Five Year table (section 4.1).
                                                                                                                                                                                             65
                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    Letter from the Chair of the Remuneration,
                    People and Culture Committee (continued)
                    •    FY26 Short Term Incentive (STI) outcomes
                         As identified above, following the Data Security Incident the Board has applied discretion to reduce scorecard outcomes by 10
                         percentage points at target (DSI Adjustment Part A), the details for which are shown in section 4.2.1. Further, the whole of the
                         adjustment has been applied to the cash element (rather than splitting 50 per cent cash and 50 per cent Restricted Shares). The
                         component breakdown for Executive KMP is shown in section 4.2.3.
                         The final outcomes were 75.1 per cent of maximum for the CEO (FY25 – 73.8 per cent), with Other Executive KMP ranging from 65.0
                         to 75.4 per cent of maximum (FY25 – 64.5 to 80.4 per cent). The dollar-weighted average for all Executive KMP was 71.4 per cent of
                         maximum (FY25 – 73.4 per cent).
                    •    Long Term Incentives (LTI) vested in FY26
                         One LTI grant, the FY24-26 Deferred Cash award, was tested for vesting in FY26. As detailed in section 4.2.4 the vesting determination
                         for this award was initially for full vest. After that determination had been made, the Data Security Incident identified above occurred.
                         In response to the occurrence of this event the Board determined to reduce the vesting outcome by 7.5 per cent to 92.5 per cent (DSI
                         Adjustment Part B)1.
                    •    Realised remuneration in FY26




For personal use only
                         Realised remuneration included cash from the FY26 STI outcomes and Deferred Cash from the FY24-26 LTI vest referred to previously,
                         plus equity released from FY21-26 LTI awards and FY24 Deferred STI awards (section 4.2.5). The table highlights that realised
                         remuneration includes value flowing from the strength of Origin’s share price appreciation since the awards were granted. The
                         impacts of the two DSI Adjustments are wholly reflected in this table as they both served to reduce cash payments for FY26 and
                         not future payments.
                    •    Executive remuneration linked to climate-related considerations in FY26
                         In line with new reporting requirements for the proportion of executive remuneration that is linked to climate-related considerations,
                         section 4.2.6 identifies the proportion of remuneration recognised for FY26 from both STI and LTI plans.

                    LO OKING F ORWARD TO FY 27

                    The Board continually reviews the remuneration framework to ensure that it remains fit-for-purpose and aligns executive interests and
                    incentive outcomes with Company performance and shareholder interests.
                    •    FY27 executive structure
                         On 12 November 2025 Origin announced that Greg Jarvis (Executive General Manager (EGM), Energy Supply and Operations) would
                         step down from his role at the end of June 2026 and remain in an advisory capacity until cessation of employment on 30 September
                         2026. Andrew Thornton, previously EGM Integrated Gas commenced in the role of EGM Energy Supply and Operations on 1 July
                         2026. Following a restructure of the Integrated Gas business Aleta Nicoll moved into the role of EGM Integrated Gas and joined the
                         Executive Leadership Team (“ELT”) effective 1 July 2026. Aleta has been with the Integrated Gas business for 14 years. It is especially
                         pleasing that these internal appointments reflect the benefits of our orderly succession planning.

                    •    FY27 LTI allocations
                         The Board determined that FY27 LTI allocations (performance period 1 July 2026 to 30 June 2029) will be made at the standard
                         allocation levels (as set out in section 3.4). These awards are expected to be granted in September 2026 (or, for the CEO, following the
                         October 2026 Annual General Meeting (AGM)).
                    •    FY27 remuneration framework
                         No material changes to the remuneration framework for FY27 are planned. The company-wide annual Fixed Remuneration review
                         conducted shortly after FY26 year-end is effective from 1 September 2026 generally (and from 1 July 2026 for ELT). Executive
                         movements are expected to lie in a similar range to those for FY26. No adjustments are proposed to be made to NED fees.


                    The Board will continue to test the remuneration framework’s fitness for purpose in a rapidly changing operational and economic context.
                    We continue to believe the framework enables Origin to source and retain the talent necessary to realise its strategy to lead the energy
                    transition through developing and delivering cleaner energy and customer solutions. The Board appreciates the constructive investor
                    engagement each year and notes the consistently high level of shareholder support, with votes in favour of our remuneration reports
                    averaging 97.1 per cent at Annual General Meetings over the past five years. The remuneration framework and our decisions within it
                    strive to get the balance right in retaining and motivating the team, aligning executive and shareholder interests, earning trust across the
                    wider stakeholder groups and strengthening and growing the business. As always, feedback and engagement on our Remuneration Report
                    is welcomed.




                        Ilana Atlas
                        Chair, Remuneration, People and Culture Committee




                    1
                        40 per cent of J Briskin’s FY24-26 LTI award was subject to an Octopus Investment underpin. In his case the vest reduction applied to the 60 per cent that was subject to
                        the normal underpin. The overall average KMP vest outcome (dollar-weighted) was 93.2 per cent (Table 4.1).
    66
                    Remuneration Report




                    Report structure
                    The Remuneration Report forms part of the Directors’ Report. It has been prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)
                    (the Act) and Accounting Standards, and has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of the Act.

                    The report is divided into the following sections.


                        1. Key Management Personnel
                        2. Remuneration link with Company performance and strategy
                        3. Incentive Plans – key features
                        4. Company performance and remuneration outcomes
                        5. Governance
                        6. Non-executive Director fees
                        7. Statutory tables and other disclosures




For personal use only
                    1 Key Management Personnel
                    The Remuneration Report discloses the remuneration arrangements and outcomes for the KMP listed below, as defined by Australian
                    Accounting Standards Board (AASB) 124 Related Party Disclosures. Members of the RPCC are identified in the last column.

                        Name              Role                                                           Appointed                  Retired         KMP in FY26        RPCC
                        S Perkins(1)      Independent Non-executive Chair                                 20-Oct-20                                       Full year    Member
                        I Atlas           Independent Non-executive Director                               19-Feb-21                                      Full year     Chair
                        M Brenner         Independent Non-executive Director                               15-Nov-13              15-Oct-25               Part year
                        D Campbell        Independent Non-executive Director                                2-Sep-24                                      Full year
                        F Hick            Independent Non-executive Director                               18-Aug-25                                      Part year    Member
                        G Lalicker        Independent Non-executive Director                                 1-Mar-19                                     Full year    Member
                        M McCormack       Independent Non-executive Director                              18-Dec-20                                       Full year
                        S Mikkelsen       Independent Non-executive Director                               18-Aug-25                                      Part year
                        N Scheinkestel    Independent Non-executive Director                                4-Mar-22                                      Full year
                        J Withers         Independent Non-executive Director                               21-Oct-20                                      Full year    Member
                        Executive KMP
                        F Calabria        Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer                    19-Oct-16                                      Full year
                        A Lucas           Chief Financial Officer                                            1-Jul-24                                     Full year
                        J Briskin         EGM Retail                                                        5-Dec-16                                      Full year
                        G Jarvis(2)       EGM Energy Supply and Operations                                  5-Dec-16             30-Jun-26                Full year
                        A Thornton        EGM Integrated Gas                                                 1-Nov-21                                     Full year

                    (1) Mr Perkins was appointed to the Board on 1 September 2015 and appointed Chair on 20 October 2020.
                    (2) As announced on 12 November 2025, Greg Jarvis ceased in the KMP role on 30 June 2026 and will cease employment at the end of September 2026.


                    In this report, ‘Other Executive KMP’ refers to Executive KMP excluding the CEO. The term ‘Other ELT’ refers to members of the ELT who
                    are not defined as KMP.




                                                                                                                                                                                67
                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report




                    2 Remuneration link with Company performance and strategy
                    2.1 F RAMEWORK O V ER V I EW

                    Our remuneration framework is designed to support the Company’s strategy and performance, with three objectives:
                    •    to attract and retain the talent needed to successfully run and grow the business in alignment with the Company’s operating and
                         strategic plans;
                    •    to pay people fairly and competitively, and to reward successful execution; and
                    •    to reward people in a way that balances short-term and long-term value considerations and encourages executives to invest in the
                         business as owners.

                    Alignment with the objectives is achieved through a framework design comprising Fixed and Variable Remuneration as summarised in the
                    table below.

                        Component                                       Purpose                                     Delivery
                        Fixed Remuneration                                                                          Cash and superannuation are paid regularly and evenly throughout




For personal use only
                                                                        •   Attracts talent through a
                                                                            competitive salary that reflects        the year.
                                                                            the role scope and the skills and       FR is reviewed annually informed by market benchmarks and
                                                                            experience required to succeed          individual performance (no automatic or guaranteed change).
                                                                            in it.
                                                                        •   Provides financial stability.

                                                                        •   At risk reward contingent               Awards can vary between zero and a capped maximum
                        Variable                                            on performance.                         opportunity level, delivered in a mix of cash and deferred equity.
                        Remuneration                                                                                The opportunity level, proportion of equity and length of deferral
                                                                                                                    increase with the size of the role.
                                            STI                         •   Focuses talent to                       Targets are set in advance on a balanced scorecard at the
                                                                            drive and deliver                       beginning of the year, and assessed at year-end.
                                                                            operational performance.                The STI award (if any) is determined by the scorecard outcome
                                                                        •   Rewards the hitting and                 (subject to adjustment for personal performance and/or Board
                                                                            exceeding of specific targets           discretion) and paid after year-end.
                                                                            set with reference to annual            Half is paid in cash and half in Restricted Shares deferred across
                                                                            plans, priorities and budgets.          two more years(1).
                                            LTI                                                                     Annual allocations of equity that vest conditionally after a three-
                                                                                                                                           (2)

                                                                        •   Focuses talent on the
                                                                            protection of Company value.            year performance period, deferred across a further two year
                                                                            Rewards value and delivery              deferral period (total deferral across 3-5 years)(1). Grants are made
                                                                            against long-term plans                 shortly after the commencement of the performance period, with
                                                                            and strategies.                         vesting determined at the end of the period.

                                                                        •   Aligns talent with                      As detailed in section 3.2, half of the grant is in the form
                                                                            ownership (shareholder-                 of Performance Rights conditional on performance against an
                                                                            executive alignment).                   external financial hurdle (RTSR), and half is in the form of
                                                                                                                    Restricted Rights subject to assessment against an Underpin
                                                                                                                    Framework as detailed in section 3.2.

                                                                                                                    Sections 3.2 and 3.3 note that the LTI face value allocation levels
                                                                                                                    incorporate an embedded discount to market to reflect the nature
                                                                                                                    of the LTI award structure.

                    (1) The pattern of deferral depends on the executive’s status relative to their Minimum Shareholding Requirement (MSR) (section 2.3) and as shown on the timeline chart
                        (section 2.2). Until the MSR is met, cliff release applies after two years (STI) or three years (LTI). Once the MSR is met, progressive release applies. Malus and clawback
                        provisions (section 5.3.3) apply beyond the deferral periods.
                    (2) Annual LTI allocations are subject to a pre-allocation review (section 5.3.2).


                    2.2 REMUNERATIO N T I ME L I N E S

                    The following chart shows the components of executive remuneration and their timelines.

                    FY26 remuneration is delivered progressively over five years. Deferral periods are integrated with the Minimum Shareholding Requirement
                    (MSR) policy (section 2.3), which determines whether cliff or progressive releases apply to the deferrals for both STI and LTI.

                    The FY26 STI cash payment and grant of deferred equity are implemented in September, following the end of the one-year performance
                    period and the year-end closed trading period. The equity element is deferred over the following two years, with the final release in
                    August 2028.

                    The FY26 LTI equity allocation was granted as soon as practicable after the beginning of its three-year performance period. To the extent
                    that performance and service conditions are satisfied on test at the end of the performance period (30 June 2028), some or all of the
                    grant may vest in August 2028. Where the MSR has been met, a progressive release of the vested grant occurs across a further two years,
                    as shown in the chart. Otherwise, the whole of the vested grant is released after a further period of two years (“cliff release”). In either
                    case, further restrictions may arise under the MSR policy.




    68
                    Remuneration Report




                    2 Remuneration link with Company performance and strategy (continued)
                                                FY26                                   FY27                             FY28                            FY29                           FY30                           FY31
                             1 July 2025                     30 June 2026                        30 June 2027                    30 June 2028                     30 June 2029                      30 June 2030

                           FY26     Paid evenly
                             FR     through the year

                                                                     50%
                                                                     cash
                                    Performance
                           FY26     Period – one year                                   If above MSR,

                                                                      50% Restricted
                                                                                                                      one-half                     one-half
                             STI    Additional deferral periods
                                                                                        progressive release



                                                                         Shares
                                    up to two years
                                                                                        If below MSR, cliff release




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                         If above MSR,
                                                    Performance Period – three years                                                        one-third    progressive release one-third                           one-third
                        FY26–28
                             LTI                    Additional deferral periods up to two years (half Performance Rights,
                                                    half Restricted Rights)                                                               If below MSR, cliff release


                                    Grant date (equity)              Payment date (cash)                   Release date (Restricted Shares)
                                   Note: STI Restricted Shares are granted in September following the end of the performance period; LTI Rights are granted at the beginning of the performance period in September
                                   (or October for CEO), with vesting subject to test outcomes and releases as shown usually at end August.




                    2.3 MINIMUM SHAREH OL DI N G R E Q U I R EM EN T F O R E X E C U T I V E K M P

                    The purpose of Origin’s MSR policy is to encourage the building of long-term sustainable business value and to strengthen alignment
                    between executives and shareholders by requiring executives to accumulate and then maintain a threshold value of Origin shares.

                    The MSR is notionally referenced to multiples of FR. These have been set above market benchmarks to strengthen the alignment between
                    management and shareholders and to encourage an ownership mindset. The MSR levels also reflect the structure of the LTI that is
                    designed to generate smaller but more frequent vesting patterns relative to the market generally.

                    For the CEO, the requirement is 2.5 times FR, and for the Other Executive KMP, it is 1.5 times FR.

                    To reduce the complexity associated with moving targets, the policy is administered on the basis of a numeric shareholding, which is
                    periodically reviewed, taking into account changes in FR and the share price trajectory. The FY26 MSR levels were 600,000 and 178,000
                    shares for the CEO and Other Executive KMP, respectively, and these levels will also apply for FY27. Restricted and unrestricted shares
                    count towards the MSR but Performance and Restricted Rights do not.

                    The MSR must be met within four years of the first equity incentive grant to the executive and then maintained through their KMP tenure.
                    While the MSR policy does not operate beyond tenure, the trading locks arising from individual STI and LTI equity awards operate beyond
                    cessation and to their originally determined release dates.

                    Executive KMP shareholdings at 30 June 2026 and values as FR multiples are shown in Table 7-2 (b).

                    2.4 OTHER SHARE PL AN S A ND R E MU N ER A T I O N A R R A N G E M E N T S

                    The Company operates a universal Employee Share Plan (ESP) in which all full-time and part-time employees (other than Executive
                    Directors) can choose to participate in either the General Employee Share Plan (GESP) with annual awards of $1,000 in Company shares,
                    or the Matching Share Plan (MSP), which allows participants to purchase up to $4,800 in shares annually and to receive one-for-one
                    Matching Rights (MRs) at no cost and which vest after two years subject to ongoing employment. Currently, all ESP shares are purchased
                    on market. Shares and MRs granted under the ESP do not have any performance hurdles as they have been granted to encourage broad
                    participation in the scheme across the Company through employee share ownership.

                    In appropriate circumstances, the Board may consider deferred payment arrangements to reduce the risk of losing critical talent, or to
                    provide sign-on equity to offset or mirror the unvested equity a prospective executive forfeits to take up employment with Origin.

                    Arrangements for NEDs are detailed in section 6.2.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             69
                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report




                    3 Incentive Plans – key features
                    3. 1 SHO RT TERM I NC EN T I V E P L A N – KE Y F EA T U R E S

                        PARAMETER             DETAILS
                        Purpose               As identified in section 2.1, the purpose of the STI Plan is to drive and deliver operational performance and to reward
                                              achievement against targets set with reference to annual (financial year) plans, priorities and budgets.
                        Form of awards        Cash and deferred equity have been chosen to provide a balance of reward on delivered performance at year-end,
                                              with the deferred equity serving executive shareholding and retention objectives.

                                              Half of the award is paid in cash in September following the end of each financial year (the performance period),
                                              subject to a continuing service obligation at the time of payment.

                                              The other half is deferred and delivered in the form of Restricted Shares that are locked for up to two years, subject
                                              to a continuing service obligation, forfeitable on resignation in that period. The deferral structure is integrated with
                                              the MSR policy (section 2.3) and as shown in the timeline chart (section 2.2).




For personal use only
                                              The number of Restricted Shares is calculated as the Deferred STI amount divided by the 60-trading-day VWAP to
                                              30 June of the performance year just completed, rounded to the nearest whole number.
                        Scorecard operation   Origin’s principles for its Balanced Scorecard are focused on output rather than input/enabler measures and are
                                              generally weighted 60 per cent on financial metrics and 40 per cent strategic/non-financial metrics. Limiting the
                                              number of metrics (generally 10 or fewer) aids focus and prioritisation while reducing dilution and averaging effects.

                                              The focus on output measures ensures financial rewards are generated by delivered outcomes, rather than for
                                              potential future outcomes. However, the enablers (i.e. the how measures in contrast to the what) remain important
                                              for the executives. These are considered closely in the holistic Executive Performance Review (section 5.3.2), a
                                              process that can result in discretionary adjustments to formulaic scorecard outcomes.

                                              Each measure has a threshold level of performance such that all line items are gated, with targets set as
                                              summarised below.

                                              •   Threshold performance


                                                                                                                       Maximum
                                                  represents minimum
                                                  achievement warranting limited                                100%                                                         167%
                                                  payout (33 per cent of target or




                                                                                        Result (% of maximum)
                                                  20 per cent of stretch).




                                                                                                                                                                                    Result (% of target)
                                              •   Target performance represents
                                                  achievement of robust annual
                                                                                                                       Target
                                                  operational milestones (60 per                                60%                                                          100%
                                                  cent of stretch).
                                              •   Stretch (maximum) performance
                                                  represents exceptional outcomes


                                                                                                                       Threshold
                                                  well above expectation.
                                                                                                                20%                                                          33%
                                              Straight-line pro-rating is applied
                                              between threshold and target,
                                              and between target and                                             0%                                                          0%
                                              stretch performance.                                                                 Threshold         Target        Stretch


                                                                                                                                    Increasing performance level

                                              Balanced scorecards for executives are agreed at the beginning of the financial year using shared Group objectives
                                              and targeted divisional objectives.
                                              The STI opportunity levels increase with job size and operational influence (referenced to market benchmarks
                                              described in section 3.3).
                                                                                                                 Target                            Maximum
                                                             Executive KMP                                      100% FR                             167% FR
                        Opportunity level
                                                             Other ELT                                           75% FR                             125% FR
                                              The level of outperformance to go from target to stretch (1.67:1.00) is the same for all participants. It reflects the
                                              scorecard geometry and provides a meaningful ‘strive for stretch’ incentive.

                                              Achieving the maximum opportunity requires achieving every scorecard item at stretch level.
                        Award calculation
                        and assessment




                                              Achievement and performance against each executive’s balanced scorecard are assessed annually as part of the
                                              Company’s broader performance review process and are subject to Board discretion and adjustment, as detailed in
                                              section 5.3.




    70
                    Remuneration Report




                    3 Incentive Plans – key features (continued)
                        PARAMETER                      DETAILS
                        Service conditions and         Unless the Board determines otherwise:
                        cessation of employment
                                                       •   In cases of death, disability, redundancy, genuine retirement or other ‘good leaver’ circumstances as approved by
                                                           the Board, to the extent that a STI award is payable, it is delivered wholly in cash. Restricted Shares from prior
                                                           awards remain on foot until the end of their original restriction period.
                                                       •   In all other circumstances, the whole of the STI award is forfeited, and Restricted Shares still under restriction from
                                                           prior STI awards are also forfeited(1).

                        Dividends                      As the STI has been earned and awarded, Restricted Shares carry dividend entitlements and voting rights.
                        Sourcing of                    The Board’s practice is to purchase shares on market, but it may issue shares or make the award in alternative forms,
                        Restricted Shares              including Deferred Cash.
                        Governance and MSR             After restrictions on Restricted Shares are lifted, trading is subject to the MSR (section 2.3), the Company’s Dealing in
                                                       Securities Policy, and the malus and clawback provisions detailed in section 5.3.3.




For personal use only
                    (1) The effective date of forfeiture is the date that notice of cessation of employment was (or was required to have been) given by the Company or the executive.


                    3. 2 L O NG TER M IN CE N TI V E P L A N – K E Y F E A T U R E S

                        PARAMETER             DETAILS
                        Purpose               The purpose of the LTI plan is to incentivise executives to create long-term sustainable shareholder value and to align
                                              shareholder and executive interests.
                        Vehicle               LTI awards are delivered wholly in Share Rights over ordinary shares, which may conditionally vest over a three-year
                                              performance period and deferred for up to five years (as set out in the timeline chart in section 2.2).

                                              Share Rights are granted in the form of indeterminate rights as soon as practicable(1) after the commencement of the
                                              performance period (see timeline chart in section 2.2). It is intended that vested rights will be equity-settled; however, the
                                              Board retains discretion to cash-settle in special circumstances.

                                              Vested Share Rights are exercised automatically and are converted to Shares and/or Restricted Shares according to the
                                              timeline chart (section 2.2) and as determined by MSR compliance (section 2.3).

                                              Share Rights have been chosen because they do not generate value to the executive unless and until they vest. After the
                                              rights vest and they are exercised into shares, the shares carry normal shareholder benefits, including voting entitlements
                                              and dividend payments. Share Rights serve as an incentive to focus on the long-term decisions and contributions
                                              represented in the performance conditions described below, while serving as a retention mechanism because they are
                                              at risk of forfeiture.

                                              Unvested Share Rights do not carry any dividend or voting entitlements. Upon vesting, each vested Share Right represents
                                              a right to a fully paid ordinary share in the Company and such additional shares equal in value to the amount of dividends
                                              (as determined by the Board) that would have been paid and re-invested had the executive held the shares throughout the
                                              performance period.
                        Form of               The Share Rights are allocated in the form of two different but complementary elements that best suit the commodity nature
                        awards and            and investment profile of our energy business. The two elements incentivise long-term value creation.
                        opportunity level
                                              Performance Rights (PRs) vest subject to an RTSR performance condition that embraces the Company’s overall financial
                                              performance by ranking it against the companies that compete with it for investment capital. Measurement is determined
                                              independently, based on the return to shareholders over a three-year performance period through share price movements
                                              and dividends paid, assuming the dividends are reinvested. RTSR has been chosen because it is a holistic measure, easily
                                              verifiable, simple and widely understood. The comparator group is the S&P/ASX50 (as constituted at the beginning of the
                                              performance period). No vesting occurs unless Origin is ranked above the 50th percentile of the comparator group, with
                                              full vesting at the 75th percentile, and pro-rata vesting between. The target or expected (risked) vest outcome for PRs is 50
                                              per cent.

                                              Restricted Rights (RRs) are tested against an Underpin Framework. This method was chosen because it provides a holistic
                                              assessment of executive performance taking into consideration a diverse range of performance and organisational health
                                              metrics. These include but are not limited to the key stakeholder categories of Planet, Customers, Communities and People
                                              including those in the Key Stakeholder Measures report(2) as part of a lookback process at the end of the performance
                                              period. For the RRs granted early in FY26 the lookback will be across FY26, FY27 and FY28. Specific targets are not set in
                                              advance as the references are intended to reflect non-financial priorities and strategic imperatives as they have emerged or
                                              developed over the performance period.

                                              At the end of the performance period the Board considers whether Company and individual performance across the
                                              lookback period meets robust Board expectation, if not then vesting may be reduced or cancelled (on either an individual
                                              or collective basis). Absent such deficiency, the RRs vest in full. Accordingly the target and maximum vesting outcome is
                                              considered to be 100 per cent.

                                              The number of PRs and RRs is determined at face value and that number is equally allocated between PRs and RRs.
                                              Therefore, the overall LTI target (expected) vesting outcome is 75 per cent (section 3.4).

                                              By design, the maximum face-value LTI opportunity level is set below market benchmarks to recognise the relatively higher
                                              vesting expectation of our LTI Plan structure (as noted in section 3.3). Effectively, upside opportunity has been sacrificed
                                              for more frequent but smaller-valued vesting outcomes. While the maximum potential opportunity value is designed to be
                                              below the market, it is designed to align to the market at the risked or “target” opportunity level.


                                                                                                                                                                                        71
                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    3 Incentive Plans – key features (continued)
                        PARAMETER              DETAILS
                                                                                                                                         Maximum
                                                                                                         Target                     (standard allocation)
                                                              CEO                                       90% FR                             120% FR
                                                              Other ELT                                 60% FR                              80% FR
                                               In the normal course of events awards are granted annually at the standard (maximum) allocation level subject to the
                                               Executive Performance Review (section 5.3.2) which includes a pre-allocation assessment for LTI awards. From time to time
                                               the Board may determine that a particular allocation for one or more executives should be varied up or down (including to
                                               zero). Awards in FY26 were all allocated at the standard level.

                                               The potential value of an allocation may be zero if the allocation is not made, if the award fails to vest or if the award is
                                               forfeited. The maximum value is the present-day value of the allocation (the face value) assuming 100 per cent of the Share
                                               Rights vest and service conditions are met. The actual or realised value of an LTI award depends on the level of vesting,
                                               which may be increased or decreased by post-allocation share price movements, and cannot be determined until the end of




For personal use only
                                               the deferral period (up to five years).
                        Number of              The total number of Share Rights to be granted is calculated on a face value basis by dividing the allocation value of the
                        Share Rights           award being made by the 60-trading-day VWAP of Origin shares prior to the commencement of the performance period,
                                               rounded to the nearest whole number.

                                               In dividing the Share Rights into PRs and RRs, if the total number of Share Rights is an odd number, the number of RRs is
                                               rounded down and the number of PRs is rounded up.
                        Service conditions Unless the Board determines otherwise:
                        and cessation
                        of employment      • In circumstances of death, disability, redundancy, genuine retirement or other ‘good leaver’ circumstances as approved
                                              by the Board, Share Rights remain on foot(3), subject to their original terms and conditions (other than the continuing
                                              service condition);

                                               •   In all other cases, all Share Rights are forfeited(4).
                                                   Holding locks, malus and clawback provisions continue to operate post cessation.

                        Sourcing of            The Board’s practice is to satisfy the vesting of Share Rights through the purchase of shares on market, but it may issue
                        Shares or              shares or make the award in alternative forms, including cash or Deferred Cash.
                        Restricted Shares
                        Governance             After restrictions on Restricted Shares are lifted, trading is subject to the MSR (section 2.3) and the Company’s Dealing in
                        and MSR                Securities Policy. Malus and clawback provisions apply (section 5.3.3).

                    (1) For the CEO, this is usually following shareholder approval at the AGM.
                    (2) Prior to FY26, this table was published as Key Sustainability Performance measures in annual Sustainability Reports. It is currently published as Key Stakeholder Measures
                        in the ESG Report, which forms part of this Annual Report. The FY26 version of this table is at page 202 of this Annual Report. The FY26-28 Restricted Rights awards will
                        reference, inter alia, the FY28 version of this table as part of the three-year lookback.
                    (3) Any Share Rights granted in the financial year of the cessation are retained on a pro-rata basis relative to service in that year.
                    (4) The effective date of forfeiture is the date that notice of cessation of employment was (or was required to have been) given by the Company or the executive.


                    3. 3 B ENC HMARKING

                    Executive remuneration is benchmarked to the Australian market by reference to two peer groups. The primary benchmark group is
                    comprised of seventy S&P/ASX100 companies excluding the top six by market capitalisation, and excluding foreign-domiciled and owner-
                    founder companies. While Origin’s market capitalisation has been close to the median of this group for some time, relative movements
                    during FY26 now place Origin close to the median of the S&P/ASX50, which is a secondary benchmark reference of increasing relevance.

                    While the two peer groups above define the analysis pool for general design parameters, remuneration levels for individual positions are
                    analysed on a ‘comparable role’ basis, taking into consideration job scope, complexity, and incumbent experience.

                    Benchmarking for STI and for FR+STI is undertaken at both target and maximum opportunity levels. In contrast, benchmarking for LTI and
                    for TR is aligned to the market ‘at target’ only. By design, the RR tranche at face value maximum value is set below market, as noted in
                    section 3.2.




    72
                    Remuneration Report




                    3 Incentive Plans – key features (continued)
                    3. 4 REMUNERATION RAN G E A N D MI X

                    The overall remuneration mix – informed by the framework’s principles and design, and the benchmarking – is summarised in the
                    following table. While the quantum of FR is reviewed every year (with no guarantee of change), the variable remuneration policy settings
                    (which have not changed since the LTI opportunities were discounted in FY21 to accommodate the underpinned tranche of the LTI
                    Plan) are reviewed from time to time to ensure they remain aligned appropriately to market, and that they are effective in terms of the
                    framework objectives.



                                                           MULTIPLE OF FR                                                  REMUNERATION MIX

                                                                                                                       Fixed                  Variable
                                                 CASH FR      CASH STI      EQUITY STI   EQUITY LTI   TR               Cash                    Equity




For personal use only
                        CEO

                                                                                                                100%
                        Minimum                     1.0           –             –            –        1.0
                                                                                                                100%

                                                                                                                34.5%             65.5%
                        Target                      1.0         0.50           0.50        0.90       2.90
                                                                                                                   51.7%             48.3%

                                                                                                                25.8%                  74.2%
                        Maximum                     1.0         0.835         0.835         1.20      3.87
                                                                                                                     47.4%                  52.6%

                        Other Executive KMP
                                                                                                                100%
                        Minimum                     1.0           –             –            –        1.0
                                                                                                                100%

                                                                                                                38.5%           61.5%
                        Target                      1.0         0.50           0.50        0.60       2.60
                                                                                                                   57.7%           42.3%

                                                                                                                28.8%                71.2%
                        Maximum                     1.0         0.835         0.835        0.80       3.47
                                                                                                                     52.9%                   47.1%



                    For the CEO, at-target outcomes are delivered almost two-thirds in variable (and forfeitable) remuneration, while maximum outcomes are
                    delivered almost three-quarters in VR. At target, almost half is in the form of deferred equity, and at maximum, just over half.

                    All Other Executive KMP share the same configuration. At target, more than 60 per cent is delivered as VR and more than 40 per cent is in
                    deferred equity. At maximum, more than 70 per cent is delivered as VR, and 47 per cent as deferred equity.




                                                                                                                                                                73
                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    4 Company performance and remuneration outcomes
                    This section summarises FY26 remuneration outcomes and provides commentary on their alignment with Company outcomes.

                    4. 1 FIVE-YEAR COM P AN Y P E R F O R MA N C E A ND R E M U N E R A T I O N O U T C O M E S

                    The following table links Company performance and shareholder experience with remuneration outcomes over five years.

                        Five-year key performance metrics                                                                 FY22            FY23            FY24           FY25            FY26
                        Group statutory earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) ($m)                                     (745)           1,621           2,126         1,726            1,825
                        Underlying basic earnings per share (EPS) (cents)                                                   23.2            43.4            68.7          86.7             67.4
                        Net cash from/used in operating and investing activities (NCOIA) ($m)                             3,363              585          1,098           (445)           1,854
                        Energy Markets underlying earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                                                                                                                            401            1,038           1,655         1,404            1,701
                        amortisation (EBITDA) ($m)
                        Integrated Gas underlying EBITDA (total operations) ($m)                                           1,837           1,919           1,951         2,202            1,620




For personal use only
                        Adjusted net debt ($m)                                                                            2,838            2,877          2,833          4,654           4,852
                        Underlying Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)(1)(%)                                                    7.1             9.6           15.2           14.6            12.6
                        Retail Customer Happiness Index (CHI)(2)                                                              —             65.0            69.1          69.4             72.7
                        Closing share price at end of June(3) ($)                                                           5.73            8.41          10.86          10.79            10.98
                        Average share price (annual VWAP)                                                                   5.45            7.34           8.80           10.41           11.85
                        Dividends determined for the FY(4) (cents per share)                                                  29            36.5              55            60               60
                        Annual TSR (%)                                                                                      32.4            47.6           36.4             4.5             6.8
                        STI outcomes (% of maximum, average Executive KMP)(5)                                              73.6             79.3            76.7          73.4             71.4
                        Three-year rolling TSR (CAGR % pa)(6)                                                               (0.4)           20.3            38.4          24.9             17.0
                        Three-year RTSR rank in ASX50(7) (percentile)                                                       P34              P83           P100            P85              P75
                        LTI outcomes (% vest )(8)                                                                          16.0           100.0           100.0         100.0              93.2

                    (1) Underlying ROCE is defined in the ‘Glossary and interpretation’ section. Underlying ROCE for FY22 is based on a rolling 12-month average. For subsequent years it is
                        based on a rolling 24-month average. It has been adjusted to exclude the impact of the $2.2 billion impairment of goodwill in FY22.
                    (2) Customer Happiness Index, introduced in FY23, measures the proportion of satisfied customers over the previous 12 months.
                    (3) The opening share price for FY22 was $4.51.
                    (4) Dividends represent the interim plus final dividends determined for each financial year. For FY26, this includes the final dividend determined on 13 August 2026 and to
                        be paid on 2 October 2026.
                    (5) Total value of STI awarded to Executive KMP as a percentage of their combined potential maximum STI. STI forfeited is the complement of the STI outcome.
                    (6) Three-year TSR calculations use the LTI methodology for averaging the opening and closing share prices in TSR calculations. Until FY24, this was based on a
                        three-calendar-month VWAP (approximately 64 trading days). Since FY25, a standard 60-trading-day VWAP has been used.
                    (7) The ASX50 peer group represents the S&P/ASX50 constituents as at the beginning of the three-year measurement period, which commenced three years prior to the
                        end of the financial year. Companies subsequently removed (as a result of de-listing, mergers, acquisitions or similar) are generally not replaced unless the Board
                        determines otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI grants relating to the relevant three-year period.
                    (8) The vesting percentage is determined as at the test date in the final year or the performance period. The test date is generally 30 June, in which case the formal vest
                        usually takes place the following August after the lifting of the end-year closed period for trading. The FY24 LTI grant that would normally have been made in Share
                        Rights was replaced by a Deferred Cash award due to the operation of a Scheme Implementation Deed at the time. This Deferred Cash award vested effective 30 June
                        2026 at a dollar-weighted average of 93.2 per cent after the application of DSI Adjustment Part B (section 4.2.4). There were no PRs or RRs tested in FY26.




    74
                    Remuneration Report




                    4 Company performance and remuneration outcomes (continued)
                    4. 2 I NC ENTIVE AN D PA Y O U T C O ME S

                    4 .2 . 1 C EO ST I SCO RE CARD A N D S TI O U TC O M E S
                    STI awards are calculated using a balanced scorecard for which the principles and design are covered in section 3.1, which notes the
                    criteria for setting threshold, target and stretch targets; and notes that the geometrical relationship between target and stretch is the same
                    as that between target and maximum STI opportunity levels, and consistent across the Company. The CEO’s scorecard for FY26 is shown
                    below with outcomes and assessments.


                                                            RESULT                         TARGETS AND OUTCOMES                 OUTCOME         CONTRIBUTION
                        MEASURE                            AND UNITS        WEIGHT     THRESHOLD        TARGET STRETCH          (% of target)
                                                                                             53.2         70.0          84.5
                        Underlying earnings per share        67.4cps         15.0%                                                      89.6%               13.4%




For personal use only
                                                                                             1,109        1,472         1,814
                        Origin NCOIA                          1,854m         10.0%                                                     167.0%               16.7%


                                                                                             1,390        1,540         1,740
                        Energy Markets EBITDA                $1,701 m         17.5%                                                    153.9%               26.9%


                                                                                             640           660          675
                        APLNG production                      668 PJ         10.0%                                                     135.7%               13.6%


                                                                                             3,116        3,016         2,916
                        APLNG lowest cost of supply          $2,973 m         7.5%                                                     128.8%                9.7%


                                                                                              33           100          167
                        Financial measures                                   60.0%                                                     133.8%              80.3%


                        Improved organisational                                               33           100          167
                                                          Fully achieved      5.0%                                                     167.0%                8.4%
                        efficiency and effectiveness

                        Replacement of Eraring
                                                                                              33           100          167
                        capacity including cleaner           At target        17.5%                                                   100.0%                17.5%
                        energy solutions

                        Octopus Group valuation and                                           33           100          167
                                                          Fully achieved      17.5%                                                    167.0%               29.2%
                        Kraken Technologies separation

                                                                                              33           100          167
                        Strategic priorities                                 40.0%                                                     137.8%               55.1%


                                                                                              33           100          167
                        Total                                               100.0%                                                    135.4%              135.4%

                        Data Security Incident Adjustment (Part A)                                                                     10.0%               10.0%

                                                                                              33           100          167
                        Adjusted Total                                                                                                125.4%              125.4%



                    The financial metrics account for 60 per cent of the scorecard weighting, and 40 per cent are weighted to non-financial strategic and
                    operational priorities. Origin’s EPS and NCOIA targets represent half of the financial metrics across all Executive KMP STI scorecards.
                    The remaining financial metrics vary such that those for Other Executive KMP and divisional Executive General Managers are tailored to
                    divisional targets and priorities. As set out in the Introductory Letter to this Report, two remuneration adjustments have been made to
                    recognise shared executive accountability for the occurrence of the Data Security Incident post year-end. The first adjustment (Part A) is a
                    reduction of 10.0 percentage points to the STI scorecards for ELT members, reducing the CEO’s scorecard from 135.4 per cent of target to
                    a total of 125.4 per cent of target (75.1 per cent of maximum), and other Executive KMP ranging between 108.6 to 125.9 per cent of target
                    65.0 to 75.4 per cent of maximum).

                    4 .2 . 2 SC ORECARD ASS E SS M E N T A N D S U M M A R Y
                    Key points relating to the CEO's scorecard measures are summarised below, noting any material adjustments that have been considered or
                    applied. The principles for consideration of adjustments are detailed in section 5.3.2.

                    Underlying earnings per share
                    (A measure of earnings and profitability)
                    The below target outcome is driven by lower share of Octopus Energy earnings, partially offset by stronger performance in Energy
                    Markets and Integrated Gas. Targets for this metric are adjusted to reflect impacts to depreciation associated with the Eraring Power
                    Station life extension, Octopus regulatory changes, and impairments.




                                                                                                                                                                     75
                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report




                    4 Company performance and remuneration outcomes (continued)
                    Origin NCOIA
                    (Net cash from/(used in) operating and investing activities)
                    This metric measures effective cash flow generation. The stretch outcome reflects higher earnings from Energy Markets, improved
                    operating cash flow conversion, strong cash distributions from APLNG. Targets were adjusted to incorporate Eraring Battery Stage 4
                    capital expenditure, Retail acquisitions, and changes to tax instalment rates.

                    Energy Markets EBITDA
                    (A measure of operating performance for the Energy Markets business)
                    The Energy Markets Underlying EBITDA result was well above target, driven by higher wholesale electricity earnings from trading activity,
                    strong generation performance and lower green certificate costs. Strong growth in customer accounts and reductions in cost to serve also
                    lifted earnings. Pleasingly, the business delivered on its cost-out target set on a baseline of FY24 costs.

                    APLNG production
                    (A measure of field performance in the APLNG business)
                    Production of 668 PJ exceeded target, reflecting a continued focus on production-accretive optimisation and increased output from both




For personal use only
                    operated and non-operated assets.

                    APLNG lowest cost of supply
                    (A measure of capital and operating costs in the APLNG business)
                    This metric reflects management’s control over operating and fixed-scope capital costs within a target range agreed by APLNG
                    shareholders, considering associated opportunities and risks. The outcome of ($2,973 million) was between target and stretch.

                    Improved organisational efficiency and effectiveness
                    Work completed in FY26 delivered the remainder of the two-year project to optimise operational efficiency in corporate and
                    functional areas.

                    Replacement of Eraring capacity including cleaner energy solutions
                    This metric reflects progress against the Eraring replacement options and advancement of the Yanco Delta Wind Farm towards a Final
                    Investment Decision (FID) with the project selected as part of the CIS tender 7 during the period.

                    Octopus Group valuation and Kraken Technologies (Kraken) separation
                    This is a measure of the Octopus Energy and Kraken external valuation and progress made in separating the entities.
                    In December 2025, Origin announced a suite of transactions that paved the way for the formal separation of Kraken from Octopus Energy.
                    US$1 billion has been raised from a pool of new investors and existing shareholders in Kraken’s first standalone equity raise, which provided
                    a look through valuation of Kraken stand-alone at US$8.65 billion. This compares to the previous valuation in March 2024 of US$9 billion
                    for both Octopus Energy and Kraken combined.

                    Kraken also announced that they had signed a major licensing agreement with Saudi Energy, adding over 10 million customer accounts
                    and taking the total contracted accounts to 95 million. Saudi Energy also participated in the Kraken raising and has set up a joint venture
                    with Kraken to open up licensing opportunities across the Middle East and North Africa.

                    These transactions have enabled separation and have put Octopus Energy and Kraken in a strong position to unlock their next phase of
                    growth with greater focus and financial strength.

                    4 .2 . 3 PAY AWARD ED FOR F Y2 6
                    Executive pay determinations for FY26 include cash FR paid through the year, STI awards for the performance year ended 30 June 2026,
                    and FY26 LTI grants made in September and October 2025 (performance period three years commenced 1 July 2025) as summarised in
                    the table below.

                    The STI awards refer to the outcomes in sections 4.2.1 and 4.2.2 above. The STI outcomes have been reduced by the DSI Part A
                    adjustment (as identified in the Letter from the Chair of the Committee) and this reduction has been applied wholly to the cash element of
                    the STI award (rather than split into cash and deferred elements).

                    The LTI face value allocations have been determined to be granted at the standard allocation level (section 3.2).

                                                                                      STI outcome                                                                       FY26-28
                                                                                                                                                                 STI
                                                                                          after DSI       STI award           FY26 FY26-28                                LTI face
                                                                        FY26 FR                                                                 STI % of   forfeited
                        Executive KMP                                                        Part A            total       Cash STI Deferred                                value
                                                                          $’000                                                                maximum          % of
                                                                                      Adjustment,            $’000           $'000 STI $’000                           allocation
                                                                                                                                                           maximum
                                                                                           % of tgt                                                                        $’000
                        F Calabria                                           2,187             125.4%            2,742        1,262    1,480       75.1%      24.9%         2,624
                        A Lucas                                              1,080             125.9%            1,359         626       734      75.4%       24.6%           864
                        J Briskin                                            1,080             114.0%             1,231        561       669      68.2%        31.8%          864
                        G Jarvis(1)                                          1,080             108.6%             1,172       1,172       0       65.0%       35.0%           864
                        A Thornton                                           1,065             115.9%            1,234         564       670      69.4%       30.6%            852

                    (1) For G. Jarvis, per policy for retirement the FY26 STI is delivered wholly in cash (no deferral).




    76
                    Remuneration Report




                    4 Company performance and remuneration outcomes (continued)
                    The Deferred STI and LTI allocations are at risk and subject to forfeiture (for example, on resignation), and the vesting outcome for the LTI
                    allocation will not be known until the end of FY28.

                    The Board has determined that the FY27 LTI allocations (performance period commencing 1 July 2026) will be allocated at the standard
                    allocation level, expected to be granted in September and October 2026.

                    4 .2 . 4 LONG TERM I NC ENT IV E O UT C O M ES
                    One LTI grant, the FY24-26 Deferred Cash award, was tested for vesting in FY26. This award was granted in August 2023 during the
                    operation of a Scheme Implementation Deed (SID) that prevented the granting of equity incentives. Accordingly it was granted in the form
                    of deferred cash. Further, it was not possible to use a market-based hurdle (normally an RTSR condition) as the SID envisaged that Origin
                    would have been de-listed following the transaction on which it was premised. Accordingly, the LTI was awarded at the target (risked) level
                    and wholly subject to the Underpin Framework.

                    As detailed in the table in section 4.2.5 (and as disclosed in the FY24 Remuneration Report) the FY24-26 grant for J Briskin was at an
                    elevated level. Sixty per cent of the grant (representing the standard allocation level after the risk discount referred to above) was subject




For personal use only
                    to the normal holistic review of performance, and the balance of the grant was referenced to the value of the Octopus investment over the
                    three-year lookback.

                    In considering the vesting outcomes through the Underpin framework at the end of FY26, the initial determination was for full vesting as
                    no deficiency in performance expectations triggered consideration of reduced vesting. After year-end, a Data Security Incident occurred,
                    as identified in the Letter prefacing this Report. In response to the occurrence of this event the Board determined that two remuneration
                    adjustments were appropriate for FY26 incentive outcomes, the first (DSI Adjustment Part A) has been applied to STI outcomes as set out
                    in section 4.2.3. The second adjustment (DSI Adjustment Part B) has been applied as a 7.5 per cent reduction to the vesting outcome for
                    the holistic review of performance (i.e. to all of the 30 June 2026 vest except for the separate Octopus review).

                    Although no PRs were tested at 30 June 2026, the TSR over the three years to that date was 60.2 per cent (CAGR 17.0 per cent)
                    which ranked it 13th against S&P/ASX50 at P75, the fourth consecutive year of top quartile RTSR performance, reflecting the strength of
                    long-term performance aligned to shareholder experience.

                    4 .2 . 5 REA LIS ED RE M UN ERAT IO N IN FY 2 6
                    The table below is a non-Australian Accounting Standards Board (non-AASB) summary showing remuneration that was received during
                    FY26. It includes amounts that crystallised in FY26 (i.e. have been vested and released from all holding locks) from deferred awards made
                    in prior years. This presentation differs from the AASB statutory remuneration presented in Table 7-2(a), which is based on accounting
                    values of equity awards regardless of actual outcomes. The non-AASB summary provides shareholders with additional perspective.

                    The value of awards that were granted as long as five years prior (for example, the FY21-26 LTI below) may change significantly from
                    their original allocation value through share price movements (up or down) which is captured in the last column of the table. The
                    strong appreciation (for example, the share price at the time of grant of the FY21-26 LTI tranche had more than doubled by the time
                    of crystallisation), reflecting the alignment of executive reward with shareholder experience. It is also a driver of the strong executive
                    investment in the Company, as shown in Table 7-2(b).

                                                    Received in relation to         Crystallised in FY26 from awards allocated in
                                                       FY26 awards(1)                                prior years(2)
                                                                                                                              FY24-26 LTI                                 Post-allocation
                        ($’000)                          FY26            FY26               FY24                             after DSI Part Total Received                  appreciation
                        Executive KMP                  FR cash        STI cash       Deferred STI       FY21-26 LTI          B Adjustment and Crystallised               (depreciation)(3)
                        F Calabria                         2,187           1,262                 630             2,197                  1,701                  7,977                    3,691
                        A Lucas                           1,080              626                 386               587                    523                 3,202                    1,059
                        J Briskin(4)                      1,080              561                 339               720                    955                  3,655                    1,315
                        G Jarvis(5)                       1,080             1,172                367               736                   560                   3,915                    1,279
                        A Thornton                         1,065             564                 279               224                    534                 2,666                      498

                    (1) FR is cash salary and superannuation received during FY26. FY26 STI cash represents the cash element of the FY26 STI award to be paid in September 2026. This
                        incorporates the DSI Part A adjustment which has been fully applied against the cash component as detailed in section 4.2.3
                    (2) Allocation represents the face value allocation of the original award or, for LTI, the proportion of the LTI award that has vested and been released.
                    (3) Post-allocation appreciation (depreciation) represents the value of the share price movement plus the amount of dividend equivalents (on vested LTI awards) since the
                        remuneration was allocated. The share price movement uses the five-day VWAP at the release date. This is in addition to the value of Total Received and Crystallised
                        remuneration. Note that allocations are at full face value (i.e. not at fair value, nor discounted for dividends foregone).
                    (4) Sixty per cent of J Briskin’s FY24-26 Deferred Cash LTI Award was underpinned to the standard Underpin Framework, to which the DSI Part B adjustment is applicable.
                        The balance of the award (40 per cent) was underpinned to performance of the Octopus investment.
                    (5) For G. Jarvis, per policy for retirement, the FY26 STI is delivered wholly in cash (no deferral).




                                                                                                                                                                                                77
                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report




                    4 Company performance and remuneration outcomes (continued)
                    4 .2 . 6 C LIMATE-RE LA TE D M E A SU R E S R EC O G N I SE D I N F Y 2 6 R E M U N E R A T I O N


                    Origin’s ambition is to lead the energy transition through cleaner energy and customer solutions. This is reflected in our strategic priorities.
                    Accordingly, climate-related considerations are linked to both the STI and LTI elements of Origin’s executive remuneration.

                    The remuneration recognised in the FY26 period comprises statutory remuneration arising from cash, and from cash-settled and equity-
                    settled share-based remuneration (SBR), as reported in table 7.2(a).

                    Short Term Incentive

                    Climate-related metrics sit within the Strategic Priorities category of our executives’ STI scorecards. These Strategic Priorities change each
                    year to reflect annual priorities and imperatives for each executive, and vary across business units.

                    Remuneration recognised in FY26 includes cash STI awarded for FY26, and deferred STI from FY24, FY25, and FY26 awards. Across
                    those three years the average scorecard weighting that was linked to climate-related considerations was 17.0 per cent, contributing on




For personal use only
                    average 11.9 per cent of executives’ STI outcomes.

                    Long Term Incentive

                    Our LTI Plan is focused on the long-term sustainable growth of the business. Generally, half of each annual award is subject to a
                    market-based financial hurdle (RTSR), and the other half is subject to the Underpin Framework (section 3.2). Remuneration recognised in
                    FY26 arises from six separate LTI awards that were granted between FY21 to FY26 inclusive.

                    The Underpin vesting assessment does not operate as a scorecard build-up where each line item contributes specific financial outcomes,
                    rather it is a holistic assessment across our stakeholder pillars of Planet, Customers, Communities, and People. Planet measures are all
                    climate-related. While there is no formulaic attribution to individual measures, as a category Planet represents over a quarter of the Key
                    Stakeholder Measures1 referenced in lookback assessments. These are taken into account when assessing vesting outcomes.

                    For LTI, climate-related considerations represented 14.4 per cent of the remuneration recognised in FY26.




                    1
                        The FY26 version of these measures are tabled on page 202 of this Annual Report.
    78
                    Remuneration Report




                    5 Governance
                    5. 1 T HE ROLE O F TH E RE MU N ER A T I O N, P E O P L E A ND C U L T U R E C O M M I T T E E

                    The RPCC supports the Board by overseeing Origin’s remuneration policies and practices. It operates under a charter published on the
                    Company’s website at originenergy.com.au. The RPCC formally met five times during the reporting period.

                    The RPCC has five members, including its Chair, all of whom are independent NEDs (section 1). The RPCC’s charter requires a minimum
                    of three NEDs. In addition, all Board members are invited to attend the RPCC’s meetings. Management may attend RPCC meetings by
                    invitation, but a member of management will not be present when their own remuneration is under discussion.

                    The following diagram sets out the RPCC’s role and its operational relationships with the Board, management, stakeholders and
                    external advisors.




                                                       R EM UN ERATIO N, PEO P L E
                        MA N AGEM E N T                                                                                            B O A RD




For personal use only
                                                       A ND C ULTU RE C O MM I T T EE ( RP C C)



                        Management provides            The RPCC makes recommendations to the Board on the matters subject to       The Board approves:
                        administrative, data, and      its approval. The RPCC approves remuneration and equity arrangements
                                                                                                                                   •   executive
                        information support as         for employees other than CEO/ELT.
                                                                                                                                       remuneration
                        required by the RPCC,
                                                                                                                                       policy and framework;
                        including legal, tax and       The RPCC stewards and advises the Board and management on:
                        accounting matters                                                                                         •   remuneration for
                                                       •   people strategies and culture development;
                        related to remuneration,                                                                                       the CEO and ELT;
                        and provides information       •   and corporate governance and risk matters relating to people and
                        relating to performance and                                                                                •   STI and LTI targets,
                                                           remuneration (including conduct, diversity and pay equity).
                        conduct reviews of people                                                                                      hurdles and
                        across the organisation.                                                                                       outcomes;
                                                       INTE R-C O M MITTE E C O N SULTAT I O N
                                                                                                                                   •   NED fees; and
                                                       The RPCC exchanges information with other Board committees,
                                                       notably the Audit and Risk Committee and the Safety and Sustainability      •   CEO and ELT
                                                       Committee, to ensure that all relevant matters are considered prior             succession
                                                       to making remuneration decisions.                                               and appointments.

                                                       EXTE RNA L STAKE HO L DER S
                                                       The RPCC maintains a regular dialogue with shareholders
                                                       and proxy advisors.

                                                       INDEPEN DENT R EMU NER AT I O N A DV I SO RS
                                                       The RPCC appoints an external independent advisor (FY26: Guerdon
                                                       Associates) to provide information and advice on market practice,
                                                       benchmarking and remuneration governance issues.



                    5. 2 RE MUNER ATIO N ADV I S O R S

                    The RPCC engages external advisors from time to time to conduct benchmarking, advise on regulatory and market developments, and
                    review proposals and reports. Protocols have been established for engaging and dealing with external advisors, including those defined as
                    remuneration consultants for the purposes of the Act. These protocols are to ensure independence and avoid conflicts of interest.

                    The protocols require that remuneration advisors be directly engaged by the RPCC and act on instruction from its Chair. Reports must be
                    delivered directly to the RPCC Chair. The advisor is prohibited from communicating with Company management, except as authorised by
                    the Chair. Even then, this communication is limited to providing or validating factual and policy data. The advisor must furnish a statement
                    confirming the absence of any undue influence from management.

                    The RPCC generally seeks information rather than specific remuneration recommendations within the definition of the Act, as was the
                    case during FY26. Guerdon Associates was appointed for this period, and no remuneration recommendations as defined under the Act
                    were provided.

                    In addition, the RPCC uses general market trend information from various commercial and industry sources, and has access to in-house
                    remuneration professionals who provide guidance and analysis on request.

                    The RPCC’s recommendations to the Board are based on its own independent assessment of the advice and information received from
                    these multiple sources, using its experience and careful consideration of the principles and objectives of the remuneration framework, the
                    Company’s performance, shareholder and community expectations, and good governance.




                                                                                                                                                                   79
                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report




                    5 Governance (continued)
                    5. 3 R EMUNE RATION GO V ER N A NC E A N D O V E R S I G HT

                    The Board’s oversight of executive performance and remuneration outcomes is rigorous. Its processes to oversee short and long-term
                    performance and remuneration include the governance practices set out below. They are designed to ensure that remuneration outcomes
                    are fair to executives and stakeholders, protect against unwarranted outcomes, and are consistent and principled in approach.

                    5. 3. 1 IN-PERIOD RE V I E W
                    Throughout the STI performance year and LTI vesting periods, the Board monitors management performance against financial and
                    non-financial targets, including factors affecting the original assumptions underlying the setting of targets at the beginning of the relevant
                    performance periods.

                    The Board applies a set of principles and practices under which it considers whether any variation is required and appropriate for
                    the variation of targets or outcomes to reflect the intended purpose and/or actual results and achievements. Aside from customary
                    accounting adjustments, other matters that may influence the Board to exercise its discretion include events materially outside the course




For personal use only
                    of business and the control of current management.

                    5. 3. 2 ANNUAL EXEC UT I V E P ER F O R M A NC E R E V I E W ( E P R )
                    Short-term performance

                    Each year the Board conducts an Executive Performance Review (EPR) for the CEO and each member of the ELT. The EPR is a holistic
                    review of achievement against objectives and annual operating plans (the ‘what’), together with consideration of conduct and leadership
                    by which the results have been achieved (the ‘how’).

                    EPR feedback is received in the form of governance reports from the Chairs of the Audit and Risk and the Safety and Sustainability
                    Committees, the Internal Auditor, the General Counsel and EGM of Risk, HSE & Governance, and the EGM People & Culture. Matters
                    considered from these reports and from business unit Health, Safety, Security and Environment (HSSE) dashboards include:
                    •   Risk, audit, regulatory, compliance, reputation, employee relations matters, workplace health and safety outcomes, including
                        psychosocial risks;
                    •   Observance of Origin values and leadership behaviours and Code of Conduct; and
                    •   Any matters arising from prior reviews that had been identified for follow-up.

                    Taking all the EPR items into account, where appropriate the Board may adjust the calculated STI outcomes through the exercise
                    of discretion.

                    Long-term performance

                    The second review practice relates to (a) LTI vesting outcomes for awards granted three years prior, and (b) a pre-allocation assessment for
                    awards to be granted for the three-year performance period just commenced, as described in section 3.2.

                    Part (a) covers a review of independent RTSR testing for Performance Rights, and for Restricted Rights it includes a three-year lookback
                    using the Underpin Framework to identify any material deficiency in performance. In the presence of any deficiency (individually or
                    collectively) the Board may reduce or cancel the RR vesting, absent deficiency the RRs will vest in full.

                    Part (b) comprises the Board considering whether the individual’s overall current performance provides a basis for a forward LTI allocation
                    that varies from the standard allocation level described in section 3.2.

                    5. 3. 3 MALUS AND C LAW BA C K
                    After final results have been notified, issues may emerge where the Board deems that those results are no longer appropriate, or that the
                    results would give rise to an executive receiving an inappropriate benefit. Where such issues emerge before payment has been made, or
                    before rights have vested or shares have been released from trading locks, the Board may reduce or cancel the award, the vesting level
                    or the release level under the Company’s malus provisions. The deferral period for equity (two years for STI and three to five years for LTI)
                    means that the exercise of malus is available for significant periods of time.

                    Where benefits have been paid, vested or released, the Company’s clawback provisions give the Board further powers to recover cash
                    proceeds from the sale of shares and to recover cash awards. This enables recovery of inappropriately received benefits in circumstances
                    such as fraud, dishonesty, gross misconduct, negligence, breach of duties or other serious matters. These powers may be limited by
                    statute or regulation.

                    5. 3. 4 C HANGE OF CO NT RO L A N D C A P IT A L R E O R G A N I S A T I O N
                    If a change of control event occurs, the Board may determine that all or a specified number of unvested or restricted deferred incentives
                    will vest or cease to be subject to restrictions.

                    On a capital reorganisation, the Board may determine the manner of adjustment of the number of unvested Share Rights held by
                    participants to minimise or eliminate any material advantage or disadvantage to the participant. If new awards are granted, they will, unless
                    the Board determines otherwise, be subject to the same terms and conditions as the original awards.




    80
                    Remuneration Report




                    6 Non-executive Director fees
                    6.1 REMUNERATIO N PO L I C Y A ND S T R U C T U R E F O R N O N - E X E C U T I V E D I R E C T O R S

                    NED remuneration comprises fixed fees with no incentive-based payments. This ensures NEDs can independently and objectively assess
                    both executive and Company performance.

                    Board and committee fees consider market rates for similar positions at relevant Australian organisations (of comparable size and
                    complexity) and fairly reflect the time commitments and responsibilities involved.

                    The Origin Chair receives a single fee that includes committee activities, while other NEDs receive a Base NED Fee (BNF) and separate
                    fees for their roles on specific committees (other than the Nomination Committee, which is considered within the BNF). Per diem or
                    special exertion fees may also be paid on occasions when approved special work is undertaken beyond the reasonable scope of normal
                    duties and expected commitments (for example, on due diligence and acquisition committees). No special exertion fees were paid during
                    FY26. All fees include superannuation contributions.

                    At the October 2025 AGM shareholders approved an increase in the annual aggregate fee pool cap for NEDs’ remuneration from
                    $3.2 million to $3.6 million. The increase is to provide capacity for a future increase in the number of Directors, to provide for a degree of




For personal use only
                    overlap during Board renewal and transition, and to allow for future fee adjustments in line with market conditions. Fees for FY26 totalled
                    $2.8 million.

                    The fee levels applicable for FY26 and for FY27 are tabled below:

                        NED fees ($'000)                                                                 FY26 and
                                                                                                            FY27
                        Board                                                        Chair fee(1)            700
                                                                                     Non-Chair NED fee        210
                        Audit and Risk Committee                                     Chair fee                 60
                                                                                     Member fee                30
                        Remuneration, People and Culture Committee                   Chair fee                 50
                                                                                     Member fee                25
                        Safety and Sustainability Committee                          Chair fee                 50
                                                                                     Member fee                25
                        Nomination Committee                                         All                       Nil

                    (1) The Board Chair fee is inclusive (separate committee fees do not apply).


                    6.2 MINIMUM SHA RE H OL D I N G R E Q U I R E M E N T FO R N O N - E X E C U T I V E D I R E C T O R S

                    To align the interests of the Board with those of shareholders, NEDs are required to build and maintain a substantive shareholding in the
                    Company (the MSR).

                    NEDs may purchase shares directly or through the NED Share Plan (NEDSP), last approved by shareholders in October 2025 and covering
                    the period through to October 2028. The NEDSP is a fee-sacrifice plan that allows NEDs to acquire Share Rights (rights to acquire fully
                    paid ordinary shares in the Company), subject to the terms of the grant. The NEDSP is intended to facilitate the acquisition of shares by
                    new Directors to meet their MSR obligation, while recognising that opportunities for direct purchases by Directors may be limited. Share
                    Rights held by NEDs under the NEDSP will count towards the satisfaction of NED MSR obligations because they are funded through
                    the participating Director’s fee sacrifice. The shares allocated on vesting of the Share Rights are generally bought on market and are not
                    subject to performance conditions or service requirements that could result in potential forfeiture, in line with best-practice governance
                    standards. There were no NEDSP participants in FY26.

                    The MSR for NEDs is expressed as the minimum number of ordinary shares that must be accumulated and held by or beneficially by the
                    NED. The number of shares is notionally derived from the value of a share parcel equivalent to a multiple of the BNF, specifically two times
                    BNF for the Chair and one times BNF for other NEDs. As the share price and fee levels change over time, for simplicity and clarity, the
                    MSR is administered on the basis of a specific number of shares, which is reviewed annually, taking into account fee changes and the
                    share price trajectory. The MSR in FY26 (and for FY27) is 46,000 shares (Chair) and 23,000 shares (other NEDs). The MSR is expected to
                    be met within three years of appointment to the Board (or, for the Chair, election to that position).

                    Table 7-2 (d) shows NED shareholdings and MSR positions at the end of FY26.




                                                                                                                                                                     81
                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    7 Statutory tables and other disclosures
                    In these tables and notes, references to ‘Performance Rights (PRs)’ and ‘Restricted Rights (RRs)’ were previously referred to as
                    ‘Performance Share Rights (PSRs)’ and ‘Restricted Share Rights (RSRs)’, respectively.

                    The following table sets out the main terms of service agreements for Executive KMP at 30 June 2026.

                    Table 7-1 Executive service agreements

                        Key terms                                            Details
                        Basis of contract                                    Ongoing
                        Notice period                                        •   12 months by either party for CEO; six months for Other Executive KMP
                                                                             •   Shorter notice may apply by agreement
                                                                             •   No notice in defined circumstances(1)

                        Termination benefits                                 No contractual termination benefits other than statutory entitlements and those approved by




For personal use only
                                                                             shareholder resolution on 16 October 2024, including cessation treatments for STI and LTI as set
                                                                             out herein (sections 3.1 and 3.2, respectively).
                        Remuneration                                         Remuneration is reviewed annually or as required to maintain alignment with policy
                                                                             and benchmarks.

                    (1) These circumstances include but are not limited to serious, persistent or wilful misconduct, breach of contract, or conduct likely to seriously harm the
                        Company’s reputation.




    82
                    Remuneration Report




                    7 Statutory tables and other disclosures (continued)
                    Table 7-2 (a) Executive KMP statutory remuneration ($’000)

                                                                         Short term                                            Long term                                      Totals
                                                                                                 Cash-                            Cash-    Equity-                                       Share
                                                         Base                                   settled          Leave           settled   settled    Accounting At risk                 based
                                                        salary         Super(1)     Other(2)    awards(3)       accrual(4)       awards(5) awards(6)remuneration    (%)                    (%)
                        Executive Director
                        F Calabria          2026          2,157               30         31        1,262             106                624       3,610              7,820         70         46
                                            2025         2,088                30         47        1,306             100             1,274        2,789              7,634         70         37
                        Other Executive KMP
                        J Briskin           2026         1,050                30         12          561             (10)             390          1,421             3,454         69          41
                                            2025          1,016               30         17          634              32                704        1,126             3,559         69         32




For personal use only
                        G Jarvis            2026         1,050                30        24          1,172             64                205       2,071               4,616         75        45
                                            2025          1,016               30        33           703             (35)               569       1,204              3,520         70         34
                        A Lucas             2026         1,050                30         16          626             (19)               197       1,463              3,363         68         44
                                            2025          1,016               30        23           655               13               412        1,134             3,283          67        35
                        A Thornton(7)       2026         1,035                30        56           564                2               196       1,325              3,208          65         41
                                            2025           988                30        119          548              66                559         990              3,300         64         30
                        Executive total
                                            2026         6,342              150        139         4,185             143            1,612        9,890              22,461         70         44
                                            2025         6,124              150        239        3,846              176            3,518         7,243             21,296         69         34

                    (1) Superannuation post-employment benefit.
                    (2) Non-monetary benefits (including insurance premiums, parking, travel, etc).
                    (3) Short-term cash-settled awards include cash STI, which represents half of the STI award. STI cash is paid after the end of the financial year to which it relates but is
                        allocated to the earning year. The balance of the STI award is Deferred STI (included in Equity settled).
                    (4) Movement in leave provision over the reporting period. Negative movement indicates that leave taken during the year exceeded leave accrued during that year.
                    (5) Long-term cash-settled awards include deferred cash arrangements where the deferral period is greater than one year, including the August 2023 LTI awards that were
                        offered on the basis of cash-settlement due to restrictions under a Scheme Implementation Deed that was operating at the time.
                    (6) Equity-settled refers to Restricted Shares, PRs and RRs granted for Deferred STI or LTI. The value reported represents that portion of the accounting value of equity
                        granted or to be granted for the current and prior periods that is attributable to the reporting period. Where vesting of the equity is conditional on a non-market
                        hurdle (applicable to the LTI RR tranche) for each reporting period the accumulated expense is adjusted for the number of instruments expected to be released or
                        vested. A bring-forward of future-period accounting expense will apply in circumstances where a ‘good leaver’ cessation occurs before the normal vesting date (such a
                        bring-forward has been applied in the case of G Jarvis). See note G.3 of the financial statements for details on share-based remuneration accounting.
                    (7) FY25 cash-settled award for A Thornton includes the last and final attribution for the FY23 deferred cash retention arrangement (as previously disclosed).


                    Table 7-2 (b) Executive KMP shareholding position relative to MSR policy

                    The table below shows Executive KMP shareholdings and value (expressed as multiple of FR, based on the closing share price and FR as at
                    30 June 2026). Each Executive KMP was compliant with the MSR policy as set out in section 2.3.

                                                                           MSR requirement                         Shares held at             Value of shares held at                    MSR
                                                                                   (shares)                        30 June 2026               30 June 2026 ($'000)             multiple (xFR)
                        Executive KMP
                        F Calabria                                                     600,000                              1,854,862                            20,366                      9.3
                        J Briskin                                                       178,000                              579,826                               6,366                     5.9
                        G Jarvis                                                        178,000                              362,376                               3,979                     3.7
                        A Lucas                                                         178,000                              317,966                               3,491                     3.2
                        A Thornton                                                      178,000                              377,014                               4,140                     3.9




                                                                                                                                                                                                    83
                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report




                    7 Statutory tables and other disclosures (continued)
                    Table 7-2 (c) NED statutory remuneration ($’000)

                                                                                               Short term                              Post employment
                                                                                     Board and                                           Superannuation                          Total
                                                                                                                       Other(2)
                                                                                 committee fees(1)                                         contributions                  remuneration
                        Current NEDs
                        I Atlas                     2026                                        232                          2                            28                           262
                                                    2025                                        223                         0                             26                           249
                        D Campbell(3)               2026                                        254                          2                            29                           285
                                                    2025                                         194                        0                             22                           216
                        F Hick(4)                   2026                                         194                         2                            23                           219
                                                    2025                                          —                         —                             —                              —




For personal use only
                        G Lalicker                  2026                                         210                         7                            25                           242
                                                    2025                                        205                          9                            24                           238
                        M McCormack                 2026                                        235                          2                            28                           265
                                                    2025                                        225                         0                             26                           251
                        S Mikkelsen(4)              2026                                         178                         2                            21                           201
                                                    2025                                          —                         —                             —                              —
                        S Perkins                   2026                                        700                        23                              0                           723
                                                    2025                                        684                        20                              6                           710
                        N Scheinkestel              2026                                        270                          2                             0                           272
                                                    2025                                        264                         0                              0                          264
                        J Withers                   2026                                        237                          9                            28                           274
                                                    2025                                        228                          8                            27                           263
                        Former NEDs
                        M Brenner                   2026                                          78                         1                             9                            88
                                                    2025                                        254                         0                            30                           284
                        S Sargent(3)                2026                                          —                         —                             —                              —
                                                    2025                                          75                        0                              9                            84
                        NED total                   2026                                      2,588                        52                            191                         2,831
                                                    2025                                      2,352                        37                           170                         2,559

                    (1) Fees are inclusive of any ad hoc special exertion/per diem fees.
                    (2) Non-monetary benefits (such as insurance premiums, non-resident tax lodgement fees, and parking).
                    (3) Part-year FY25 tenure for D Campbell (appointed 2 September 2024) and S Sargent (retired 16 October 2024).
                    (4) Part-year FY26 tenure for F Hick and S Mikkelsen (appointed 18 August 2025).


                    Table 7-2 (d) Details of, and movements in, ordinary shares of the Company NEDs
                    The table below shows the movement in NED shareholdings during the reporting period, together with the MSR level applicable and the
                    value of each shareholding at 30 June 2026 (expressed as a multiple of BNF, based on the closing share price on that date). D Campbell, F
                    Hick, and S Mikkelsen were in their accumulation phase, and all other NEDs were compliant with the MSR policy, as set out in section 6.2.

                                                               Shares held                                                        Shares held                 MSR          Value of
                                                                   at start(1)         Acquired(2)           Disposed(3)             at end(1)(4)          (shares) holding (xBNF)(5)
                        Current NEDs
                        I Atlas                                     50,000                       0                     0               50,000               23,000                     2.6
                        D Campbell                                     7,467                     0                     0                 7,467              23,000                     0.4
                        F Hick                                             0                     0                     0                     0              23,000                     0.0
                        G Lalicker                                 100,000                       0                     0             100,000                23,000                     5.2
                        M McCormack                                100,000                       0                     0             100,000                23,000                     5.2
                        S Mikkelsen                                        0               10,000                      0               10,000               23,000                     0.5
                        S Perkins                                   80,000                       0                     0              80,000                46,000                     4.2
                        N Scheinkestel                               33,365                 9,446                      0                42,811              23,000                     2.2
                        J Withers                                    29,980                      0                     0               29,980               23,000                      1.6
                        Former NEDs
                        M Brenner                                    28,367                      0                     0               28,367               23,000                      1.5

                    (1) The number of instruments held at the start/end of the reporting period. For F Hick and S Mikkelsen the start is the appointment date of 18 August 2025.
                    (2) Purchases of shares on market or pursuant to the NEDSP, the Company’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan, or the August 2015 Entitlement Offer; and non-market transfers in.
                    (3) Sales and non-market transfers out.
                    (4) No other equity instruments, including shares in the Company, were granted to NEDs during the period.
                    (5) The value of the holding at 30 June 2026 (based on the closing share price on 30 June 2026) expressed as a multiple of the BNF.

    84
                    Remuneration Report




                    7 Statutory tables and other disclosures (continued)
                    Table 7-3 Details of equity grants made during the reporting period

                    Equity incentive and employee share plan grants made to KMP during the reporting period are listed below. The grants are at nil cost to
                    the recipient; there is no exercise price and exercise is automatic at vest.

                                                                                                                                   Grant
                                                                                                                                     date
                                                                                                                Number         fair value           Grant                                    Release/
                                                             Type                                               granted               ($)(1)         date             Vest date            Expiry date(2)
                        Executive Director
                        F Calabria(3)                        Performance Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                     123,457             8.55      15-Oct-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Restricted Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                      123,457            12.34      15-Oct-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Restricted Shares (FY25 Def-STI)                    122,850              12.91     1-Sept-25           24-Aug-26,              24-Aug-26,
                                                                                                                                                                     23-Aug-27               23-Aug-27




For personal use only
                        Other Executive KMP
                        J Briskin                            Performance Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                     40,645              8.86      1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Restricted Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                      40,644              12.91     1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Restricted Shares (FY26 GESP)                              77            9.72     20-Jun-25             22-Aug-25               22-Aug-25
                                                             Restricted Shares (FY25 Def-STI)                      59,672             12.91     1-Sept-25           24-Aug-26,              24-Aug-26,
                                                                                                                                                                     23-Aug-27               23-Aug-27
                        G Jarvis                             Performance Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                     40,645              8.86      1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Restricted Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                      40,644              12.91     1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Matching Rights (FY25 MSP Q4)                             109            9.08      17-Jun-24(4)          17-Aug-26              17-Aug-26
                                                             Matching Rights (FY26 MSP Q1-Q3)                         306             9.72     20-Jun-25(4)           18-Aug-27              18-Aug’27
                                                             Restricted Shares (FY25 Def-STI)                      66,108             12.91     1-Sept-25           24-Aug-26,              24-Aug-26,
                                                                                                                                                                     23-Aug-27               23-Aug-27
                        A Lucas                              Performance Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                     40,645              8.86      1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Restricted Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                      40,644              12.91     1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Matching Rights (FY26 MSP Q1-Q3)                         306             9.72     20-Jun-25(4)           18-Aug-27              18-Aug-27
                                                             Restricted Shares (FY25 Def-STI)                       61,581            12.91     1-Sept-25           24-Aug-26,              24-Aug-26,
                                                                                                                                                                     23-Aug-27               23-Aug-27
                        A Thornton                           Performance Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                     40,080              8.86      1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Restricted Rights (FY26-28 LTI)                      40,080              12.91     1-Sept-25            21-Aug-28         Aug ’28,’29,’30
                                                             Matching Rights (FY25 MSP Q4)                             109            9.08      17-Jun-24(4)          17-Aug-26              17-Aug-26
                                                             Matching Rights (FY26 MSP Q1-Q3)                         306             9.72     20-Jun-25(4)           18-Aug-27              18-Aug-27
                                                             Restricted Shares (FY25 Def-STI)                      51,600             12.91     1-Sept-25           24-Aug-26,              24-Aug-26,
                                                                                                                                                                     23-Aug-27               23-Aug-27

                    (1) Accounting expense value per instrument at the grant date.
                    (2) Vest date and Release/Expiry date notes:
                        (a) For Share Rights (PRs, RRs and MRs), the vest date is when the rights convert to shares or Restricted Shares (to the extent that the relevant vesting conditions are
                        satisfied). Where there is no trading lock restriction, the expiry date is the same as the vest date; otherwise, it is the date on which the trading restrictions are lifted. Share
                        Rights that fail to meet a service condition lapse effective on the date of cessation.
                        (b) PRs and RRs that fail to meet the relevant performance conditions lapse effective on the test date, which may be before the vest date.
                        (c) For Deferred STI Restricted Shares, the vest and release dates are the same; cessation (other than in ‘good leaver’ circumstances) prior to that date results in forfeiture
                        effective at the date of cessation.
                        (d) Trading lock restrictions may vary according to MSR compliance, as set out in sections 3.1 and 3.2.
                        (e) For GESP Restricted Shares, the release date is 22 August 2028 or the date of cessation, whichever occurs first.
                    (3) F Calabria was granted 123,457 Performance Rights and 123,457 Restricted Rights as approved at the 2025 Annual General Meeting under ASX Listing Rule 10.14.
                    (4) Matching Rights are listed for all MSP allocations that occurred during FY26. As the grant date for all quarterly allocations is considered to be the date on which the
                        annual offer closed, the grant date can be up to 14 months prior to an allocation. The number of shares cannot be determined until the allocation process has been
                        completed, as shares are allocated at prices related to the share price during the executive’s quarterly salary sacrifices to acquire the shares (which determines the
                        corresponding number of matched rights). The FY25 MSP Q4 was allocated on 21 August 2025, and FY26 MSP Q1, Q2 and Q3 allocations were on 16 October 25,
                        17 February 2026, and 30 April 2026 respectively, and it is these four quarterly allocations that are represented in the table.




                                                                                                                                                                                                              85
                                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    7 Statutory tables and other disclosures (continued)
                    Table 7-4 Details of, and movements in, equity rights and ordinary shares of the Company Executive KMP

                    The following table summarises holdings and movements of rights and ordinary shares held (directly, indirectly or beneficially, including by
                    closely related parties) over the reporting period (or KMP portion of the period), including grants, transactions and forfeits, by value and by
                    number. See Table 7-5 for further details of the terms and conditions of these rights.

                        Type                                                            Granted/acquired(2)                    Vested and Exercised(3)
                                                            Held at start(1)                                                                                        Disposed         Held at end(1),(4)
                                                                                         Number           Value ($)               Number         Value (5)($)
                        Executive Director
                        F Calabria
                        Performance Rights                        462,496                  123,457        1,055,557                198,980        2,594,699                    0          386,973
                        Restricted Rights                          607,679                 123,457        1,523,459                206,127        2,687,896                    0         525,009
                        Shares(6)                                1,770,901                 594,861        1,585,994                        —                —         510,900           1,854,862




For personal use only
                        Other Executive KMP
                        J Briskin
                        Performance Rights                          151,548                40,645            360,115                65,002           847,626                   0            127,191
                        Restricted Rights                          199,226                 40,644            524,714                 67,479          879,926                   0           172,391
                        Shares(6)                                  562,375                  217,451           771,114                      —                —        200,000              579,826
                        G Jarvis
                        Performance Rights                         152,509                 40,645            360,115                 65,748          857,354                   0          127,406
                        Restricted Rights                          201,565                 40,644            524,714                 68,747          896,461                   0          173,462
                        Matching Rights                                 849                     415            3,964                    496             6,334                  0               768

                        Shares(6)                                  335,395                235,086           853,454                        —                —                             362,376
                                                                                                                                                                       208,105
                        A Lucas
                        Performance Rights                         146,226                 40,645            360,115                 61,067          796,314                   0          125,804
                        Restricted Rights                          182,087                 40,644            524,714                  57,718         752,643                   0           165,013
                        Matching Rights                                 496                    306             2,974                    496             6,334                  0               306
                        Shares(6)                                  266,938                203,560            795,011                       —                —          152,532             317,966
                        A Thornton
                        Performance Rights                         145,844                 40,080           355,109                  61,883         806,954                    0           124,041
                        Restricted Rights                          145,599                 40,080            517,433                 35,124          458,017                   0          150,555
                        Matching Rights                                 849                     415            3,964                    496             6,334                  0               768
                        Shares(6)                                  280,167                 166,847          666,156                        —                —          70,000             377,014

                    (1) The number of instruments that were held at the start/end of the reporting period.
                    (2) Rights to equity and shares in the Company granted to Executive KMP during the reporting period under the Equity Incentive Plan, as listed in Table 7-3. These were
                        provided at no cost to the recipients. For Share Rights, the value represents the grant date value. For shares that relate to the GESP, the value is the five-day VWAP at
                        the date of allocation. ‘Granted’ refers to equity awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan, and ‘Acquired’ refers to equity arising from participation in universal employee
                        share plans or purchased directly by the executive, and through participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP).
                    (3) All rights listed in this table are automatically exercised upon vesting, with nil exercise price.
                    (4) No other equity instruments, including shares in the Company, were granted to KMP during the period.
                    (5) The value of rights exercised is calculated as the number of instruments multiplied by the closing market price of the Company’s shares on the date of vest and
                        automatic exercise.
                    (6) Shares include purchases and transfers in. These include shares received upon the vesting and exercise of Share Rights, shares acquired through participation in the
                        DRP, allotments of fully paid ordinary shares acquired by the executive under the MSP, allotments of Restricted Shares acquired under the GESP, and Restricted Shares
                        granted as deferred STI. The value shown represents only the value of the Restricted Shares granted as deferred STI and, where relevant, granted under the GESP (as
                        set out in Table 7-3, the number granted multiplied by the grant date fair value). No value is attributed to the other categories, as they represent shares arising from the
                        exercise of Share Rights or shares that have been acquired by the executive (for example, under the MSP or DRP).




    86
                    Remuneration Report




                    7 Statutory tables and other disclosures (continued)
                    Table 7-5 Summary of Share Rights outstanding

                    The following table lists all Share Rights outstanding at 30 June 2026 that have been granted to current or former employees (including
                    Executive Directors and Executive KMP) under equity-based incentive plans. Equity-based incentives are not granted to NEDs. No terms
                    of equity-settled share-based transactions have been altered or modified subsequent to the grant. Share Rights that failed to meet their
                    performance hurdles on test dates on or before 30 June 2026, lapsed effective on that test date. Details of awards granted in prior years,
                    including applicable service and performance conditions, are summarised in prior remuneration reports corresponding to the reporting
                    period in which the awards were granted.

                                                                                                                                                         Number                            Earliest
                        Granted                          Tranche                                         Number outstanding                          held by KMP                         vest date(1)
                        Performance Rights
                        28-Feb-24                        FY24–26 LTI CEO & general                                         460,139                          166,845                      15-Feb-27
                        2-Sep-24                         FY25–27 LTI general                                               792,074                         248,860                      23-Aug-27




For personal use only
                        16-Oct-24                        FY25–27 LTI CEO                                                   190,238                          190,238                     23-Aug-27
                        01-Sep-25                        FY26–28 LTI general                                                541,015                         162,015                      21-Aug-28
                        15-Oct-25                        FY26–28 LTI CEO                                                    123,457                         123,457                      21-Aug-28
                        Restricted Rights
                        06-Sep-21                        FY21–26 LTI general                                                335,123                           81,414                    24-Aug-26
                        20-Oct-21                        FY21–26 LTI CEO                                                     78,663                          78,663                     24-Aug-26
                        05-Sep-22                        FY22–26 LTI general                                               330,203                           84,568                     24-Aug-26
                        05-Sep-22                        FY22–27 LTI general                                               330,203                           84,568                     23-Aug-27
                        19-Oct-22                        FY22–26 LTI CEO                                                     66,326                          66,326                     24-Aug-26
                        19-Oct-22                        FY22–27 LTI CEO                                                     66,326                          66,326                     23-Aug-27
                        02-Sep-24                        FY24–27 LTI general                                               792,040                         248,859                      23-Aug-27
                        16-Oct-24                        FY24–27 LTI CEO                                                   190,237                          190,237                     23-Aug-27
                        01-Sep-25                        FY25–28 LTI general                                               540,988                          162,012                      21-Aug-28
                        15-Oct-25                        FY25–28 LTI CEO                                                    123,457                         123,457                      21-Aug-28
                        Matching Rights
                        21-Oct-24                        FY25 MSP Q1                                                       126,868                               228                     17-Aug-26
                        17-Feb-25                        FY25 MSP Q2                                                        125,435                              224                     17-Aug-26
                        29-Apr-25                        FY25 MSP Q3                                                        140,123                              254                     17-Aug-26
                        21-Aug-25                        FY25 MSP Q4                                                        121,602                              218                     17-Aug-26
                        16-Oct-25                        FY26 MSP Q1                                                        141,270                              282                     18-Aug-27
                        17-Feb-26                        FY26 MSP Q2                                                       146,398                               291                     18-Aug-27
                        30-Apr-26                        FY26 MSP Q3                                                        170,678                              345                     18-Aug-27

                    (1) The vest date for PRs and RRs granted since 2018 does not include the trading restriction of approximately one to two years that applies to the shares allocated on
                        vesting. Where no expiry is given, automatic exercise applies at vesting. To the extent that rights fail to meet the relevant performance conditions, they will lapse effective
                        on the test date, which may be on or before the vest date.


                    L OANS TO KEY MANAGE ME N T P E R S O N N E L
                    No loans have been made, guaranteed or secured, directly or indirectly, by Origin or any of its subsidiaries, at any time throughout the
                    year, in relation to any KMP including to a KMP-related party.


                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                        Scott Perkins                         Frank Calabria
                        Chair                                 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

                        Sydney, 13 August 2026                Sydney, 13 August 2026




                                                                                                                                                                                                          87
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration

                                                                     Ernst & Young                        Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                     200 George Street                    Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                     Sydney NSW 2000 Australia            ey.com/au
                                                                     GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors of Origin Energy
                        Limited
                        As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Origin Energy Limited and for the review of the
                        selective sustainability information in the sustainability report for the financial year ended 30 June




For personal use only
                        2026, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                        a. No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                           relation to the audit and review;

                        b. No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit and
                           review; and

                        c.   No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                             relation to the audit and review.

                        This declaration is in respect of Origin Energy Limited and the entities it controlled during the financial
                        year.




                        Ernst & Young




                        Ryan Fisk
                        Partner
                        Sydney
                        13 August 2026




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




    88
                    Financial Statements




                    Financial Statements
                    30 JU NE 2026




                    Primary statements                            C Operating assets                             G Other information
                    Income statement
                                                                    and liabilities                              G.1   Contingent liabilities

                    Statement of comprehensive income                                                            G.2   Commitments
                                                                  C.1   Trade and other receivables
                    Statement of financial position                                                              G.3   Share-based payments
                                                                  C.2   Property, plant and equipment
                    Statement of changes in equity                                                               G.4   Related party disclosures
                                                                  C.3   Intangible assets
                    Statement of cash flows                                                                      G.5   Key management personnel
                                                                  C.4   Provisions
                                                                                                                 G.6   Notes to the statement of cash flows
                                                                  C.5   Other financial assets and liabilities
                                                                                                                 G.7   Auditors’ remuneration
                    Notes to the                                                                                 G.8   Master netting or similar agreements
                    financial statements                          D Capital, funding and                         G.9   Deed of Cross Guarantee




For personal use only
                    Overview
                                                                    risk management                              G.10 Parent entity disclosures

                                                                  D.1   Capital management                       G.11 Government grants and assistance

                                                                                                                 G.12 Subsequent events
                    A Results for the year                        D.2   Interest-bearing liabilities

                                                                  D.3   Contributed equity
                    A.1   Segments

                                                                                                                 Consolidated entity
                                                                  D.4   Reserves
                    A.2   Revenue
                                                                  D.5   Financial risk management
                    A.3   Other income
                                                                  D.6   Fair value of financial assets           disclosure statement
                    A.4   Expenses
                                                                        and liabilities
                    A.5   Results of equity accounted investees

                    A.6   Earnings per share
                                                                                                                 Directors’ Declaration
                    A.7   Dividends                               E Taxation
                                                                  E.1   Income tax expense

                                                                  E.2   Deferred tax                             Independent
                    B Investment in
                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                      equity accounted
                                                                  F Group structure
                      joint ventures                              F.1   Controlled entities

                      and associates                              F.2   Changes in controlled entities
                    B.1   Interests in equity accounted joint     F.3   Business combinations
                          ventures and associates
                                                                  F.4   Joint arrangements and investments
                    B.2   Investment in APLNG                           in associates
                    B.3   Investment in Octopus Energy

                    B.4   Investment in Kraken Technologies

                    B.5   Transactions between the Group and
                          equity accounted investees




                                                                                                                                                              89
                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    Income statement
                    FO R T HE YEAR EN DED 3 0 J U NE

                                                                                                                          2026           2025
                                                                                                                Note         $m            $m

                        Revenue                                                                                  A.2      15,569        17,224
                        Other income                                                                             A.3         233            45
                        Expenses                                                                                 A.4     (14,889)      (16,293)
                        Results of equity accounted investees                                                    A.5         912           750
                        Interest income                                                                          A.3          29            45
                        Interest expense                                                                         A.4        (189)          (175)
                        Profit before income tax                                                                           1,665         1,596




For personal use only
                        Income tax expense                                                                       E.1         (91)          (116)
                        Profit for the year                                                                                1,574         1,480
                        Profit for the year attributable to:
                        Members of the parent entity                                                                       1,574          1,481
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                               -            (1)
                        Profit for the year                                                                                1,574         1,480


                        Earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                 A.6   91.5 cents   86.2 cents
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                               A.6   91.2 cents   85.9 cents


                    The income statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




    90
                    Primary statements




                    Statement of comprehensive income
                    FO R T HE YEAR EN DED 3 0 J U NE

                                                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                                                                       $m        $m

                        Profit for the year                                                                                           1,574    1,480


                        Other comprehensive income


                        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax
                        Investment valuation changes                                                                                     (1)     (10)


                        Items that can be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax




For personal use only
                        Foreign currency translation reserve:
                        Translation of foreign operations                                                                             (354)      167
                        Share of equity accounted investees translation of foreign operations                                            6         -
                        Cash flow hedges:
                        Reclassified to income statement                                                                               (121)    (251)
                        Effective portion of change in fair value                                                                       40       74
                        Share of equity accounted investees cash flow hedge movements                                                    9         -
                        Total other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                  (421)     (20)
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                       1,153    1,460


                        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
                        Members of the parent entity                                                                                  1,153    1,461
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                         -       (1)
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                       1,153    1,460


                    The statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                        91
                                                                                                                                              Annual Report




                    Statement of financial position
                    A S AT 30 JUNE

                                                                                                                                     2026          2025
                                                                                                                Note                   $m            $m
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     307             161
                        Trade and other receivables                                                              C.1                 2,601         3,220
                        Inventories                                                                                                   268            193
                        Derivatives                                                                              D.5                  502            661
                        Other financial assets                                                                   C.5                  697            854
                        Income tax receivable                                                                                            5            78
                        Other assets                                                                                                    83            83




For personal use only
                        Total current assets                                                                                        4,463         5,250
                        Non-current assets
                        Trade and other receivables                                                              C.1                    26             41
                        Derivatives                                                                              D.5                  297            583
                        Other financial assets                                                                   C.5                   371           446
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                        A.5                 6,703         6,957
                        Property, plant and equipment (PP&E)                                                     C.2                 6,290         5,097
                        Intangible assets                                                                        C.3                 2,587         2,549
                        Other assets                                                                                                   42             66
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                    16,316        15,739
                        Total assets                                                                                                20,779       20,989
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                     2,414         3,057
                        Payables to joint ventures                                                                                     131           137
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                             D.2                   121            76
                        Derivatives                                                                              D.5                   775           589
                        Other financial liabilities                                                              C.5                   314           354
                        Employee benefits                                                                                              318           312
                        Provisions                                                                               C.4                    26            39
                        Total current liabilities                                                                                   4,099         4,564
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                        27            28
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                             D.2                 4,865         4,766
                        Derivatives                                                                              D.5                  632            547
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 E.2                    15           180
                        Employee benefits                                                                                              42             43
                        Provisions                                                                               C.4                  965            942
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                               6,546         6,506
                        Total liabilities                                                                                           10,645        11,070
                        Net assets                                                                                                  10,134         9,919
                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                       D.3                 6,856         6,841
                        Reserves                                                                                                     3,635         4,379
                        Retained earnings                                                                                             (356)       (1,300)
                        Total parent entity interest                                                                                10,135        9,920
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                       (1)            (1)
                        Total equity                                                                                                10,134         9,919


                    The statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




    92
                    Primary statements




                    Statement of changes in equity
                    FO R T HE YEAR EN DED 3 0 J U NE

                                                                         Share-   Foreign                                 Accum-
                                                         Contr-          based   currency                     Fair         ulated                Non-
                                                         ibuted        payments translation   Hedge          value        profits     Retained controlling    Total
                        $m                               equity         reserve   reserve     reserve       reserve       reserve     earnings interests     equity

                        Balance as at 1 July 2025           6,841           238      1,142        132                 1     2,866       (1,300)        (1)     9,919
                        Profit                                     -           -         -              -             -          -        1,574         -      1,574
                        Other comprehensive income                 -           -      (354)        (81)           (1)            -            -         -       (436)
                        Other comprehensive income
                        of equity accounted investees              -           -         6           9                -          -            -         -         15
                        Total comprehensive income




For personal use only
                        for the year                               -           -      (348)       (72)            (1)            -       1,574          -      1,153
                        Share of other changes
                        in equity of equity
                        accounted investees                        -           -         -              -             -          -          88          -         88
                        Dividends provided for or paid             -           -         -              -             -     (1,034)           -         -     (1,034)
                        Transfers to accumulated
                        profits reserve                            -           -         -              -             -        718        (718)         -             -
                        Movement in contributed
                        equity (refer to note D.3)                15           -         -              -             -          -            -         -         15
                        Share-based payments                       -          (7)        -              -             -          -            -         -         (7)
                        Total transactions with owners
                        recorded directly in equity               15          (7)        -              -             -      (316)        (718)         -     (1,026)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026          6,856           231       794          60                 -     2,550         (356)        (1)    10,134


                        Balance as at 1 July 2024           6,861           257       975         309             11        2,906       (1,830)         -      9,489
                        Profit                                     -           -         -              -             -          -        1,481        (1)     1,480
                        Other comprehensive income                 -           -       167        (177)          (10)            -            -         -        (20)
                        Total comprehensive income
                        for the year                               -           -       167        (177)         (10)             -       1,481         (1)     1,460
                        Dividends provided for or paid             -           -         -              -             -       (991)           -         -       (991)
                        Transfers to accumulated
                        profits reserve                            -           -         -              -             -       951         (951)         -             -
                        Movement in contributed
                        equity (refer to note D.3)            (20)             -         -              -             -          -            -         -        (20)
                        Share-based payments                       -         (19)        -              -             -          -            -         -        (19)
                        Total transactions with owners
                        recorded directly in equity           (20)           (19)        -              -             -       (40)        (951)         -     (1,030)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2025          6,841           238      1,142        132                 1     2,866       (1,300)        (1)     9,919


                    The statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                          93
                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report




                    Statement of cash flows
                    FO R T HE YEAR EN DED 3 0 J U NE

                                                                                                                                                     2026           2025
                                                                                                                                             Note      $m             $m

                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                                                      18,061        18,919
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                                         (15,986)       (17,761)
                        Government grants received                                                                                           G.11         -            34
                        Cash from operations                                                                                                         2,075          1,192
                        Income tax paid, net of refunds received                                                                                       (158)         (767)
                        Net cash from operating activities                                                                                   G.6      1,917           425




For personal use only
                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Acquisition of PP&E                                                                                                           (902)         (1,401)
                        Acquisition of other assets                                                                                                     (67)          (72)
                        Acquisition of Octopus Energy                                                                                                     -             (9)
                        Acquisition of other investments                                                                                                (68)         (217)
                        Government grants received                                                                                           G.11        12              6
                        Interest received from other parties                                                                                             16            26
                        Net proceeds from sale of PP&E and other investments                                                                            35               -
                        Receipt of dividends from Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG)                                                                         911           797
                        Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                          (63)          (870)


                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                      1,965         2,535
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                      (2,375)        (1,176)
                        Joint venture operator cash call movements                                                                                     106             (14)
                        Interest and transaction costs related to borrowings paid(1),(2),(3)                                                          (239)          (215)
                        Repayment of lease principal                                                                                                    (85)          (76)
                        Dividends paid to shareholders of Origin Energy Ltd, net of Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)                                   (971)         (991)
                        Purchase of shares on-market (treasury shares)                                                                       D.3      (109)           (82)
                        Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                       (1,708)            (19)


                        Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                           146           (464)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                          161           625
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                               307            161

                    (1) Includes $30 million (2025: $21 million) of interest payments on leases.
                    (2) Includes $8 million (2025: $9 million) of transaction costs related to borrowings.
                    (3) Includes $71 million (2025: $59 million) of interest payments that were capitalised to PP&E and intangible assets.


                    The statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




    94
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    Notes to the financial statements


                    Overview
                    Origin Energy Limited (the Company)             the following new presentation and               of the economic benefit from use of the
                    is a for-profit company domiciled in            disclosure requirements:                         battery and the arrangement should be
                    Australia. The address of the Company’s         •   three new categories for classification      accounted for as a lease.
                    registered office is Level 32, Tower 1,             of all income and expenses in the            In accordance with this new guidance from
                    100 Barangaroo Avenue, Barangaroo NSW               statement of profit or loss, namely          IFRIC, the Group updated its accounting
                    2000. The nature of the operations and              operating, investing and financing.          for battery offtake agreements previously
                    principal activities of the Company and its         Entities are also required to present        recognised as derivatives. The Group
                    controlled entities (the Group or Origin) are       subtotals for ‘operating profit or loss’,    derecognised the opening balance net
                    described in note A.1 Segments.                     ‘profit or loss before financing and         derivative asset of $7 million in the income
                    On 13 August 2026, the Directors resolved           income taxes’ and ‘profit or loss’;          statement for the year ended 30 June
                    to authorise the issue of these consolidated    •   disclosure of management-defined             2026 which has also been disclosed in
                    general purpose financial statements for            performance measures; and                    note D.6 Fair value of financial assets
                    the year ended 30 June 2026.                    •   enhanced guidance on how to group            and liabilities.
                                                                        information in the financial statements.




For personal use only
                    B A SI S O F P REPAR AT I ON                                                                     At 30 June 2026, a right-of-use asset
                                                                    The Group’s detailed impact assessment of        (ROU) and corresponding lease liability has
                    The financial statements have                   the new standard is ongoing.                     been recognised for battery arrangements
                    been prepared:                                                                                   where the batteries were available for
                    •   in accordance with the requirements         US E OF J UD GE ME N TS                          use. Refer to note C.2 Property, plant
                        of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth),         AN D E S TI M AT E S                             and equipment, and note D.2 Interest-
                        Australian Accounting Standards and                                                          bearing liabilities.
                        other authoritative pronouncements of       Preparing the financial statements in
                                                                    conformity with Australian Accounting            For arrangements where the batteries were
                        the Australian Accounting Standards                                                          not yet available for use, the undiscounted
                        Board (AASB), and International             Standards requires management to make
                                                                    judgements and apply estimates and               sum of future lease payments relating to
                        Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as                                                      the battery offtake arrangements has been
                        issued by the International Accounting      assumptions that affect the reported
                                                                    amounts of assets, liabilities, income and       disclosed in note G.2 Commitments.
                        Standards Board;
                                                                    expenses. The estimates and associated
                    •   on a historical cost basis, except for      assumptions, which are based on                  D E M E R G E R OF
                        derivatives and other financial assets      historical experience and various other          O CT O PU S E NE R GY A ND
                        and liabilities and assets held for sale,   factors believed to be reasonable under          K RA K E N TE C HN O L OG I E S
                        which are measured at fair value; and       the circumstances, form the basis of             On 17 June 2026, Octopus
                    •   on a going concern basis.                   judgements about carrying values of assets       Energy completed the demerger of
                                                                    and liabilities that are not readily apparent    Kraken Technologies.
                    The financial statements:
                                                                    from other sources. Actual results may
                    •   are presented in Australian dollars;        differ from these estimates. Throughout          The completion of the demerger resulted in
                    •   are rounded to the nearest million          the notes to the financial statements,           Origin receiving a direct equity interest in
                        dollars, unless otherwise stated,           further information is provided about key        Kraken Technologies by way of a non-cash
                        in accordance with Australian               management judgements and estimates              distribution from Octopus Energy, while
                        Securities and Investments Commission       that are considered material to the              retaining its equity accounted interest in
                        (ASIC) Corporations (Rounding               financial statements.                            Octopus Energy.
                        in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
                                                                                                                     Origin recognised a net gain in the income
                        Instrument 2026/183;                        I FRI C AGE ND A D E C IS I O N –
                                                                                                                     statement for its share of Octopus Energy’s
                    •   do not early adopt any Accounting
                                                                    ECO N OM IC B E N E F I TS FR OM
                                                                                                                     fair value gain on the portion of Kraken
                        Standards and Interpretations that have     US E O F A B AT TE RY U ND E R
                                                                                                                     Technologies retained by Octopus Energy,
                        been issued or amended but are not yet      AN O FFT AK E AR RA NG E M E NT                  after eliminating the gain relating to the
                        effective; and                              (I F RS 1 6 )                                    Kraken Technologies shares distributed
                    •   present reclassified comparative            Accounting for battery offtake                   to Origin.
                        information where required for              arrangements is a relatively new area.           At 30 June 2026, Origin’s investment
                        consistency with the current                Historically the Group has accounted for         balance in Kraken Technologies reflected a
                        year’s presentation.                        battery offtake arrangements as derivatives      proportionate allocation of the acquisition-
                                                                    by applying the International Financial          date fair value adjustments and goodwill
                    NEW STAND ARDS NO T                             Reporting Interpretations Committee              previously recognised in Octopus Energy,
                    Y ET AD OPTED                                   (IFRIC) agenda decision in December              based on relative fair values at separation.
                                                                    2021, Economic benefits from use of a
                    Several new standards and amendments to
                                                                    Windfarm (IFRS 16 Leases).                       As at 30 June 2026, the Group held a
                    standards are effective for annual periods
                                                                                                                     direct economic interest of 22.7 per cent
                    beginning after 1 July 2026, which have         In March 2026, IFRIC finalised its agenda        in Octopus Energy and 18.2 per cent in
                    not been applied in preparing the Group’s       decision that battery offtake arrangements       Kraken Technologies.
                    financial statements. None of these are         should be accounted for as leases under
                    expected to have a significant effect           IFRS 16 Leases. IFRIC concluded that             Refer to note B.3 Investment in
                    on the Group with the exception of              under these arrangements, the economic           Octopus Energy; note B.4 Investment
                    AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in          benefit to the retailer is the use of storage,   in Kraken Technologies; and note B.5
                    Financial Statements.                           in contrast to the windfarm decision, where      Transactions between the Group and
                                                                    the economic benefit was considered to           equity accounted investees.
                    AASB 18 is effective for the Group for
                                                                    be the electricity produced. On this basis,
                    the reporting period beginning 1 July                                                            Subsequent to 30 June 2026, additional
                                                                    IFRIC concluded that the electricity retailer
                    2027. It replaces AASB 101 Presentation                                                          transactions were completed that
                                                                    has the right to obtain substantially all
                    of Financial Statements and introduces                                                           increased Origin’s direct economic interest
                                                                                                                                                                    95
                                                                      Annual Report




                    in Kraken Technologies to 19.6 per cent.
                    Refer to note G.12 Subsequent events.

                    CH ANGE IN ACCOUN T I N G
                    ES TI MATE S – ERAR I NG P O WE R
                    ST ATION EXTENSI ON OF
                    USEFUL LIFE TO AP RI L 2 02 9
                    In January 2026, the Group announced
                    that it had advised the Australian Energy
                    Market Operator (AEMO) that it will extend
                    the operation of all four units of the Eraring
                    Power Station (Eraring) from 19 August
                    2027 to 30 April 2029, to support energy
                    supply in New South Wales (NSW) through




For personal use only
                    the energy transition.

                    A change in estimate of the useful
                    life of Eraring due to the later closure
                    date has been reflected from January
                    2026, with a resulting deceleration of
                    depreciation. Refer to note C.2 Property,
                    plant and equipment.

                    Similarly, the timing of restoration activities
                    and associated cashflows for the Eraring
                    site remediation work has been adjusted to
                    align with the updated closure date. Refer
                    to note C.4 Provisions.

                    In February 2026, the Group advised
                    the NSW Government that it will not
                    trigger the Generator Engagement Project
                    Agreement (GEPA) for the financial year
                    ending 30 June 2027. No compensation
                    will be payable under the GEPA.

                    CLI MA TE-RE LATED
                    D I SCL OSURES
                    With the introduction of the Australian
                    Sustainability Reporting Standards for
                    reporting periods commencing on or after
                    1 January 2025, climate-related financial
                    disclosures are now presented in the
                    Sustainability Report, which forms part of
                    the Group’s Annual Report and has been
                    prepared in accordance with AASB S2
                    Climate-related Disclosures.




    96
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    A Results for the year
                    This section highlights the performance of      Items excluded from the calculation of
                    the Group for the year, including results by    underlying profit are reported to the
                    operating segment, income and expenses,         Managing Director as not representing the
                    results of equity accounted investees,          underlying performance of the business
                    earnings per share and dividends.               and are thus excluded from underlying
                                                                    profit or underlying EBITDA. These items
                    A .1 SEGME NTS                                  are determined after consideration of the
                                                                    nature of the item, the significance of the
                    The Group’s operating segments are              amount and the consistency in treatment
                    presented on a basis that is consistent         from year to year.
                    with the information provided internally to
                    the Managing Director, who is the chief         The nature of items excluded from
                    operating decision maker. This reflects the     underlying profit and underlying
                    way the Group’s businesses are managed,         EBITDA are:
                                                                    •   changes in the fair value of financial




For personal use only
                    rather than the legal structure of the Group.
                                                                        instruments not in accounting hedge
                    The reporting segments are organised                relationships, to remove the significant
                    according to the nature of the activities           volatility caused by timing mismatches
                    undertaken and are detailed below.                  in valuing financial instruments and
                    •   Energy Markets: Energy retailing                the related underlying transactions. The
                        and wholesaling, power generation               valuation changes are subsequently
                        and liquefied petroleum gas                     recognised in underlying earnings when
                        (LPG) operations.                               the underlying transactions are settled;
                    •   Share of Octopus Energy and Kraken          •   realised and unrealised foreign
                        Technologies: Origin’s investment               exchange gains/losses on debt held
                        in Octopus Energy and Kraken                    to hedge USD-denominated investment
                        Technologies, including the gain                in APLNG;
                        recognised on the demerger of Kraken        •   significant redundancies and other
                        Technologies and the gain on waiver of          significant costs in relation to
                        the Kraken platform exclusivity in the          business restructuring, transformation or
                        current period. Refer to notes B.3, B.4         integration activities;
                        and B.5.
                                                                    •   gains/losses on the sale or acquisition of
                    •   Integrated Gas: Origin’s investment             an asset/entity;
                        in Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG),
                        impacts of its liquefied natural gas        •   transaction costs incurred in relation to
                        (LNG) trading positions and costs               the sale or acquisition of an asset/entity;
                        incurred in managing Origin’s exposure      •   impairment and reversal of impairment
                        to LNG pricing risks. It also includes          of assets;
                        overhead costs (net of recoveries           •   significant onerous contracts;
                        from APLNG), exploration interests and
                                                                    •   deferred tax liability recognition/
                        costs associated with growth initiatives.
                                                                        utilisation relating to the investment
                        The segment also included hydrogen
                                                                        in APLNG;
                        development opportunities, which the
                        Group exited during the prior year. For     •   large-scale generation certificates
                        greater transparency, the investment in         (LGCs) net shortfall charge/refund; and
                        APLNG is presented separately from the      •   other significant non-recurring items.
                        residual component of the segment.
                    •   Corporate: Various business
                        development and support activities
                        that are not allocated to operating
                        segments, including corporate treasury
                        and tax items.

                    Underlying profit and underlying earnings
                    before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                    amortisation (EBITDA) are non-statutory
                    (non-IFRS) measures. The objective of
                    measuring and reporting underlying profit
                    and underlying EBITDA is to provide
                    a more meaningful and consistent
                    representation of financial performance by
                    removing items that distort performance or
                    are non-recurring in nature.




                                                                                                                      97
                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                    A .1 SEGME NTS (CON T I N UED )


                    Segment result for the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                                   Integrated Gas
                                                                                    Share of
                                                                                    Octopus
                                                                                   Energy and
                                                               Energy                Kraken                 Share of
                                                               Markets            Technologies              APLNG                   Other               Corporate           Consolidated
                        $m                                  2026       2025       2026        2025       2026       2025       2026        2025       2026       2025       2026        2025

                        External revenue                   15,262      16,745           -           -          -          -       307        479            -          -    15,569     17,224




For personal use only
                        EBITDA(1)                           1,573       1,427        656        (88)     1,478       1,875      (202)        212         (63)      (184)    3,442      3,242
                        Depreciation
                        and amortisation                      (557)      (454)          -           -          -          -       (22)        (21)          -         (3)     (579)      (478)
                        Share of ITDA of equity
                        accounted investees                      (1)        (1)     (218)        (81)      (821)      (959)          2          3           -          -    (1,038)    (1,038)
                        EBIT                                 1,015        972        438       (169)       657         916      (222)        194         (63)      (187)     1,825      1,726
                        Interest income                                                                                                                   29         45         29          45
                        Interest expense(2)                                                                                                             (189)      (175)      (189)       (175)
                        Income tax expense(3)                                                                                                            (91)       (116)       (91)      (116)
                        Non-controlling
                        interests (NCI)                           -          1                                                                                                    -           1
                        Statutory profit/(loss)
                        attributable to members of
                        the parent entity                    1,015        973        438       (169)       657         916      (222)        194       (314)      (433)      1,574      1,481


                        Reconciliation of statutory
                        profit/(loss) to segment
                        result and underlying
                        profit/(loss)
                        Fair value and foreign
                        exchange movements                    (197)      (105)         (4)          -          -          -      (331)        (99)       40           (5)     (492)      (209)
                        Disposals, impairments,
                        business restructuring
                        and other                               69        128        668            -          -          -        (13)       (16)       (10)       (72)       714         40
                        Tax and NCI items excluded
                        from underlying profit                                                                                                           193        160        193        160
                        Total significant items               (128)        23        664            -          -          -     (344)        (115)      223          83        415          (9)
                        Segment underlying profit/
                        (loss)(4)                            1,143       950        (226)      (169)       657         916        122        309       (537)       (516)     1,159      1,490
                        Underlying EBITDA(4),(5),(6)         1,701     1,404           (8)      (88)     1,478       1,875        142        327         (93)      (107)    3,220       3,411

                    (1) Included within Share of Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies is $484 million (2025: nil) relating to the gain on demerger of Kraken Technologies and $190 million
                        (2025: nil) relating to the gain on waiver of Kraken platform exclusivity. Refer to note B.5.
                    (2) Interest expense is allocated to the Corporate segment.
                    (3) Income tax expense for entities in the Origin tax consolidated group is allocated to the Corporate segment.
                    (4) Underlying profit and underlying EBITDA are non-statutory (non-IFRS) measures.
                    (5) Underlying EBITDA equals segment result and underlying profit/(loss) adjusted for: depreciation and amortisation; share of ITDA of equity accounted investees; interest
                        income/(expense); income tax expense; NCI and income tax significant item (2026: $193 million; 2025: $160 million).
                    (6) Included within Integrated Gas – Other Underlying EBITDA is $140 million (2025: $441 million) relating to LNG trading gains.




    98
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    A .1 SEGME NTS (CON T I N UED )
                    Segment result for the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                                                       2026                    2025
                        $m                                                                                 Note                   Gross      Tax and NCI    Gross    Tax and NCI

                        Fair value and foreign exchange movements
                        Decrease in fair value of derivatives                                                                       (462)            139     (199)           60
                        Net loss from financial instruments measured at fair value                                                   (73)            22         -              -
                        Exchange gain/(loss) on foreign-denominated debt                                                              43             (13)     (10)            3
                        Total fair value and foreign exchange movements                                                            (492)            148     (209)            63


                        Impairments, business restructuring and other
                        Impairment – Generation development projects                                        C.2                       (57)            17        -              -




For personal use only
                        Impairment – Hunter Valley Hydrogen Hub (HVHH)                                      C.2                          -             -      (18)            5
                        Impairment – Debt instruments                                                       C.5                      (62)             19        -              -
                        Impairment – Other investments                                                                                   -             -      (12)            4
                        Impairments                                                                                                 (119)            36       (30)            9


                        Restructuring costs                                                                                           (15)            4       (77)           23
                        Transaction costs                                                                                             (17)             2      (23)            3
                        Transaction costs – share of Octopus Energy(1)                                                                 (6)             -        -              -
                        Transformation costs                                                                                             -             -       (8)            3
                        Business restructuring                                                                                       (38)             6      (108)           29


                        LGC net shortfall refund                                                                                     148               -      163              -
                        Deferred tax liability utilisation – APLNG                                                                       -           29         -             61
                        Onerous contracts provision                                                         C.4                       49             (15)       7             (2)
                        Gain on waiver of Kraken platform exclusivity                                       B.5                      190             (57)       -              -
                        Gain on demerger of Kraken Technologies                                             B.5                      484               -        -              -
                        Utilisation of prior year capital losses                                                                         -            14        -              -
                        Net capital gain amendment(2)                                                                                    -           32         -              -
                        Return of amounts relating to Carisbrook Solar Farm                                                              -             -        8              -
                        Other                                                                                                        871               3      178            59
                        Total impairments, business restructuring and other                                                          714             45       40             97


                        Total significant items                                                                                      222            193      (169)          160

                    (1) As the Group equity accounts for its share of Octopus Energy's net profit after tax, this amount is disclosed net of tax.
                    (2) Relates to the finalisation of a private binding ruling issued by the Australian Taxation Office in December 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                                    99
                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report




                    A .1 SEGME NTS (CON T I N UED )
                    Segment assets and liabilities as at 30 June

                                                                                                          Integrated Gas
                                                                                 Share of
                                                                                 Octopus
                                                                                Energy and
                                                              Energy              Kraken             Share
                                                              Markets          Technologies        of APLNG           Other             Corporate         Consolidated
                        $m                                 2026      2025      2026    2025       2026     2025    2026     2025      2026      2025       2026     2025
                        Assets
                        Segment assets                     13,176    13,250      186          -       -        -     213       324       189       155    13,764    13,729
                        Investments accounted for
                        using the equity method




For personal use only
                        (refer to note A.5)                    16        19    1,483    1,217     5,288    5,807     (84)      (86)        -         -     6,703     6,957
                        Cash, funding-related
                        derivatives and tax assets                                                                                       312      303        312      303
                        Total assets                       13,192    13,269    1,669   1,217      5,288    5,807    129       238       501       458     20,779 20,989


                        Liabilities
                        Segment liabilities                (4,352)   (5,144)       -          -       -        -   (540)      (243)     (750)     (661)   (5,642)   (6,048)
                        Financial liabilities, interest-
                        bearing liabilities, funding-
                        related derivatives and
                        tax liabilities                                                                                               (5,003)   (5,022) (5,003)     (5,022)
                        Total liabilities                  (4,352)   (5,144)       -          -       -        -   (540)      (243)   (5,753) (5,683) (10,645) (11,070)
                        Net assets                         8,840      8,125    1,669   1,217      5,288    5,807    (411)       (5) (5,252) (5,225)       10,134     9,919
                        Additions of non-
                        current assets                      1,066     1,640        -          9       -        -       3        16         4         2     1,073     1,667




  100
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    A .2 REVENUE

                                                                                                                        Energy
                        2026                                                 Business and                          Services and     Integrated
                        $m                                        Retail       Wholesale                 LPG           Internet            Gas               Total

                        Sale of electricity                        5,851              3,272                    -           334                 -            9,457
                        Sale of gas                                1,478              1,418               683              170             307              4,056
                        Pool revenue                                    -             1,664                    -              -                -             1,664
                        Solar and batteries                             -                 -                    -            27                 -                27
                        Internet                                        -                 -                    -           224                 -              224
                        Other revenue                                 92                 12                    -            37                 -               141
                        Total revenue                              7,421             6,366                683              792             307             15,569


                        2025




For personal use only
                        $m


                        Sale of electricity                        5,514             3,437                     -           301                 -            9,252
                        Sale of gas                                1,440              1,820               637               171             479             4,547
                        Pool revenue                                    -            3,100                     -              -                -            3,100
                        Solar and batteries                             -                 -                    -            65                 -               65
                        Internet                                        -                 -                    -            154                -               154
                        Other revenue                                 62                  6                    -            38                 -              106
                        Total revenue                              7,016             8,363                637              729             479             17,224


                    The Group’s primary revenue streams relate to the sale of electricity and natural gas to retail (residential and small to medium enterprises);
                    business and wholesale customers; the sale of generated electricity into the National Electricity Market (NEM); and the sale of physical
                    LNG cargoes that form part of an LNG trading portfolio.



                          K EY JUDG EMEN TS AN D ES TI M A TE S
                          The Group recognises revenue from electricity and gas sales once the energy has been consumed by the customer. When
                          determining revenue for the financial period, management estimates the volume of energy supplied since a customer’s last bill.
                          The estimation of unbilled consumption is based on various assumptions including:
                          •    volume and timing of energy consumed by customers;
                          •    allocation of estimated electricity and gas volumes to various pricing plans;
                          •    discounts linked to customer payment patterns; and
                          •    loss factors.

                          Management also uses unbilled consumption volumes to accrue network expenses incurred by the Group for unread customer
                          electricity and gas meters.

                          The calculation of unbilled revenue requires significant judgement in estimating the level of energy consumption by customers
                          during the unbilled period to 30 June 2026. The Group uses a backcasting model and volume-matching process to provide a
                          reliable estimate of unbilled revenue as at 30 June 2026.



                    RE T AIL CONTRAC TS
                    Retail electricity is generally marketed through standard service offers that provide customers with discounts compared to published
                    reference prices. Contract duration can vary with some contracts providing a discount on published rates for a limited term, while
                    other contracts have no fixed duration. Contracts generally require no minimum consumption and can be terminated by the customer
                    at any time. The supply of energy is considered a single performance obligation for which revenue is recognised upon delivery to
                    customers at the offered rate. Where customers are eligible to receive additional behavioural discounts, Origin considers this to be
                    variable consideration.

                    B US I NESS AND WHOL ES AL E C O N T R A C T S
                    Contracts with business and wholesale customers are generally medium to long-term, higher-volume arrangements with fixed or index-
                    linked energy rates that have been commercially negotiated. The nature and accounting treatment of this revenue stream is largely
                    consistent with retail sales. Some business and wholesale sales arrangements also include the transfer of renewable energy certificates
                    (RECs), which represent an additional performance obligation. Revenue is recognised for these contracts when Origin has the ‘right to
                    invoice’ the customer for consideration that corresponds directly with the value of units of energy delivered to the customer. Pool revenue
                    relates to sales by Origin generation assets into the NEM. Origin has assessed that it is acting as the principal in relation to transactions
                    with the NEM and therefore recognises pool sales on a gross basis. Revenue from these sales is recognised at the spot price achieved
                    when control of the electricity passes to the grid.
                                                                                                                                                                     101
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    A .2 REVENUE (CON T I N UED )

                    ENER GY SERVICES AN D I NT ER N ET
                    Energy Services revenue primarily relates to sales of solar, batteries and Community Energy Services. Solar and batteries revenue includes
                    the sale, installation, repair and maintenance of solar photovoltaic systems, and battery solutions, to residential and business customers.
                    Revenue is recognised at the point in time that the system is installed, or the service provided is complete. Community Energy Services
                    supplies electricity and gas within embedded network sites. Similar to retail contracts, the supply of energy is considered a single
                    performance obligation for which revenue is recognised upon delivery to the customers at the offered rate. Internet revenue primarily
                    relates to the provision of internet products and services to residential and business customers. The provision of internet services is
                    considered a single performance obligation for which revenue is recognised upon delivery to customers at the offered rate.

                    LP G AND INTEGRAT ED G A S
                    Revenue from the sale of LPG (Energy Markets segment) and LNG (Integrated Gas segment) is recognised at the point in time that the
                    customer takes physical possession of the commodity. Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to
                    be received.




For personal use only
                    A .3 O THE R INCO M E

                                                                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                                                                         $m                 $m

                        Gain on waiver of Kraken platform exclusivity(1)                                                                 190                   -
                        Fees and services, and other income                                                                               43                 37
                        Return of amounts relating to Carisbrook Solar Farm                                                                 -                 8
                        Other income                                                                                                     233                 45


                        Interest earned from other parties(2)                                                                             29                 45
                        Interest income                                                                                                   29                 45

                    (1) Refer to note B.5.
                    (2) Interest income is measured using an effective interest rate method and recognised as it accrues.




  102
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    A .4 E XPE NSES

                                                                                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                                                                                  Note      $m             $m

                        Cost of sales(1)                                                                                                  12,113        13,838
                        Employee expenses(2)                                                                                               870             961
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                      579             478
                        Impairment of trade receivables (net of bad debts recovered)                                                        175            178
                        Impairment of non-current assets                                                                          C.2        57             30
                        Impairment of debt instruments                                                                            C.5        62              -
                        Impairment of equity accounted investee                                                                               4              -
                        Decrease in fair value of derivatives                                                                              462             199
                        Net loss from financial instruments measured at fair value                                                           73              -




For personal use only
                        Net loss on sale of assets                                                                                             -             2
                        Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                                    (47)            12
                        Onerous contracts provision                                                                               C.4       (49)            (7)
                        Other(3)                                                                                                           590            602
                        Expenses                                                                                                         14,889        16,293


                        Interest on borrowings                                                                                              140            135
                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                        30             21
                        Unwind of discounting on long-term provisions                                                                        19             19
                        Interest expense                                                                                                    189            175
                        Financing costs capitalised                                                                                          71             59

                    (1) Includes variable lease payments of $28 million (2025: $29 million).
                    (2) Includes contributions to defined contribution superannuation funds of $92 million (2025: $90 million).
                    (3) Includes low-value assets and short-term lease payments of $9 million (2025: $5 million).


                    FI N ANC ING COSTS CA PI T A L I S E D
                    Financing costs incurred for the construction of a qualifying asset are capitalised while the asset is being constructed or prepared for
                    use at the rate applicable to the relevant borrowings. Where borrowings are not specific to an asset, financing costs are calculated at an
                    average rate based on the general borrowings of the Group. The capitalisation rate used to determine capitalised financing costs was 4.6
                    per cent (2025: 4.6 per cent).




                                                                                                                                                                  103
                                                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report




                    A .5 RESULTS O F EQ U I TY A C C O U N T ED I N V ES T E E S

                        for the year ended 30 June
                        2026
                                                                                                                                              Share of                                   Share of net
                        $m                                                                                          Note                      EBITDA           Share of ITDA             profit/(loss)

                        APLNG(1)                                                                                      B.2                            1,478                  (819)                    659
                        Emobility Finance                                                                                                                -                       -                          -
                        Total joint ventures                                                                                                         1,478                  (819)                    659


                        Octopus Energy(2)                                                                             B.3                              471                  (218)                    253
                        Kraken Technologies                                                                           B.4                                -                       -                          -
                        Climatech Zero                                                                                                                   -                       -                          -




For personal use only
                        Gasbot                                                                                                                           -                       -                          -
                        Gaschem                                                                                                                          1                      (1)                         -
                        Total associates                                                                                                              472                   (219)                    253
                        Total                                                                                                                      1,950                 (1,038)                     912


                        2025
                        $m


                        APLNG(1)                                                                                      B.2                            1,875                  (956)                    919
                        Total joint ventures                                                                                                         1,875                 (956)                     919


                        Octopus Energy(2)                                                                             B.3                             (88)                    (81)                  (169)
                        Climatech Zero                                                                                                                  (1)                      -                         (1)
                        Gasbot                                                                                                                           -                       -                          -
                        Gaschem                                                                                                                         2                       (1)                         1
                        Total associates                                                                                                              (87)                   (82)                   (169)
                        Total                                                                                                                        1,788               (1,038)                     750

                    (1) Included in the Group’s share of net profit is the elimination of Mandatorily Redeemable Cumulative Preference Shares (MRCPS) interest income of $2 million (2025:
                        $3 million) in line with the depreciation of the capitalised interest in APLNG’s result. Refer to note B.2.1.
                    (2) Included in the Group’s share of net profit is $14 million (2025: $24 million) of amortisation relating to the fair value attributed to assets at the acquisition date. Refer to
                        note B.3.1.


                                                                                                                                                               Equity accounted investment
                        as at 30 June                                                                                                                                carrying amount

                        $m                                                                                                                  Note                           2026                    2025
                        APLNG                                                                                                                B.2.2                         5,204                    5,721
                        Octopus Energy                                                                                                       B.3.2                           1,213                   1,217
                        Kraken Technologies                                                                                                  B.4.1                            270                           -
                        Emobility Finance                                                                                                                                         1                         -
                        Climatech Zero                                                                                                                                           4                          8
                        Gasbot                                                                                                                                                    -                         -
                        Gaschem                                                                                                                                                 11                         11
                        Total                                                                                                                                              6,703                   6,957




  104
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    A .6 EA RNINGS PER S H AR E

                                                                                                                                                                 2026                  2025

                        Weighted average number of shares on issue – basic(1)                                                                          1,719,898,967          1,717,640,861
                        Weighted average number of shares on issue – diluted(2)                                                                         1,725,741,266        1,724,060,238


                        Statutory profit
                        Earnings per share based on statutory profit
                        Statutory profit attributable to members of the parent entity ($m)                                                                        1,574                 1,481
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                            91.5 cents            86.2 cents
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                          91.2 cents            85.9 cents


                        Underlying profit




For personal use only
                        Earnings per share based on underlying profit
                        Underlying profit attributable to members of the parent entity ($m)(3),(4)                                                                1,159                1,490
                        Underlying basic earnings per share                                                                                                 67.4 cents            86.7 cents
                        Underlying diluted earnings per share                                                                                               67.2 cents           86.4 cents

                    (1) The basic earnings per share calculation uses the weighted average number of shares on issue during the year excluding treasury shares held.
                    (2) The diluted earnings per share calculation uses the weighted average number of shares on issue during the year excluding treasury shares held. It is also adjusted to
                        reflect the number of shares that would be issued if outstanding Performance Share Rights, Restricted Shares, Restricted Share Rights and Matching Share Rights were to
                        be exercised (2026: 5,842,299; 2025: 6,419,377).
                    (3) Refer to note A.1 for a reconciliation of statutory profit to underlying profit.
                    (4) Underlying profit is a non-statutory (non-IFRS) measure.


                    A .7 DIVIDENDS

                    Dividends paid and determined are detailed below.

                                                                                                                                                                 2026                  2025
                                                                                                                                                                   $m                     $m
                        Recognised amounts
                        Final dividend of 30 cents per share, fully franked, in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2025,
                        paid 3 October 2025
                        (2025: 27.5 cents per share, fully franked, in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2024, paid
                        27 September 2024)                                                                                                                          517                  474
                        Interim dividend of 30 cents per share, fully franked, in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2026,
                        paid 27 March 2026
                        (2025: 30 cents per share, fully franked, in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2025, paid
                        28 March 2025)                                                                                                                              517                   517
                                                                                                                                                                 1,034                   991


                        Unrecognised amounts
                        Since the end of the financial year, the Directors have determined to pay a fully franked final dividend of 30
                        cents per share on ordinary shares, to be paid on 2 October 2026 (2025: 30 cents per share, fully franked,
                        paid 3 October 2025).                                                                                                                       517                   517


                    D I VI D END FRANKI N G AC CO U N T
                    Franking credits available to shareholders of Origin Energy Limited for subsequent financial years are shown below.

                                                                                                                                                                 2026                  2025
                                                                                                                                                                   $m                     $m
                        Australian franking credits available at 30 per cent                                                                                      1,115                  933
                        New Zealand franking credits available at 28 per cent (in NZD)                                                                             304                   304




                                                                                                                                                                                                  105
                                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    B Investment in equity accounted joint ventures and associates
                    This section provides information on the Group’s equity accounted investments, including financial information relating to APLNG,
                    Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies, which are separate legal entities.

                    B .1 I NTERESTS IN E Q UI TY A C C O U NT ED J O I NT V E NT U R E S A N D A S S O C I A T E S

                                                                                                                                                          Ownership interest (per cent)
                                                                                                                                 Place of
                        Joint ventures and associates                                                    Reporting date          incorporation                       2026                   2025
                        APLNG(1)                                                                         30 June                 Australia                              27.5                   27.5
                        Octopus Energy(2)                                                                30 April                United Kingdom                        22.7                   22.7
                        Kraken Technologies(3)                                                           31 January              Jersey                                 18.2                      -
                        Emobility Finance                                                                30 June                 Australia                             50.0                       -
                        Climatech Zero                                                                   30 June                 Australia                             20.0                   20.0




For personal use only
                        Gasbot                                                                           30 June                 Australia                              17.2                   21.5
                        Gaschem                                                                          31 December             Germany                               25.0                   25.0

                    (1) Operating, management and funding decisions require the unanimous support of the Foundation Shareholders, which includes the Group and ConocoPhillips.
                        Accordingly, joint control exists, and the Group has classified the investment in APLNG as a joint venture.
                    (2) The Group’s investment is equity accounted as a result of the Group’s active participation on the Board and the Group’s ability to impact decision making, leading to the
                        existence of significant influence.
                    (3) The Group’s investment is equity accounted as a result of the Group’s active participation on the Board and the Group’s ability to impact decision making, leading to the
                        existence of significant influence. Subsequent to year end, Origin’s direct economic interest in Kraken Technologies increased to 19.6 per cent. Refer to note G.12.


                    As at 30 June 2026, only the interests in APLNG, Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies have a material impact on the Group.

                    B .2 I NVE STMENT I N A PLN G

                    This section provides financial information related to the Group’s investment in equity accounted joint venture APLNG.

                    B.2.1 Summary APLNG income statement

                                                                                                                           2026                                          2025
                        for the year ended 30 June                                                                    Total                 Origin                  Total                 Origin
                        $m                                                                                          APLNG                 interest                APLNG                 interest

                        Operating revenue                                                                              8,136                                         9,955
                        Operating expenses                                                                            (2,763)                                       (3,137)
                        EBITDA                                                                                         5,373                  1,478                  6,818                  1,875


                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                          (1,710)                 (470)                (1,784)                  (491)
                        Interest income                                                                                    91                     25                    132                     36
                        Interest expense                                                                                (346)                   (95)                  (409)                   (112)
                        Income tax expense                                                                             (1,021)                 (281)                (1,424)                  (392)
                        ITDA                                                                                         (2,986)                   (821)               (3,485)                   (959)
                        Statutory result for the year                                                                  2,387                    657                 3,333                     916
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                           -                      -                      -                      -
                        Statutory total comprehensive income(1)                                                        2,387                    657                 3,333                     916


                        Underlying profit for the year(1),(2)                                                          2,387                    657                 3,333                     916
                        Underlying EBITDA for the year(2)                                                              5,373                  1,478                  6,818                  1,875

                    (1) Excluded from the above is the elimination of MRCPS interest income that was historically recognised by Origin of $2 million (2025: $3 million) (Origin share), in line with
                        the depreciation of the capitalised interest in APLNG’s result above. Refer to note B.2.2. This adjustment is disclosed under the Integrated Gas – Other segment in the
                        ‘Share of ITDA of equity accounted investees’ line in note A.1.
                    (2) Underlying profit and underlying EBITDA are non-statutory (non-IFRS) measures.


                    Income statement amounts are converted from USD to AUD using the average exchange rate prevailing for the relevant period.




  106
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    B .2 I NVESTM ENT I N APL N G ( C O N T I NU E D)
                    B.2.2 Summary APLNG statement of financial position

                    The following table reconciles the summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the Group’s interest in APLNG.

                        100 per cent APLNG
                        as at 30 June
                        $m                                                                                                                                     2026                   2025

                        Cash and cash equivalents(1)                                                                                                            1,390                 2,930
                        Other assets                                                                                                                             1,116                  984
                        Current assets                                                                                                                         2,506                  3,914


                        Receivables from shareholders                                                                                                             396                    415




For personal use only
                        PP&E                                                                                                                                   28,149               30,429
                        Exploration, evaluation and development assets                                                                                            674                   588
                        Other assets                                                                                                                               66                    163
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                                    29,285                 31,595
                        Total assets                                                                                                                           31,791               35,509


                        Bank loans – secured                                                                                                                      574                 1,023
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                                                          92                     69
                        Other liabilities                                                                                                                       1,046                 1,200
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                                     1,712                 2,292


                        Bank loans – secured                                                                                                                    3,854                 4,633
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                                                         165                   226
                        Other liabilities                                                                                                                       6,834                  7,241
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                                                               10,853                 12,100
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                                     12,565                14,392
                        Net assets                                                                                                                            19,226                  21,117


                        Group’s interest of 27.5 per cent of APLNG net assets                                                                                   5,288                 5,807
                        Group’s own costs(2)                                                                                                                        18                    18
                        MRCPS elimination(2),(3)                                                                                                                 (102)                 (104)
                        Investment in APLNG(4)                                                                                                                 5,204                  5,721

                    (1) Includes amounts that are reserved under project finance agreements and restricted from being distributed to shareholders of APLNG. Also includes a share of cash not
                        available for use as at 30 June 2026 (refer to note B.2.3).
                    (2) The Group’s own costs and MRCPS elimination balances are disclosed under the Integrated Gas – Other segment in the ‘Investments accounted for using the equity
                        method’ line in note A.1.
                    (3) During project construction, when the Group received interest on the MRCPS from APLNG, it recorded the interest as income after eliminating a portion attributable
                        to its ownership interest in APLNG. At the same time, when APLNG paid interest to the Group on MRCPS, the amount was capitalised by APLNG. Therefore, these
                        capitalised interest amounts form part of the cost of APLNG’s assets, and these assets have been depreciated since commencement of operations. The proportion
                        attributable to the Group’s own interest is eliminated through the equity accounted investment balance.
                    (4) Includes a decrease of $265 million (2025: $55 million increase) due to foreign exchange that has been recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve. Also
                        included is a reduction of A$911 million (US$615 million) relating to dividends received from APLNG (2025: A$797 million (US$523 million)).


                    Reporting date balances are converted from USD to AUD using an end-of-period exchange rate of 0.6870 (2025: 0.6549).



                          K EY JUDG EMEN TS AN D ES TI M A TE S
                          The carrying amount of the Group’s equity accounted investment in APLNG is reviewed at each reporting date to determine
                          whether there is any indication of impairment. Where an indicator of impairment exists, a formal estimate of the recoverable
                          amount is made. The Group’s assessment of the recoverable amount uses a discounted cash flow methodology and considers
                          a range of macroeconomic and project assumptions, including oil and LNG price, AUD/USD exchange rates, discount rates and
                          costs over the asset’s life. No impairment loss was recognised during the year.




                                                                                                                                                                                                107
                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    B .2 I NVESTM ENT I N APL N G ( C O N T I NU E D)
                    B.2.3 Summary APLNG statement of cash flows

                        100 per cent APLNG
                        for the year ended 30 June
                        $m                                                                                                                                      2026                   2025

                        Cash flow from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                                                                  8,149                10,466
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                                                     (2,925)               (3,375)
                        Net cash from operations                                                                                                                5,224                  7,091
                        Income tax paid                                                                                                                          (1,414)               (1,189)
                        Net cash from operating activities                                                                                                       3,810                5,902




For personal use only
                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Loans advanced to other shareholders                                                                                                          -                   (86)
                        Acquisition of PP&E                                                                                                                       (797)                 (600)
                        Proceeds from court judgment(1)                                                                                                            146                       -
                        Acquisition of exploration and development assets                                                                                          (96)                   (26)
                        Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                                                                  6                    32
                        Interest received                                                                                                                          109                    115
                        Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                                     (632)                 (565)


                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Repayment of lease principal                                                                                                               (78)                   (68)
                        Payment of interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                    (21)                  (23)
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                                   861                       -
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                  (1,851)                (940)
                        Payments of transaction and interest costs relating to borrowings                                                                         (245)                 (293)
                        Payments of ordinary dividends                                                                                                          (3,312)               (2,898)
                        Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                                  (4,646)                (4,222)


                        Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    (1,468)                 1,115
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                                  2,930                  1,853
                        Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                                                                    (72)                   (38)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                                         1,390                2,930

                    (1) The proceeds from court judgment of $146 million represents APLNG’s share of cash in a joint operation operated by a Santos Limited (Santos) entity for funds received
                        by Santos in December 2025 following court judgment on its proceedings against Fluor Australia Pty Ltd.


                    Cash flow amounts are converted from USD to AUD using the exchange rate that approximates the actual rate on the date of the
                    cash flows.




  108
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    B .3 I N VESTMENT I N O CT O P U S EN ER G Y
                    This section provides financial information related to the Group’s investment in the equity accounted associate Octopus Energy, an energy
                    retailer incorporated in the United Kingdom that is not publicly listed.

                    B.3.1 Summary Octopus Energy income statement

                    The following tables summarise the financial information of Octopus Energy.

                                                                                                                              2026                                           2025
                                                                                                                        Total                                          Total
                        for the year ended 30 June                                                                   Octopus                   Origin               Octopus                    Origin
                        $m                                                                                            Energy                 interest                Energy                  interest

                        Operating revenue                                                                              32,045                                          28,135
                        Statutory result for the year                                                                    9,995                  2,269                    (638)                  (145)




For personal use only
                        Elimination of gain from transaction with associate(1)                                                                 (2,003)                                              -
                        Statutory result for the year post elimination                                                   9,995                     266                   (638)                  (145)
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                           66                      15                       -                     -
                        Total comprehensive income, net of tax                                                               66                      15                       -                     -
                        Statutory total comprehensive income(2)                                                         10,061                     281                   (638)                  (145)


                        Items excluded from segment result
                        Transaction costs – Kraken Demerger                                                                 (26)                     (6)                      -                     -
                        Gain on demerger of Kraken Technologies(1)                                                      10,956                   2,487                        -                     -
                        Elimination of gain from transaction with associate(1)                                                                 (2,003)                                              -
                        Items excluded from segment result                                                             10,930                      478                        -                     -


                        Underlying (loss)/profit for the year(2),(3)                                                      (935)                   (212)                  (638)                  (145)
                        Underlying EBITDA for the year(3)                                                                   (36)                     (8)                 (388)                   (88)

                    (1) Refer to note B.5.
                    (2) Excluded from the above is $14 million (2025: $24 million) (Origin share) of amortisation relating to the fair value attributed to assets at the acquisition date.
                    (3) Underlying profit and underlying EBITDA are non-statutory (non-IFRS) measures.


                    Income statement amounts are converted from GBP to AUD using the average rate prevailing for the relevant period.

                    B.3.2 Summary Octopus Energy statement of financial position

                    The following table reconciles the summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Octopus Energy.

                        100 per cent Octopus Energy
                        as at 30 June
                        $m                                                                                                                       2026                                          2025

                        Current assets(1)                                                                                                       11,240                                         11,146
                        Non-current assets(2)                                                                                                    5,352                                         3,904
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                   (10,626)                                       (10,838)
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                                                 (1,546)                                        (1,314)
                        Net assets                                                                                                              4,420                                          2,898


                        Group’s interest of 22.7 per cent of Octopus Energy net assets                                                           1,003                                           658
                        Goodwill, fair value adjustments and equity settled transactions(3)                                                        204                                           553
                        Group’s own costs                                                                                                             6                                            6
                        Group’s carrying amount of the investment in Octopus Energy(4)                                                           1,213                                          1,217

                    (1) Current assets include cash and cash equivalents of $3,574 million (2025: $3,853 million).
                    (2) Includes Octopus Energy’s 15.3% interest in Kraken Technologies accounted for at fair value. At 30 June 2026, the carrying value was A$1,808 million (GBP£939 million)
                        (2025: nil).
                    (3) A portion of the goodwill and other fair value adjustments previously recognised within the Group's equity accounted investment in Octopus Energy has been allocated
                        to the investment in Kraken Technologies based on relative fair values at separation. Refer to note B.4.1.
                    (4) Includes a decrease of $85 million (2025: $117 million increase) due to foreign exchange that has been recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve. The
                        prior year also included an increase of $9 million related to an additional investment in the year.


                    Reporting date balances are converted from GBP to AUD using an end-of-period exchange rate of 0.5194 (2025: 0.4770).

                    The associate has no contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026.


                                                                                                                                                                                                         109
                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    B .4 I NVESTMENT I N K RAK EN T EC H NO L O G I E S
                    On 17 June 2026, the Group received an 18.2 per cent direct interest in Kraken Technologies via a non-cash distribution from Octopus
                    Energy. Kraken Technologies is an energy technology company incorporated in Jersey that is not publicly listed. The investment has been
                    accounted for as an equity accounted associate from the date significant influence was obtained.

                    Origin’s share of Kraken Technologies’ profit or loss for the period from 17 June 2026 to 30 June 2026 was not material and has not been
                    separately disclosed for that period.

                    B.4.1 Summary Kraken Technologies statement of financial position

                    The following table summarises the financial information for Kraken Technologies and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest in
                    Kraken Technologies.

                        100 per cent Kraken Technologies
                        as at 30 June
                        $m                                                                                                                                                            2026




For personal use only
                        Current assets(1)                                                                                                                                                159
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                                                               417
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                                                           (1,067)
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                                          (26)
                        Net liabilities(2)                                                                                                                                              (517)


                        Group's interest of Kraken Technologies net assets                                                                                                                     -
                        Goodwill and fair value adjustments(3)                                                                                                                           270
                        Group’s carrying amount of the investment in Kraken Technologies                                                                                                270

                    (1) Current assets include cash and cash equivalents of $15 million.
                    (2) Kraken Technologies was in a temporary net liability position at 30 June 2026, which was subsequently rectified through an equity raise that was completed on 9 July
                        2026, raising US$710 million (A$1,024 million). Refer to note G.12.
                    (3) Includes goodwill and other fair value adjustments previously recognised on the initial recognition of the Group's equity accounted investment in Octopus Energy,
                        allocated to Kraken Technologies based on relative fair values at the date of separation.


                    Reporting date balances are converted from GBP to AUD using an end-of-period exchange rate of 0.5194.

                    The associate has no contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026.

                    B .5 T RANSACTION S B ET W E E N T H E G R O U P A N D E Q U I T Y A C C O U N T E D I N V E S T E E S

                    A PLNG

                    S ERVI CE TRA NSACT IO NS
                    The Group provides services to APLNG including corporate services, upstream operating services related to the development and
                    operation of APLNG’s natural gas assets, and marketing services relating to coal seam gas (CSG). The Group incurs costs in providing
                    these services and charges APLNG for them in accordance with the terms of the contracts governing those services.

                    COM MODI TY TRAN SACTI O N S
                    Separately, the Group has entered into agreements to purchase gas from APLNG (2026: $438 million; 2025: $602 million) and sell gas to
                    APLNG (2026: $68 million; 2025: $6 million). At 30 June 2026, the Group’s outstanding payable balance for purchases from APLNG was
                    $32 million (2025: $76 million) and its outstanding receivable balance for sales to APLNG was nil (2025: nil).

                    FUN DING TR ANSAC TIO N S
                    The Group received fully franked dividends of $911 million (2025: $797 million).

                    On 14 July 2026, the directors of APLNG determined to pay a fully franked dividend to shareholders. The Group received a fully franked
                    dividend of US$47 million (A$68 million) on 29 July 2026.

                    On 11 August 2026, the directors of APLNG determined to pay a further fully franked dividend to shareholders. The Group expects to
                    receive a fully franked dividend of US$46 million on 27 August 2026.




   110
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    B .5 T RANSACTION S B ETW E EN T HE G R O U P A ND E Q U I T Y A C C O U N T E D I N V E S T E E S ( C O N T I N U E D )

                    OCT OPUS E NERGY

                    D EMER GER OF OCT O PU S E N ER G Y A N D K R A K E N T E C H N O L O G I E S
                    On 17 June 2026, Octopus Energy completed the demerger of Kraken Technologies, resulting in Origin receiving a direct equity
                    interest in Kraken Technologies by way of a non-cash distribution from Octopus Energy, while retaining its equity accounted interest
                    in Octopus Energy.

                    The transaction resulted in Origin recognising a net gain of $484 million in the income statement, representing Origin’s share of Octopus
                    Energy’s gain on the portion of Kraken Technologies retained by Octopus Energy at fair value. The $2,003 million gain relating to a
                    non-cash distribution of Kraken Technologies shares to Origin was eliminated as the transaction represented an exchange of Origin’s
                    indirect interest in Kraken Technologies, previously held through Octopus Energy, for a direct interest in Kraken Technologies.

                    At 30 June 2026, Origin’s equity accounted investment in Octopus Energy was $1,213 million and its equity accounted investment
                    in Kraken Technologies was $270 million. The Kraken Technologies investment balance reflects the allocation of previously recognised
                    acquisition-date fair value adjustments and goodwill included in the Group’s investment in Octopus Energy immediately prior to the




For personal use only
                    separation, between the retained investment in Octopus Energy and the investment in Kraken Technologies based on their relative fair
                    values at the date of separation.

                    AD D ITI ONAL EQUITY T RA N SA C T IO N S
                    In the prior year, following further investments by other shareholders, the Group invested a further £5 million (A$9 million) on 1 November
                    2024 to maintain its 22.7 per cent equity interest.

                    K RA KEN TE CHNO L OGI E S

                    W AI VER OF KRAKEN P L AT FO R M E X C L US IV IT Y
                    In December 2025, the Group entered into an agreement to waive exclusivity to the Kraken platform in Australia in exchange for an
                    additional 1.5 per cent equity interest in Kraken Technologies as part of its formal separation from Octopus Energy. A gain of $190 million
                    has been recognised in the current year, reflecting the fair value of the consideration receivable for the waiver of exclusivity.

                    The additional Kraken Technologies shares were issued to the Group on 9 July 2026.

                    FUT URE I NVESTME NT IN K R A K EN TE C H N O L O G IE S
                    In December 2025, the Group signed an agreement to invest an additional US$140 million (A$210 million) in Kraken Technologies. This
                    investment was completed on 9 July 2026.

                    The issue of the shares related to the waiver of Kraken platform exclusivity, and the additional investment noted above increased Origin’s
                    direct economic interest in Kraken Technologies to 19.6 per cent. Refer to note G.12 Subsequent events.

                    EMO BIL ITY FINAN CE
                    During the financial year, Origin completed a transaction resulting in a 50 per cent interest in Emobility Finance Holding Pty Ltd. The
                    investment is accounted for as an equity accounted joint venture from the completion date, as key decisions require joint approval with
                    the other shareholder.

                    AG ENC Y AND SER VIC ING A R R A N G E M EN T S
                    Origin provides agency and servicing functions to the joint venture, including marketing, customer management and pricing
                    administration, under contractual arrangements for which it will receive an agency fee.

                    RES I DUA L VALUE S H O RT F A L L F A C IL I TY
                    Origin has provided a Residual Value Shortfall Facility to the joint venture on arm’s length terms. The facility may be drawn if a vehicle is
                    sold for less than its assumed depreciated asset value and the joint venture does not have sufficient asset value capacity to absorb the
                    shortfall. The facility is measured at fair value in accordance with AASB 9 Financial Instruments. Based on current depreciated asset value
                    assumptions, expected vehicle residual values and the liquidity available to the joint venture, the fair value of the facility at 30 June 2026 is
                    not material. The likelihood of the facility being drawn is considered remote.




                                                                                                                                                                        111
                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    C Operating assets and liabilities
                    This section provides information on the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities incurred as a result.

                    C. 1 T RADE AND OT HE R RE C EI V A B L E S

                    The following balances are amounts due from the Group’s customers and other parties.

                                                                                                                                         2026               2025
                                                                                                                                            $m                $m
                        Current
                        Trade receivables net of allowance for impairment                                                                  959               935
                        Unbilled revenue net of allowance for impairment                                                                  1,489             2,024
                        Other receivables                                                                                                   153               261
                        Total current                                                                                                     2,601             3,220




For personal use only
                        Non-current
                        Trade receivables                                                                                                    26                  41
                        Total non-current                                                                                                    26                  41


                    Trade and other receivables are initially recorded at the amount billed to customers or other counterparties. Unbilled receivables represent
                    estimated gas and electricity supplied to customers since their previous bill was issued. The carrying value of all receivables, including
                    unbilled revenue, reflects the amount anticipated to be collected.



                          K EY JUDG EMEN TS AN D ES TI M A TE S
                          Recoverability of trade receivables: Judgement is required in determining the level of provisioning for customer debts.
                          Impairment allowances take into account the age of the debt, historic collection trends and expectations about future
                          economic conditions.

                          Unbilled revenue: Unbilled gas and electricity revenue is not collectable until customers’ meters are read and invoices issued.
                          Refer to note A.2 for judgement applied in determining the amount of unbilled energy revenue to recognise.



                    CR EDIT RISK AND C OL L EC T A B I L I T Y
                    The Group minimises the concentration of credit risk by undertaking transactions with a large number of customers from across a broad
                    range of industries. Credit approval processes are in place for large customers and all customers are required to pay in accordance with
                    agreed payment terms. Depending on the customer segment, settlement terms are generally 14 to 30 days from the date of the invoice.
                    For some debtors, the Group may also obtain security in the form of deposits, guarantees, deeds of undertaking or letters of credit, which
                    can be called upon if the counterparty defaults.

                    Debtor collectability is assessed on an ongoing basis and any resulting impairment losses are recognised in the income statement. The
                    Group applies the simplified approach to providing for trade receivable and unbilled revenue impairment, which requires the expected
                    lifetime credit losses to be recognised when the receivable is initially recognised. To measure expected lifetime credit losses, trade
                    receivables and unbilled revenue balances have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and ageing profiles. A debtor
                    balance is written off when recovery is assessed to be no longer possible.




   112
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    C. 1 T RADE AND OT HE R RE C EI V A B L E S ( C O NT I NU E D )
                    The average age of trade receivables is 27 days (2025: 25 days). Other receivables are neither past due nor impaired and relate principally
                    to generation and hedge contract receivables. The ageing of current trade receivables and unbilled revenue at the reporting date is
                    detailed below.

                                                                                                      2026                                2025
                                                                                                              Impairment                          Impairment
                        $m                                                                        Gross        allowance               Gross       allowance
                        Unbilled revenue                                                           1,510               (21)            2,048               (24)
                        Not yet due                                                                 633                 (9)              624               (16)
                        Less than 30 days                                                            136                (7)              125                (7)
                        31–60 days past due                                                           71               (19)               73               (18)
                        61–90 days past due                                                           50               (17)               45               (15)
                        Greater than 91 days                                                        407              (286)               444              (320)




For personal use only
                        Total                                                                     2,807              (359)             3,359             (400)


                    The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables and unbilled revenue during the year is shown below.

                        $m                                                                                          2026                                 2025
                        Balance as at 1 July                                                                          400                                  376
                        Impairment losses recognised                                                                   175                                 178
                        Impairment allowance of entities acquired                                                        8                                   -
                        Amounts written off                                                                          (224)                                (154)
                        Balance as at 30 June                                                                         359                                 400




                                                                                                                                                                  113
                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    C. 2 PROPERTY, PLA NT AN D EQ U I P M EN T

                                                                                       Owned                                            Right-of-use (ROU)                                Total

                                                                  Plant and               Land and       Capital work in              Plant and               Land and
                                                                 equipment                buildings            progress              equipment                buildings
                        $m
                        2026
                        Cost                                            8,247                    252                   1,611                 1,037                   439                 11,586
                        Less: Accumulated
                        depreciation and
                        impairment losses                               (4,817)                  (83)                      -                  (193)                 (203)                (5,296)
                        Total                                          3,430                     169                  1,611                   844                    236                 6,290


                        Balance as at 1 July 2025                       2,384                    165                  2,135                    192                    221                5,097
                        Additions                                           28                       -                 903                     715                       -                1,646




For personal use only
                        Net restoration movement                            65                       -                     -                      -                      -                   65
                        Disposals                                          (12)                      -                  (20)                      -                      -                  (32)
                        Lease remeasurements                                  -                      -                     -                      2                   44                     46
                        Depreciation expense                             (378)                     (3)                     -                   (65)                   (29)                 (475)
                        Impairment(1)                                         -                      -                  (57)                      -                      -                  (57)
                        Transfers within PP&E                            1,343                      7                (1,350)                      -                      -                     -
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026                     3,430                     169                  1,611                   844                    236                 6,290


                        2025
                        Cost                                            6,828                    245                  2,135                   347                    399                  9,954
                        Less: Accumulated
                        depreciation and
                        impairment losses                              (4,444)                   (80)                      -                  (155)                  (178)               (4,857)
                        Total                                           2,384                    165                  2,135                    192                   221                 5,097


                        Balance as at 1 July 2024                        2,411                   156                    897                    191                   236                  3,891
                        Additions                                            7                     12                 1,531                     28                     18                 1,596
                        Net restoration movement                            (2)                      -                     -                      -                      -                    (2)
                        Disposals                                            (1)                     -                     -                      -                      -                    (1)
                        Lease remeasurements                                  -                      -                     -                    22                       -                   22
                        Depreciation expense                             (308)                     (3)                     -                   (47)                  (33)                  (391)
                        Impairment(2)                                         -                      -                   (16)                   (2)                      -                   (18)
                        Transfers within PP&E                             277                        -                 (277)                      -                      -                     -
                        Balance as at 30 June 2025                      2,384                    165                  2,135                    192                   221                 5,097

                    (1) Relates to impairment of capital work in progress relating to generation development projects. The feasibility of the projects has been negatively impacted by a range of
                        factors, including market pricing especially during solar hours, and increased capital and operating costs.
                    (2) Relates to impairment of capital work in progress and right-of-use assets relating to the HVHH, following the Group’s exit from hydrogen development opportunities
                        during the prior year.


                    OW NE D P P& E
                    PP&E is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges. Costs include financing costs incurred
                    for the construction of qualifying assets while they are being constructed or prepared for use and the estimated future cost of required
                    closure and rehabilitation.

                    Contingent consideration, which is dependent upon uncertain future events not wholly within the Group’s control, is only recognised in
                    the cost of PP&E once an obligation has arisen and the uncertainty has been resolved. This form of contingent consideration is included as
                    contingent liabilities in note G.1.

                    Capital work in progress is recorded at cost less impairment charges, and includes assets that are not in service, under construction or
                    prepared for use. When the asset is available for use, the accumulated costs in capital work in progress are then transferred to plant and
                    equipment or land and buildings and depreciated over the asset’s expected useful life.

                    The carrying amounts of assets are reviewed to determine if there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset’s
                    recoverable amount is estimated and if required, an impairment is recognised in the income statement.

                    Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis so as to write off the cost of each asset over its expected useful life. Leasehold
                    improvements are amortised over the period of the relevant lease or estimated useful life, whichever is shorter. Land and capital work in
                    progress are not depreciated.

                    The estimated useful lives used in the calculation of depreciation are 10 to 50 years for buildings, including leasehold improvements and 3
                    to 33 years for plant and equipment.

   114
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    C. 2 PROPERTY, PLA NT AN D EQ U I P M EN T ( C O N T I NU E D )

                    LE ASED PP&E
                    The Group’s leased assets include commercial offices, power stations, LPG terminals and shipping vessels, batteries, motor vehicles and
                    other items of equipment.

                    ROU assets are recognised at the commencement of a lease. ROU assets are initially valued at the corresponding lease liability amount
                    adjusted for any payments already made, lease incentives received, or initial direct costs incurred when entering into the lease. Where the
                    Group is required to restore the ROU asset at the end of the lease, the cost of restoration is also included in the value of the ROU asset.

                    ROU assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the ROU asset. The carrying
                    amounts of ROU assets are reviewed to determine if there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset’s
                    recoverable amount is estimated, and if required, an impairment is recognised in the income statement.

                    Refer to note D.2 for discussion of the recognition and measurement of associated lease liability balances.




For personal use only
                          K EY JUDGE MEN T S AN D E S T I M A T E S
                          Recoverability of carrying values: Estimates of recoverable amounts are based on an asset’s value-in-use or fair value less costs to
                          sell, whichever is higher. The recoverable amount of these assets is sensitive to changes in key assumptions.

                          Estimation of useful economic lives: A technical assessment of an asset’s operating life requires significant judgement. Useful
                          lives are amended prospectively when a change in the operating life is determined. The estimated useful lives of our assets align
                          with our climate change strategy commitments.

                          Eraring Power Station useful life: The useful life of all four units of Eraring has been extended to April 2029. Refer to Change in
                          accounting estimates – Eraring Power Station extension of useful life to April 2029 in the Overview.

                          Restoration provisions: An asset’s carrying value includes the estimated future cost of required closure and rehabilitation
                          activities. Refer to note C.4 for the judgement related to restoration provisions.

                          Lease term: Where lease arrangements contain options to extend the term or terminate the contract, the Group assesses
                          whether it is ‘reasonably certain’ that the option to extend or terminate will be exercised. Consideration is given to all facts
                          and circumstances that create an economic incentive to extend or terminate the contract. Lease liabilities and ROU assets are
                          measured using the reasonably certain contract term.



                    C. 3 I NTANGIBLE AS SE T S

                                                                                                                                          2026                  2025
                                                                                                                                            $m                    $m

                        Goodwill net of impairment losses                                                                                  2,119                2,106
                        Software and other intangible assets                                                                               1,983                1,854
                        Accumulated amortisation                                                                                          (1,515)               (1,411)
                        Total                                                                                                             2,587              2,549




                                                                                                                                                                          115
                                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    C. 3 I NTANGIBLE AS SE T S ( C O NT I NU E D)
                    Reconciliations of the carrying amounts of each class of intangible asset are set out below.

                                                                                                                                                               Software
                                                                                                                                                               and other
                        $m                                                                                                                Goodwill           intangibles                     Total

                        Balance as at 1 July 2025                                                                                              2,106                   443                  2,549
                        Additions(1)                                                                                                               13                   129                    142
                        Amortisation expense                                                                                                         -                 (104)                  (104)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026                                                                                             2,119                   468                  2,587


                        Balance as at 1 July 2024                                                                                              2,091                   448                  2,539
                        Additions                                                                                                                  15                    82                     97




For personal use only
                        Amortisation expense                                                                                                         -                  (87)                   (87)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2025                                                                                             2,106                   443                  2,549

                    (1) Includes $13 million of goodwill on consolidation and $45 million of software and other intangibles relating to the acquisition of EL Retail Energy Pty Ltd and 1st Energy
                        Pty Ltd.


                    Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses and is not amortised. Software and other intangible assets are stated at
                    cost less any accumulated impairment losses and accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is recognised as an expense on a straight-line
                    basis over the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets.

                    The average amortisation rate for software and other intangibles (excluding capital work in progress) was 6 per cent (2025: 5 per cent).



                          K EY JUDG EMEN TS AN D ES TI M A TE S
                          Recoverability of carrying values: The Group’s goodwill balance relates exclusively to the Retail cash generating unit (CGU),
                          which is disclosed as part of the Energy Markets segment. The recoverable amount of the Retail CGU goodwill has been
                          determined using a value-in-use model that includes an appropriate terminal value. The value-in-use calculation is sensitive to
                          a number of key assumptions requiring management judgement, including future commodity prices, regulatory policies, and the
                          outlook for the market supply-and-demand conditions. Management does not believe that any reasonably possible changes in
                          these assumptions would result in an impairment. More information about the key inputs and assumptions in the value-in-use
                          calculation are set out below.

                             Key assumptions                              Energy Markets
                             Commodity prices                             Future commodity price assumptions impact the recoverability of carrying values and are
                                                                          reviewed at least twice annually. The Group’s estimate of future commodity prices is made
                                                                          with reference to internally derived forecast data, current spot prices, external market analysts’
                                                                          forecasts and forward curves. Where volumes are contracted, future prices reflect the
                                                                          contracted price.
                             Long-term growth rates                       Cash flows are projected for the term of major wholesale supply contracts in the Retail CGU.
                                                                          Other Retail CGU cash flows are projected for five years. The growth rate used to extrapolate
                                                                          Retail cash flows in the terminal value year is based on AEMO electricity and gas market growth
                                                                          forecasts published in the 2025 Integrated System Plan and Gas Statement of Opportunities and
                                                                          consumer price index of 2.5 per cent for remaining Retail cash flows.
                             Customer numbers                             This is based on a review of actual customer numbers and historical data regarding levels of
                                                                          customer churn. The historical analysis is considered against current and expected market trends
                                                                          and competition for customers.
                             Gross margin and operating costs             This is based on a review of actual gross margins and cost per customer, and consideration of
                                                                          current and expected market movements and impacts.
                             Discount rate                                Discount rates used are the pre-tax equivalent of a post-tax discount rate of 7.6 per cent (2025:
                                                                          7.5 per cent).




   116
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    C. 4 PROVISIO NS

                                                                                                                                          Onerous
                        $m                                                                                       Restoration(1)          contracts(2)              Other(3)               Total

                        Balance as at 1 July 2025                                                                          840                    56                   85                    981
                        Provisions recognised                                                                                68                     -                    5                    73
                        Provisions released                                                                                   (4)                (49)                  (3)                   (56)
                        Payments/utilisation                                                                                (13)                    -                  (3)                   (16)
                        Unwinding of discounting                                                                              16                    4                    -                   20
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                          -                  (11)                   -                    (11)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026                                                                          907                     -                  84                   991


                        Current                                                                                                                                                               26




For personal use only
                        Non-current                                                                                                                                                         965
                        Total provisions                                                                                                                                                    991

                    (1) The closing balance includes amounts relating to the restoration of the Eraring Power Station site, other generation gas power station locations and battery asset sites.
                        Also included within this balance are rehabilitation provisions for contamination at existing and legacy operating sites.
                    (2) All material contracts in which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations exceed the economic benefits are deemed onerous and require a provision to be
                        recognised up front. The onerous contract provision for the LNG sales contract with Cameron reduced to nil at 30 June 2026 (2025: $56 million (US$37 million)) as the
                        expected economic benefits now exceed the unavoidable costs of the contract.
                    (3) The closing balance of other provisions primarily relates to costs associated with the Eraring Power Station closure and a make good provision relating to existing
                        property leases.


                    Restoration provisions are initially recognised at the best estimate of the costs to be incurred in settling the obligation. Where restoration
                    activities are expected to occur more than 12 months from the reporting date, the provision is discounted using a risk-free rate that reflects
                    current market assessments of the time value of money. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as interest expense in each period.

                    At each reporting date, the restoration provision is remeasured in line with changes in discount rates, and changes to the timing or amount
                    of costs to be incurred, based on current legal requirements, cost estimates and technology. External consultants are engaged periodically
                    to assist with the review of restoration provisions. Any changes in the estimated future costs associated with:
                    •    restoration and dismantling are added to or deducted from the related asset; and
                    •    environmental rehabilitation are expensed in the current period.



                          K EY ESTIMATE
                          Restoration, rehabilitation and dismantling costs: The Group estimates the cost of future site restoration activities at the time of
                          installation or construction of an asset, or when an obligation arises. Restoration often does not occur for many years and therefore
                          significant judgement is required as to the extent of work, and the cost and timing of future activities. Future social, regulatory and
                          climate-related conditions and policies may impact these estimates and will continue to be monitored.

                          The closure date of Eraring has been extended to April 2029. Refer to ‘Change in accounting estimates - Eraring Power Station
                          extension of useful life to April 2029 in the Overview’.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     117
                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report




                    C. 5 O THE R FINANCI AL A SS ET S A ND L I A B I L I T I E S

                                                                                                                           2026                        2025
                        $m                                                                                          Current         Non-current   Current     Non-current

                        Other financial assets
                        Measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Settlement Residue Distribution Agreement units                                                    40                18       79                61
                        Environmental scheme certificates                                                                 314                 -      492                  -
                        Investment fund units                                                                                -               72         -               68
                        Debt and other securities                                                                         187               113        2               114
                        Equity securities                                                                                    -               6          -                7
                        Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income(1)
                        Equity securities                                                                                    -              84          -               82




For personal use only
                        Measured at amortised cost
                        Futures collateral                                                                                156                 -       281                 -
                        Debt instruments(2)                                                                                  -              78          -              114
                        Total other financial assets                                                                     697                371      854              446


                        Other financial liabilities
                        Measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Environmental scheme surrender obligations                                                        314                 -      354                  -
                        Total other financial liabilities                                                                314                  -      354                  -

                    (1) Investments the Group intends to hold for the long term for strategic purposes.
                    (2) Relates to amounts owing to Origin in relation to a gas storage project, net of allowance for impairment.




   118
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    D Capital, funding and risk management
                    This section focuses on the Group’s capital structure and related financing costs. Information is also presented about how the Group
                    manages capital, and the various financial risks the Group is exposed to through its operating and financing activities.

                    D .1 C APITAL MANAGE M EN T

                    The Group’s objective when managing capital is to make disciplined capital allocation decisions between investment in growth,
                    distributions to shareholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure while maintaining access to capital. Management believes that a
                    strong investment-grade credit rating is required to meet these objectives. Accordingly, the Group monitors its capital structure principally
                    via an adjusted net debt to adjusted underlying EBITDA ratio (target range of 2.0x to 3.0x). This target is consistent with maintaining a
                    strong investment-grade rating. The Group’s current credit rating is Baa2 (stable outlook) from Moody’s.

                    Alongside maintaining an investment grade credit rating, the following key factors are also considered in determining the Group’s capital
                    structure and funding strategy at any point in time: expected operating cash flows; capital expenditure plans; the maturity profile of
                    existing debt facilities; the dividend policy; and the ability to access funding from banks, capital markets and other sources.




For personal use only
                    The Group monitors its current and future funding requirements for at least the next five years and regularly assesses a range of funding
                    alternatives to meet these requirements in advance of when the funds are required.

                    Net debt, which excludes cash held by Origin to fund APLNG-related operations, is adjusted to reflect the effect of foreign exchange
                    hedging transactions on the Group’s foreign currency debt obligations.

                    The adjusted net debt to adjusted underlying EBITDA ratio is calculated as adjusted net debt divided by adjusted underlying EBITDA
                    over the relevant rolling 12‑month period. Adjusted underlying EBITDA is calculated as Origin’s underlying EBITDA, less Origin’s share
                    of APLNG underlying EBITDA and Origin’s share of Octopus Energy underlying EBITDA, plus dividends received from APLNG including
                    associated franking credits.

                    Underlying EBITDA is a non-statutory (non-IFRS) measure.

                                                                                                                                                             2026                  2025
                                                                                                                                                                $m                    $m

                        Borrowings                                                                                                                            3,811                4,338
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                                                      1,175                 504
                        Total interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                                   4,986                 4,842
                        Less: Cash and cash equivalents excluding APLNG-related cash(1)                                                                         (113)                 (87)
                        Net debt                                                                                                                             4,873                 4,755
                        Fair value adjustments on foreign exchange hedging transactions                                                                          (21)                (101)
                        Adjusted net debt                                                                                                                    4,852                 4,654
                        Total equity                                                                                                                         10,134                 9,919
                        Total capital                                                                                                                       14,986                14,573
                        Ratio of adjusted net debt to adjusted underlying EBITDA(2)                                                                             1.6x                  1.7x

                    (1) This balance excludes $194 million (2025: $74 million) of cash held by Origin, as upstream operator, to fund APLNG-related operations.
                    (2) Adjusted underlying EBITDA includes franking credits of $391 million (2025: $342 million) attached to dividends received from APLNG. The comparative period has been
                        restated on a consistent basis.


                    D EB T REFINA NCIN G AN D E X T E N S I O N
                    On 1 October 2025, Origin extended the tenor of two bank facilities that were previously maturing in the 2027 financial year to new
                    facilities maturing in the 2030 and 2031 financial years. The total facility capacity was also increased by A$265 million to A$1,550 million.

                    On 1 June 2026, Origin extended the tenor of A$350 million bank guarantee facilities from the 2027 financial year to the 2029
                    financial year.




                                                                                                                                                                                               119
                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report




                    D .2 I NTEREST-BEA RI N G LI A B I L I T I ES

                                                                                                                                            2026                  2025
                                                                                                                                               $m                   $m

                        Current
                        Capital market borrowings – unsecured                                                                                     -                   -
                        Total current borrowings                                                                                                  -                   -
                        Lease liabilities – secured                                                                                            121                  76
                        Total current interest-bearing liabilities                                                                             121                  76


                        Non-current
                        Bank loans – unsecured                                                                                               1,258                1,669
                        Capital market borrowings – unsecured                                                                                2,553                2,669




For personal use only
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                                                         3,811                4,338
                        Lease liabilities – secured                                                                                          1,054                 428
                        Total non-current interest-bearing liabilities                                                                      4,865                 4,766


                    Borrowings are initially recorded at the amount of proceeds received (fair value) less transaction costs. After that date, the liability is
                    amortised to face value at maturity using an effective interest rate method.

                    Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of future lease payments discounted at the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.
                    Where a lease includes termination and/or extension options, the impact of these options on the amount of future payments is included
                    where exercise of such options is considered reasonably certain to occur. Interest expense is charged on outstanding lease liabilities that
                    reduce over time as periodic payments are made.

                    The lease liability is remeasured when certain events occur, including changes in the lease term or future lease payments, such as those
                    resulting from inflation-linked indexation or market rate rent reviews. On remeasurement of lease liabilities, a corresponding adjustment is
                    made to the ROU asset.

                    The contractual maturity of lease liabilities is disclosed within the liquidity table in note D.5.

                    The contractual maturities of non-current borrowings are set out below.

                                                                                                                                            2026                  2025
                                                                                                                                               $m                   $m

                        One to two years                                                                                                       497                 447
                        Two to five years                                                                                                    2,218                2,501
                        Over five years                                                                                                      1,096                1,390
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                                                         3,811                4,338


                    Some of the Group’s borrowings are subject to terms that allow the lender to call on the debt in the event of a breach of covenants. The
                    Group is required to comply with financial covenants at the end of each annual and interim reporting period. As at 30 June 2026, the
                    Group’s borrowings were in compliance with covenants, there are no indications that the Group will have difficulty complying with the
                    covenants when they are next tested, and the likelihood of a breach of covenants occurring is considered remote.




  120
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    D .3 CO NTRIBUTED E Q UI T Y

                                                                                                           2026                  2025                2026                 2025
                                                                                                        Number of shares                                   $m
                        Ordinary share capital
                        Opening balance                                                            1,722,747,671         1,722,747,671                6,913               6,913


                        Less treasury shares:
                        Opening balance                                                               (6,813,689)          (4,984,463)                  (72)                 (52)
                        Shares purchased on market                                                   (9,120,058)           (7,770,000)                 (109)                 (82)
                        Utilisation of treasury shares on vesting of employee share schemes
                        and DRP                                                                      10,918,920             5,940,774                   124                  62
                        Total treasury shares                                                         (5,014,827)           (6,813,689)                 (57)                 (72)
                        Closing balance                                                           1,717,732,844        1,715,933,982                 6,856                6,841




For personal use only
                    OR D I NARY SHARE S
                    Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as determined from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
                    shareholders’ meetings. In the event of the winding up of the Group, ordinary shareholders rank after creditors, and are fully entitled to any
                    proceeds of liquidation. The Group does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares.

                    TR E ASURY SH ARE S
                    Where the Group or other members of the Group purchase shares in the Company, the consideration paid is deducted from the total
                    shareholders’ equity and the shares are treated as treasury shares until they are subsequently sold, reissued or cancelled. Treasury shares
                    are purchased primarily for use on vesting of employee share schemes and the DRP. Shares are accounted for at a weighted average cost.

                    D .4 RESE RVES

                    A CCUMULATED PR OF I TS RE S E R V E
                    The reserve has been established to record profits available for future distribution by the Company.

                    D .5 FINANC IA L RIS K M AN A G E M E N T

                    OV E RVIEW
                    The Group’s day-to-day operations, new investment opportunities and funding activities introduce financial risks, over which the Board
                    Audit and Risk Committee has oversight. These risks are grouped into the following categories:
                    •    Credit: The risk that a counterparty will not fulfil its financial obligations under a contract or other arrangement.
                    •    Market: The risk that fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates will adversely impact the
                         Group’s result.
                    •    Liquidity: The risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.

                        Risk                  Sources               Risk management framework                       Financial exposure
                        Credit                Sale of goods         The Board approves credit risk                  Notes C.1, C.5 and D.6 disclose the carrying amounts of
                                              and services and      management policies that determine the          financial assets, which represent the Group’s maximum
                                              hedging activities    level of exposure it is prepared to             exposure to credit risk at the reporting date. The Group
                                                                    accept. Credit limits are allocated to          utilises International Swaps and Derivative Association
                                                                    counterparties based on publicly available      (ISDA) agreements to limit exposure to credit risk
                                                                    credit information from recognised              by netting amounts receivable from and payable to
                                                                    providers where available.                      individual counterparties (refer to note G.8).
                        Market                Purchase and sale     The Board approves policies that ensure         See below for further discussion of market risk.
                                              of commodities and    the Group is not exposed to excess
                                              funding risks         risk from market volatility. These policies
                                                                    include active hedging of price and
                                                                    volume exposures within prescribed cash
                                                                    flow at risk and value at risk limits.
                        Liquidity             Ongoing business      The Group centrally manages its liquidity       Analysis of the Group’s liquidity profile as at the reporting
                                              obligations and new   position through cash flow forecasting          date is presented at the end of this section.
                                              investment            and maintenance of minimum levels of
                                              opportunities         liquidity determined by the Board. The
                                                                    debt portfolio is periodically reviewed to
                                                                    ensure there is funding flexibility and an
                                                                    appropriate maturity profile.




                                                                                                                                                                                    121
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    D .5 F INANCIAL RIS K M AN A G EM EN T ( C O N T I NU E D )

                    MA R KET RISK
                    The scope of the Group’s operations and activities exposes it to multiple market risks. The table below summarises these risks by nature of
                    exposure and provides information about the risk mitigation strategies being applied.

                        Nature               Sources of financial exposure                                        Risk management strategy
                        Commodity price      Future commercial transactions and recognised assets and             Due to vertical integration, a significant portion of the
                                             liabilities exposed to changes in electricity, oil, gas, coal or     Group’s spot electricity purchases from the NEM are
                                             environmental scheme certificate prices                              naturally hedged by generation sales into the NEM at
                                                                                                                  spot prices. The Group manages its remaining exposure
                                                                                                                  to commodity price fluctuations within Board-approved
                                                                                                                  limits using a mix of commercial contracts, such as fixed-
                                                                                                                  price purchase contracts, and derivative instruments as
                                                                                                                  described below.
                        Foreign exchange     Foreign-denominated borrowings and investments and future            The Group limits its exposure to changes in foreign




For personal use only
                                             foreign currency denominated commercial transactions                 exchange rates through forward foreign exchange
                                                                                                                  contracts and cross-currency interest rate swaps
                                                                                                                  (CCIRSs). In certain circumstances, borrowings are
                                                                                                                  left in a foreign currency, or swapped from one
                                                                                                                  foreign currency to another, to hedge expected future
                                                                                                                  business cash flows in that currency. Significant foreign-
                                                                                                                  denominated transactions undertaken in the normal
                                                                                                                  course of operations are managed on a case-by-
                                                                                                                  case basis.
                        Interest rate        Variable-rate borrowings (cash flow risk) and fixed-rate             Interest rate exposures are kept within an acceptable
                                             borrowings (fair value risk)                                         range as determined by the Board. Risk limits are
                                                                                                                  managed through a combination of fixed-rate and fixed-
                                                                                                                  to-floating interest rate swaps.


                    D ERIV ATI VE S TO MANAGE M A R K E T R I S K S
                    Derivative instruments are contracts with values that are derived from an underlying price index, or other variable, that require little or no
                    initial net investment, and that are settled at a future date.

                    The Group uses the following types of derivative instruments to mitigate market risk.

                        Forwards             A contract documenting the underlying reference rate, such as benchmark price or exchange rate, to be paid or received on
                                             a notional principal obligation at a future date.
                        Futures              An exchange-traded contract to buy or sell an asset for an agreed price at a future date. Futures are net-settled in cash
                                             without physical delivery of the underlying asset.
                        Swaps                A contract in which two parties exchange a series of cash flows for another, such as a fixed-for-floating interest rate.
                        Options              A contract in which the buyer has the right, but not the obligation, to buy (a call option) or sell (a put option) an instrument
                                             at a fixed price in the future. The seller has the corresponding obligation to fulfil the transaction if the buyer exercises
                                             the option.
                        Structured           A non-standardised contract, generally with an energy market participant, to acquire long-term capacity. These contracts
                        electricity products typically contain features similar to swaps and call options.
                        Power Purchase    A contract in which two parties agree to settle the difference between a fixed price and the spot electricity price (similar to a
                        Agreements (PPAs) swap). Typically, these contracts are long-term and either include a fixed notional electricity volume or reference the output
                                          of a specific generation asset.


                    Derivatives are carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Movements in the price of the underlying variables, which cause the value of the
                    contract to fluctuate, are reflected in the fair value of the derivative.




   122
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    D .5 F INANCIAL RIS K M AN A G EM EN T ( C O N T I NU E D )

                                                                                                               Assets                                 Liabilities
                        $m                                                                               Current        Non-current              Current        Non-current

                        2026
                        Economic hedges
                        Commodity contracts                                                                   221                  119               (480)               (538)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                            18                   11                (16)                 (2)
                        Total economic hedges                                                                 239                 130                (496)               (540)


                        Accounting hedges
                        Commodity contracts                                                                   263                  154               (277)                 (92)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                             -                  13                  (2)                   -




For personal use only
                        Total accounting hedges                                                               263                 167                (279)                 (92)
                        Total                                                                                502                  297                (775)               (632)


                        2025
                        Economic hedges
                        Commodity contracts                                                                   397                 438                (494)               (543)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                           22                    5                 (15)                   -
                        Total economic hedges                                                                 419                 443                (509)               (543)


                        Accounting hedges
                        Commodity contracts                                                                   238                   75                (80)                  (4)
                        Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts                                            4                   65                   -                    -
                        Total accounting hedges                                                              242                  140                 (80)                  (4)
                        Total                                                                                 661                 583                (589)               (547)


                    The method of recognising changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated in an accounting hedge relationship.
                    Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges are referred to as economic hedges.

                    Fair value gains and losses attributable to economic hedges are recognised in the income statement and resulted in a $462 million
                    loss (2025: $200 million loss) for the year. Fair value gains and losses attributable to accounting hedges are discussed in the Hedge
                    Accounting section.

                    HED G E AC C OUNT ING
                    At 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2026 all derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships are cash flow hedges, as detailed below.

                        Cash flow hedge
                        Objective of hedging arrangement                        To hedge our exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognised asset or liability, or a
                                                                                highly probable forecast transaction caused by commodity price, interest rate and foreign
                                                                                currency movements.
                        Effective hedge portion                                 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow
                                                                                hedges are recognised in the hedge reserve.
                        Hedge ineffectiveness                                   Certain determinants of fair value, such as credit charges included in derivatives, or
                                                                                mismatches between the timing of the instrument and the underlying item in the
                                                                                hedge relationship, can cause hedge ineffectiveness. Any ineffectiveness is recognised
                                                                                immediately in profit or loss as a change in the fair value of derivatives.
                        Hedged item sold or repaid                              Amounts accumulated in the hedge reserve are transferred immediately to profit or loss.
                        Hedging instrument expires, is sold, is terminated or   The amount previously deferred in the hedge reserve is only transferred to profit or loss
                        no longer qualifies for hedge accounting                when the hedged item is also recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                                                  123
                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report




                    D .5 F INANCIAL RIS K M AN A G EM EN T ( C O N T I NU E D )
                    Cash flow hedges

                    A number of derivative contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange, interest rate
                    and commodity price fluctuations. Designated derivatives include swaps, options, futures and forwards.

                    The Group’s structured electricity products and PPAs though important to the overall risk management strategy, do not qualify for hedge
                    accounting. As such, they are not represented in the summary information below.

                                                                                                Foreign exchange
                        2026                                                                            & interest                       Electricity            Crude oil, gas & propane
                        Nominal hedge volumes                                                              EUR 600m                             8.0 TWh         3,086k barrels (ICE Brent);
                                                                                                            USD 42m                                                  (180k) barrels (JCC);
                                                                                                                                                                          14.1 tBtu (JKM);
                                                                                                                                                                          (3.8) tBtu (TTF);
                                                                                                                                                                         105.5k mt (A9N)




For personal use only
                        Hedge rates                                                               AUD/EUR 0.62;                 A$18-A$292/MWh               US$63-US$85/bbl (ICE Brent);
                                                                                              AUD/USD 0.65-0.67;                                                       US$88/bbl (JCC);
                                                                                                      Fixed 3.2%                                               US$9-US$17/MMBtu (JKM);
                                                                                                                                                               US$9-US$12/MMBtu (TTF);
                                                                                                                                                                US$477-US$715/mt (A9N)
                        Timing of cash flows – up to                                                Sep 2029 (EUR);                         Aug 2031                 Oct 2027 (ICE Brent);
                                                                                                     Jun 2027 (USD)                                                      Sep 2026 (JCC);
                                                                                                                                                                         Dec 2028 (JKM);
                                                                                                                                                                          Sep 2026 (TTF);
                                                                                                                                                                          Dec 2029 (A9N)



                                                                                         Foreign                                                        Share of equity
                                                                                      exchange &                                 Crude oil, gas             accounted
                        Carrying amounts - $m                                            interest             Electricity           & propane                 investee              Total
                        Hedging instrument – assets(1)                                             13                   327                      90                   -               430
                        Hedging instrument – liabilities(1)                                        (2)                (237)                     (132)                 -              (371)
                        Hedge reserve(2)                                                           15                   (90)                       3                 (9)               (81)
                        Fair value increase/(decrease) - $m
                        Hedging instrument                                                       (58)                   (151)                    (30)                 -              (239)
                        Hedged item                                                               58                     151                     30                   -               239
                        Hedge ineffectiveness(3)                                                    -                      -                       -                  -                  -


                        Reconciliation of hedge reserve - $m
                        Effective portion of hedge gains/(losses)                                 (10)                    21                     46                   -                57
                        Transfer of deferred losses/(gains) to:
                        – Cost of sales                                                            11                  (172)                     (32)                 -              (193)
                        – Finance costs                                                           20                       -                       -                  -                20
                        Tax on above items                                                         (6)                   45                       (4)                 -                35
                        Share of equity accounted investees cash flow
                        hedge movements                                                             -                      -                       -                 9                   9
                        Change in hedge reserve (post-tax)                                         15                 (106)                       10                 9                (72)

                    (1) Hedging instruments are included in the derivatives balance in the statement of financial position.
                    (2) No hedges have been discontinued or de-designated in the current year.
                    (3) Hedge ineffectiveness is recognised within expenses in the income statement as a change in fair value of derivatives.




   124
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    D .5 F INANCIAL RIS K M AN A G EM EN T ( C O N T I NU E D )
                    The following is a summary of the Group’s market risk and the sensitivity of financial instrument fair values to reasonably possible changes
                    in market pricing at the reporting date.

                        Risk                            Exposure                                                  Relationship to financial instruments value
                        USD exchange rate               •   USD debt                                              A 10 per cent increase/decrease in the USD exchange rate
                                                                                                                  would increase/(decrease) profit or loss by $106 million
                                                        •   Foreign exchange and commodity derivatives with       (2025: $87 million) and equity by $1 million (2025:
                                                            USD pricing                                           ($28) million).
                        Euro exchange rate              •   Currency basis on the CCIRSs swapping euro debt       A 10 per cent increase/decrease in the EUR exchange
                                                            to AUD                                                rate would increase/(decrease) equity by $4 million (2025:
                                                                                                                  $4 million).
                        Interest rates                  •   Interest rate swaps                                   A 100 basis point increase/decrease in interest rates would
                                                                                                                  increase/(decrease) profit or loss by $11/($12) million (2025:
                                                        •   Long-term derivatives and other financial assets/     ($24)/$26 million) and equity by ($1)/$1 million (2025: ($5)/




For personal use only
                                                            liabilities for which discounting is significant      $5 million).
                        Electricity forward price       •   Commodity derivatives                                 A 10 per cent increase/decrease in electricity forward prices
                                                                                                                  would increase/(decrease) profit or loss by $6 million (2025:
                                                                                                                  $2 million) and equity by $28 million (2025: $19 million).
                        Oil and gas forward price       •   Commodity derivatives                                 A 10 per cent increase/decrease in oil and gas
                                                                                                                  forward prices would increase/(decrease) profit or loss by
                                                                                                                  ($65) million (2025: ($71) million) and equity by $78 million
                                                                                                                  (2025: $65 million).
                        Coal forward price              •   Commodity derivatives                                 A 10 per cent increase/decrease in coal forward prices
                                                                                                                  would increase/(decrease) profit or loss by $90 million
                                                                                                                  (2025: $83 million).
                        REC forward price               •   REC forwards                                          A 10 per cent increase/decrease in REC forward prices
                                                                                                                  would increase/(decrease) profit or loss by $4 million (2025:
                                                        •   Environmental scheme certificates                     $8 million).
                                                        •   Environmental scheme surrender obligations


                    LI QU IDITY RISK
                    The table below sets out the timing of the Group’s payment obligations, as compared to the receipts expected from the Group’s financial
                    assets, and available undrawn facilities. Amounts are presented on an undiscounted basis and include cash flows not recorded on the
                    statement of financial position, such as interest payments for borrowings.

                        2026                                                                                Less than       One to two         Two to five                Over
                        $m                                                                                   one year            years              years            five years
                        Bank loans and capital markets borrowings                                                   (141)           (635)            (2,536)                (1,151)
                        Lease liabilities                                                                          (180)             (159)             (419)                (794)
                        Net other financial assets/liabilities                                                      657                16                 9                  257
                                                                                                                   336              (778)           (2,946)              (1,688)
                        Derivative liabilities                                                                     (753)            (257)              (223)                (201)
                        Derivative assets                                                                           487              207                194                       -
                                                                                                                  (266)              (50)               (29)                (201)
                        Net liquidity exposure                                                                         70           (828)            (2,975)             (1,889)


                    At 30 June 2026, the Group had $113 million of cash and $2,901 million in committed undrawn floating rate borrowing facilities expiring
                    beyond one year. The cash balance excludes $194 million of cash held by Origin, as upstream operator, to fund APLNG-related operations.

                        2025                                                                             Less than             One to               Two to                Over
                        $m                                                                                one year           two years           five years          five years
                        Bank loans and capital markets borrowings                                               (136)              (581)             (2,854)             (1,530)
                        Lease liabilities                                                                        (111)             (107)               (177)                (250)
                        Net other financial assets/liabilities                                                   777                 54                  34                  257
                                                                                                                530               (634)             (2,997)              (1,523)
                        Derivative liabilities                                                                  (599)              (176)               (144)                (206)
                        Derivative assets                                                                       672                 328                 654                   241
                                                                                                                  73                152                 510                    35
                        Net liquidity exposure                                                                  603               (482)             (2,487)              (1,488)


                    At 30 June 2025, the Group had $87 million of cash and $2,235 million in committed undrawn floating rate borrowing facilities expiring
                    beyond one year. The cash balance excludes $74 million of cash held by Origin, as upstream operator, to fund APLNG-related operations.

                                                                                                                                                                                      125
                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report




                    D .6 FAIR VAL UE O F FI N AN C I A L A S SE T S A ND L I A B I L I T I E S
                    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are grouped into the following categories based on the level of observable market
                    data used in determining that fair value.
                    •    Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets, such as exchange-traded derivatives, is the quoted market price
                         at the end of the reporting period. These instruments are included in Level 1.
                    •    Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market, such as over-the-counter derivatives, is
                         determined using valuation techniques that maximise the use of observable market data. If all significant inputs required to measure
                         the fair value of an instrument are observable, either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices), the instrument is included in
                         level 2.
                    •    Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs required to fair value an instrument is not based on observable market data, the
                         instrument is included in Level 3.

                    For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether
                    transfers should occur between levels in the hierarchy based on an assessment of any changes in the source and observability of
                    significant inputs used in fair value measurements at the end of each reporting period.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Level 1       Level 2        Level 3          Total
                        2026                                                                              Note        $m            $m             $m              $m
                        Derivative financial assets                                                       D.5          153           627              19           799
                        Other financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Settlement Residue Distribution Agreement units                                   C.5           58              -              -            58
                        Environmental scheme certificates                                                 C.5          314              -              -           314
                        Investment fund units                                                             C.5             -            72              -            72
                        Debt and other securities                                                         C.5             -             -           300           300
                        Equity securities                                                                 C.5            6              -              -              6
                        Other financial assets measured at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income(1)
                        Equity securities                                                                 C.5           78              -              6            84
                        Financial assets carried at fair value                                                        609            699            325          1,633


                        Derivative financial liabilities                                                  D.5         (125)         (784)          (498)        (1,407)
                        Other financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Environmental scheme surrender obligations                                        C.5         (314)             -              -          (314)
                        Financial liabilities carried at fair value                                                   (439)         (784)          (498)        (1,721)

                    (1) Investments the Group intends to hold for the long term for strategic purposes.


                                                                                                                   Level 1       Level 2        Level 3          Total
                        2025                                                                              Note        $m            $m             $m              $m
                        Derivative financial assets                                                       D.5          231           705            308          1,244
                        Other financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Settlement Residue Distribution Agreement units                                   C.5          140              -              -           140
                        Environmental scheme certificates                                                 C.5          492              -              -           492
                        Investment fund units                                                             C.5             -            68              -            68
                        Debt and other securities                                                         C.5             -             -            116            116
                        Equity securities                                                                 C.5            7              -              -              7
                        Other financial assets measured at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income(1)
                        Equity securities                                                                 C.5           66              -             16            82
                        Financial assets carried at fair value                                                        936            773           440           2,149


                        Derivative financial liabilities                                                  D.5         (167)         (490)          (479)         (1,136)
                        Other financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Environmental scheme surrender obligations                                        C.5         (354)             -              -          (354)
                        Financial liabilities carried at fair value                                                   (521)         (490)          (479)        (1,490)

                    (1) Investments the Group intends to hold for the long term for strategic purposes.




   126
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    D .6 FAIR VAL UE O F FI N AN C I A L A S SE T S A ND L I A B I L I T I E S ( C O N T I N U E D )
                    The following table shows a reconciliation of movements in the fair value of Level 3 instruments during the year.

                        2026                                                                                                                                                        $m

                        Balance as at 1 July 2025                                                                                                                                   (39)
                        New instruments recognised in the year(1)                                                                                                                  202
                        Instruments derecognised in the year(2)                                                                                                                      (7)
                        Net cash settlements paid/(received)                                                                                                                         96
                        Gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                                                     (20)
                        Gains/(losses) recognised in profit or loss
                        Change in fair value                                                                                                                                       (309)
                        Cost of sales                                                                                                                                               (96)




For personal use only
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026                                                                                                                                 (173)


                        2025
                        Balance as at 1 July 2024                                                                                                                                   (73)
                        New instruments recognised in the year                                                                                                                       13
                        Instruments derecognised in the year                                                                                                                         (4)
                        Net cash settlements paid/(received)                                                                                                                        (59)
                        Gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                                                     (42)
                        Gains/(losses) recognised in profit or loss
                        Change in fair value                                                                                                                                         67
                        Cost of sales                                                                                                                                                59
                        Balance as at 30 June 2025                                                                                                                                  (39)

                    (1) Includes $190 million relating to the consideration from the agreement to waive exclusivity to the Kraken platform. Refer to note B.5.
                    (2) Includes $7 million derecognised relating to battery offtake agreements. Refer to the Overview for further details.


                    V AL UATION TECH NI Q U ES U S E D T O D E T E R M I NE F AI R V A L U E S
                    The various techniques used to value the Group’s financial instruments are summarised in the following table. To the maximum extent
                    possible, valuations are based on assumptions that are supported by independent and observable market data. For instruments that settle
                    more than 12 months from the reporting date, cash flows are discounted at the applicable market yield, adjusted to reflect the credit risk of
                    the specific counterparty.

                        Instrument                               Fair value methodology
                        Financial instruments traded in          Quoted market prices at reporting date.
                        active markets
                        Interest rate swaps and CCIRSs           Present value of expected future cash flows, including interest, based on observable yield curves and forward
                                                                 exchange rates at reporting date.
                        Forward foreign                          Present value of future cash flows based on observable forward exchange rates at reporting date.
                        exchange contracts
                        Electricity, oil and other               Present value of expected future cash flows based on observable forward commodity price curves, where
                        commodity derivatives (not               available. The majority of the Group’s level 3 instruments are structured electricity products and PPAs which
                        traded in active markets)                further detail on the significant unobservable inputs is included below.
                        Other financial instruments              Discounted cash flow analysis or market comparison and inference based on comparable transactions or
                                                                 prices for comparable instruments.
                        Long-term borrowings                     Present value of future contract cash flows.


                    FA I R VALUE MEAS UR EM E N T S U S I N G S I G N I F IC A NT U N O B S E R V A B L E I N P U T S ( L E V E L 3 )
                    The following is a summary of the Group’s level 3 financial instruments, the significant inputs for which market observable data is
                    unavailable, and the sensitivity of the estimated fair values to the assumptions applied by management.

                        Instrument                Unobservable inputs                                                        Relationship to fair value
                        Electricity derivatives   Forward electricity swap price curve on a per contract basis               A 10 per cent increase/decrease in the unobservable
                                                                                                                             inputs would increase/(decrease) profit or loss by
                                                  Forward electricity cap price curve on a per contract basis                $99 million (2025: $307 million).




                                                                                                                                                                                           127
                                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    D .6 FAIR VAL UE O F FI N AN C I A L A S SE T S A ND L I A B I L I T I E S ( C O N T I N U E D )

                    D A Y 1 FAIR VALUE A DJ US T ME NT S
                    For certain complex financial instruments, such as structured electricity products, the fair value that is determined at inception of the
                    contract using unobservable inputs does not equal the transaction price. When this occurs, the difference is deferred to the statement
                    of financial position and recognised in the income statement over the life of the contract in a manner consistent with the valuation
                    methodology initially applied.

                                                                                                                                                                                             $m
                        Reconciliation of net deferred gain
                        Balance as at 1 July 2025                                                                                                                                            653
                        Value recognised in the income statement                                                                                                                             (34)
                        Instruments derecognised in the year(1)                                                                                                                             (414)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026                                                                                                                                          205




For personal use only
                        Classification of net deferred gain
                        Derivative assets                                                                                                                                                      (1)
                        Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                                               206
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026                                                                                                                                          205

                    (1) Represents a net deferred gain of $414 million derecognised relating to battery offtake agreements. Refer to the Overview for further details.


                    Financial instruments are classified as assets or liabilities based on the position of the instrument’s net fair value which includes deferred
                    gains or losses.

                    FI N ANC IAL INSTRUM EN TS M E A S U R E D A T AM O R T I SE D C O S T
                    Except as noted below, the carrying amounts of non-current financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are reasonable
                    approximations of their fair values.

                    The table below reflects debt instruments reported within non-current interest-bearing liabilities on the balance sheet. Non-current lease
                    liabilities, which are also reported within non-current interest-bearing liabilities are excluded. The fair value of these financial instruments
                    reflects the present value of expected future cash flows based on market pricing data for the relevant underlying interest and foreign
                    exchange rates. Cash flows are discounted at the applicable credit-adjusted market yield.

                                                                                                                     Carrying value                                      Fair value

                                                                                      Fair value                       2026                   2025                   2026                  2025
                                                                                   hierarchy level                        $m                     $m                       $m                  $m
                        Liabilities
                        Bank loans – unsecured                                              2                           1,258                 1,669                      1,301              1,729
                        Capital markets borrowings – unsecured                              2                          2,553                  2,669                  2,469                 2,594
                        Total                                                                                           3,811                 4,338                  3,770                 4,323




   128
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    E Taxation
                    This section provides details of the Group’s income tax expense, current tax provision, deferred tax balances and tax accounting policies.

                    E.1 I NC OME TAX EX PE NS E

                                                                                                                                             2026       2025
                                                                                                                                              $m           $m
                        Income tax
                        Current tax expense                                                                                                   278          212
                        Adjustments to current tax expense for previous years                                                                  (47)         (9)
                        Deferred tax expense                                                                                                  (140)        (87)
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                                91         116


                        Reconciliation between tax expense and pre-tax net profit




For personal use only
                        Profit before income tax                                                                                             1,665       1,596
                        Income tax using the domestic corporation tax rate of 30 per cent (2025: 30 per cent)
                        Prima facie income tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit:
                        – at Australian tax rate of 30 per cent                                                                               500         479
                        – adjustment for tax exempt charity (Origin Foundation Limited)                                                         (1)         (1)
                        Income tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit at standard rates                                                     499         478


                        Increase/(decrease) in income tax expense due to:
                        Share of results of equity accounted investees                                                                       (273)       (225)
                        Deferred tax liability utilisation – APLNG                                                                             (29)        (61)
                        LGC net shortfall refund                                                                                               (62)        (71)
                        Utilisation of prior year capital losses                                                                               (14)            -
                        Net capital gain amendment(1)                                                                                         (32)             -
                        Other                                                                                                                    2          (5)
                        Total decrease                                                                                                       (408)       (362)
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                                91         116


                        Deferred tax movements recognised directly in other comprehensive income and equity (including
                        foreign currency translation)
                        Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                   (35)         (80)
                        Other items                                                                                                              -           4
                                                                                                                                              (35)         (76)

                    (1) Relates to the finalisation of a private binding ruling issued by the Australian Taxation Office in December 2025.


                    The Company and its wholly owned Australian resident entities that met the membership requirement formed a tax-consolidated group
                    with effect from 1 July 2003. The head entity within the tax-consolidated group is Origin Energy Limited. Tax funding arrangement
                    amounts are recognised as inter-entity amounts.

                    Income tax expense is made up of current tax expense and deferred tax expense. Current tax expense represents the expected tax
                    payable on the taxable income for the year, using current tax rates and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
                    Deferred tax expense reflects the temporary differences between the accounting carrying amount of an asset or liability in the statement
                    of financial position and its tax base.

                    As a signatory to the Board of Taxation’s voluntary Tax Transparency Code, a Tax Contribution Report is published each year which details
                    how the Group meets its taxation obligations and taxes paid in the year. This report is available on the Company’s website once published.




                                                                                                                                                                   129
                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report




                    E.1 I NC OME TAX EX PE NS E ( C O NT I NU E D)

                    I NTERNATIONAL T AX RE FO R M – P I L L A R T WO MO D E L R U L E S
                    The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development Pillar Two rules have been enacted in Australia and became effective for
                    the Group from 1 July 2024. These rules seek to ensure large multinational groups pay an effective minimum tax rate of 15 per cent for
                    each jurisdiction in which they operate.

                    The Group has applied the mandatory exception in AASB 112 Income Taxes to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax
                    assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes. No current tax expense has been recognised in relation to Pillar Two income taxes
                    for the year ended 30 June 2026, as the Group has satisfied the relevant safe harbour or its effective tax rate exceeded 15 per cent in each
                    jurisdiction in which it operates.



                          K EY JUDGE MEN T S AN D E S T I M A T E S
                          Tax balances: Tax balances reflect a current understanding and interpretation of existing tax laws. Uncertainty arises due to




For personal use only
                          the possibility that changes in tax law or other future circumstances can impact the tax balances recognised in the financial
                          statements. Ultimate outcomes may vary.

                          Deferred taxes: The recognition of deferred tax balances requires judgement as to whether it is probable such balances will be
                          utilised and/or reversed in the foreseeable future and there will be sufficient future taxable profits against which the benefits can
                          be utilised.

                          Deferred tax balances arise when there are temporary differences between accounting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A
                          deferred tax liability is recognised for equity accounted investees when the Group is not able to control the timing of the reversal of
                          the temporary difference or it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future.

                          The accounting carrying value of the Group’s investment in APLNG is significantly higher than the tax cost base, primarily as a
                          result of the equity accounted share of retained earnings to date.

                          A deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of the investment in APLNG. It is measured based on the forecast
                          distributions to Origin via dividends from APLNG in the foreseeable future that are expected to be paid out of carried forward
                          equity accounted retained earnings. The forecast distributions mean that it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse,
                          and consequently the deferred tax liability is recognised. In determining the forecast distributions from APLNG, the Group’s
                          assessment of future cash flows considers a range of macroeconomic and project assumptions, including oil and LNG prices,
                          AUD/USD exchange rates, discount rates and costs over the asset’s life.

                          At 30 June 2026, a deferred tax liability of $523 million (2025: $552 million) has been recognised relating to the investment in
                          APLNG. The remaining unbooked balance is not expected to reverse in the foreseeable future through the payment of future
                          dividends, through sale or through a capital return. The unrecognised portion is disclosed in note E.2.



                    Income tax expense recognised in other comprehensive income

                                                                                                               2026                              2025
                        $m                                                                          Gross          Tax        Net      Gross         Tax           Net

                        Investment valuation changes                                                     (1)          -         (1)       (14)          4           (10)


                        Foreign currency translation reserve:
                        Translation of foreign operations                                             (354)           -      (354)        167           -          167
                        Share of equity accounted investees translation of foreign operations            6            -          6           -          -             -


                        Cash flow hedges:
                        Reclassified to income statement                                               (173)        52        (121)      (359)       108          (251)
                        Effective portion of change in fair value                                       57         (17)        40         106        (32)           74
                        Share of equity accounted investees cash flow hedge movements                    9            -          9           -          -             -
                        Other comprehensive income for the year                                       (456)         35       (421)       (100)        80           (20)




  130
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    E.2 DEF ERRED TAX
                    Deferred tax balances arise when there are temporary differences between accounting carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and
                    liabilities, other than where:
                    •    the difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and affects
                         neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
                    •    temporary differences relate to investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint arrangements, to the extent the Group is
                         able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable
                         future; and
                    •    temporary differences arise on initial recognition of goodwill.

                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or the
                    liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

                    A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset
                    can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced if it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.




For personal use only
                    Movement in temporary differences during the year

                                                                                                                                                             Acquisition
                        Asset/(liability)                      1 July Recognised Recognised                      30 June Recognised              Recognised            of               30 June
                        $m                                     2024     in income  in equity                       2025    in income               in equity subsidiaries                 2026

                        Employee benefits                          121               (14)                -              107                 4                  -                 1               112
                        Provisions                                 417                (4)                -              413               (12)                 -                 1               402
                        PP&E                                      (217)              (21)                -            (238)               (57)                 -                 -           (295)
                        Financial instruments at
                        fair value                                (121)               59               80                18              180                 35                  1               234
                        Investment in APLNG                       (613)               61                 -            (552)                29                  -                 -           (523)
                        APLNG MRCPS
                        elimination (refer to
                        note B.2.2)                                 32                 (1)               -               31                  -                 -                 -                31
                        Business-related costs
                        (deductible under
                        s.40-880 ITAA97)                            25                (5)                -               20                (7)                 -                 -                13
                        ROU assets                                (128)                4                 -             (124)            (200)                  -                 -           (324)
                        Lease liabilities                          153                 (1)               -              152              201                   -                 -               353
                        Intangible assets                          (20)                3                 -               (17)               4                  -               (13)              (26)
                        Other items                                  8                 6                (4)              10                (2)                 -                 -                 8
                        Net deferred tax liabilities             (343)                87               76             (180)              140                 35                (10)              (15)


                    Unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                                                                                                        $m                       $m

                        Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:
                        Revenue losses - non-Australian                                                                                                                    5                       5
                        Petroleum resource rent tax, net of income tax                                                                                                  119                      119
                        Acquisition transaction costs                                                                                                                    57                       57
                        Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 8                        8
                                                                                                                                                                        189                      189


                        Deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised in respect of the following items:
                        Investment in APLNG(1)                                                                                                                        (664)                  (705)
                                                                                                                                                                      (664)                  (705)

                    (1) The deferred tax liability in respect of the investment in APLNG has not been recognised in full during the year as not all of the temporary difference is expected to
                        reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        131
                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    F Group structure
                    The following section provides information on the Group’s structure and how this impacts the results of the Group as a whole, including
                    details of joint arrangements, associates, controlled entities, and changes made to the Group structure during the year.

                    F. 1 CO NTROL LED E NT I TI E S

                    The financial statements of the Group include the consolidation of Origin Energy Limited and its controlled entities. Controlled entities are
                    the following entities controlled by the parent entity (Origin Energy Limited).

                                                                                                                                                   Ownership interest per cent
                                                                                                                        Incorporated in                   2026             2025
                        Origin Energy Limited                                                                           Australia
                        Origin Energy Power Limited(1)                                                                  Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy SWC Limited(1)                                                                  Australia                           100              100




For personal use only
                          Sun Spot 5 Pty Ltd                                                                            Australia                           100              100
                          Sun Spot 6 Pty Ltd                                                                            Australia                           100              100
                          Yarrabee Project Co Pty Ltd                                                                   Australia                           100              100
                          Yarrabee Project Trust                                                                        Australia                           100              100
                           Yarrabee One Pty Ltd                                                                         Australia                           100              100
                           Yarrabee One Trust                                                                           Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy Wind North Pty Ltd                                                              Australia                           100              100
                           Navigator North Holding Pty Ltd                                                              Australia                            80                80
                             Navigator North Project Pty Ltd                                                            Australia                            80                80
                          Origin Energy Wind North Trust                                                                Australia                           100              100
                           Navigator North Holding Trust                                                                Australia                            80                80
                             Navigator North Project Trust                                                              Australia                            80                80
                          Origin Energy Wind South Pty Ltd                                                              Australia                           100              100
                           Navigator South Holding Pty Ltd                                                              Australia                            80                80
                             Navigator South Project Pty Ltd                                                            Australia                            80                80
                          Origin Energy Wind South Trust                                                                Australia                           100              100
                           Navigator South Holding Trust                                                                Australia                            80                80
                             Navigator South Project Trust                                                              Australia                            80                80
                          Origin Energy Wind East Pty Ltd                                                               Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy Wind East Trust                                                                 Australia                           100              100
                          Usses Pty Ltd                                                                                 Australia                           100              100
                           Templers Energy Trust                                                                        Australia                           100              100
                          Templers Energy Pty Ltd                                                                       Australia                           100              100
                          Northern Tablelands WF Holding Pty Ltd                                                        Australia                           100              100
                           Northern Tablelands WF Project Pty Ltd                                                       Australia                           100              100
                          Northern Tablelands WF Holding Trust                                                          Australia                           100              100
                           Northern Tablelands WF Project Trust                                                         Australia                           100              100
                          Kerrawary Holding Pty Ltd                                                                     Australia                           100              100
                           Kerrawary Project Pty Ltd                                                                    Australia                           100              100
                          Kerrawary Holding Trust                                                                       Australia                           100              100
                           Kerrawary Project Trust                                                                      Australia                           100              100
                          WalchaEnergy Pty Ltd                                                                          Australia                           100              100
                          WalchaEnergy Unit Trust                                                                       Australia                           100              100
                           SalisburySolar Pty Ltd                                                                       Australia                           100              100
                           RubyHillsWind Pty Ltd                                                                        Australia                           100              100
                           WalchaLink Pty Ltd                                                                           Australia                           100              100
                           UrallaHub Pty Ltd                                                                            Australia                           100              100
                           BrackendaleWind Pty Ltd                                                                      Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy Eraring Pty Limited(1)                                                          Australia                           100              100
                           Origin Energy Eraring Services Pty Limited(1)                                                Australia                           100              100

                    (1) Entered into ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and related Deed of Cross Guarantee with Origin Energy Limited.




   132
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    F. 1 CO NTROL LED E NT I TI E S ( C O NT I NU E D)

                                                                                                                                                   Ownership interest per cent
                                                                                                                        Incorporated in                   2026          2025
                         Origin Energy Battery Head Fund Pty Ltd                                                        Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Battery Fund Pty Ltd                                                           Australia                           100           100
                             Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Holding Pty Ltd                                            Australia                           100           100
                               Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Project Pty Ltd                                          Australia                           100           100
                             Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Holding Pty Ltd                                             Australia                           100           100
                               Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Project Pty Ltd                                           Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy Battery Head Fund Trust                                                          Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Battery Fund Trust                                                             Australia                           100           100
                             Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Holding Trust                                              Australia                           100           100
                               Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Project Trust                                            Australia                           100           100




For personal use only
                             Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Holding Trust                                               Australia                           100           100
                               Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Project Trust                                             Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy Renewable Head Fund Pty Ltd                                                      Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Renewable Fund Pty Ltd                                                         Australia                           100           100
                             Yanco Delta WF Holding Pty Ltd                                                             Australia                           100           100
                               Yanco Delta WF Project Pty Ltd                                                           Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy Renewable Head Fund Trust                                                        Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Renewable Fund Trust                                                           Australia                           100           100
                             Yanco Delta WF Holding Trust                                                               Australia                           100           100
                               Yanco Delta Wind Farm Pty Ltd                                                            Australia                           100           100
                               Yanco Delta WF Project Trust                                                             Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Finance Limited                                                                   Australia                           100           100
                        Huddart Parker Pty Limited(1)                                                                   Australia                           100           100
                        FRL Pty Ltd(1)                                                                                  Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Upstream Holdings Pty Ltd                                                         Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy Browse Pty Ltd                                                                   Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy West Pty Ltd                                                                     Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy C5 Pty Limited                                                                   Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy GBE Pty Ltd                                                                      Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy Future Fuels Pty Ltd                                                             Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Future Fuels (Avondale) Pty Ltd                                                Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Upstream Operator Pty Ltd                                                         Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Holdings Pty Limited(1)                                                           Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy Retail Limited(1)                                                                Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy (Vic) Pty Limited(1)                                                           Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Zero Investments Pty Ltd(1)                                                           Australia                           100           100
                             Origin Zero Investments 2 Pty Ltd                                                          Australia                           100              -
                           Origin Energy (TM) Pty Limited(1)                                                            Australia                           100           100
                           Cogent Energy Pty Ltd                                                                        Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Retail No. 1 Pty Limited                                                       Australia                           100           100
                             Origin Energy Retail No. 2 Pty Limited                                                     Australia                           100           100
                           SolarQuotes Home Electrification Pty Ltd                                                     Australia                           100           100
                           EL Retail Energy Pty Ltd                                                                     Australia                           100              -
                           1st Energy Pty Ltd                                                                           Australia                           100              -
                             Taz Connect Pty Ltd                                                                        Australia                           100              -
                           Origin Energy Commercial Embedded Networks Pty Limited                                       Australia                           100           100

                    (1) Entered into ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and related Deed of Cross Guarantee with Origin Energy Limited.




                                                                                                                                                                                 133
                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    F. 1 CO NTROL LED E NT I TI E S ( C O NT I NU E D)

                                                                                                                                                   Ownership interest per cent
                                                                                                                        Incorporated in                   2026             2025
                        Origin Energy Electricity Limited(1)                                                            Australia                           100              100
                          Eraring Gentrader Depositor Pty Limited                                                       Australia                           100              100
                          Sun Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                                                         Australia                           100              100
                          OE Power Pty Limited(1)                                                                       Australia                           100              100
                            Origin Energy Uranquinty Power Pty Ltd(1)                                                   Australia                           100              100
                          OC Energy Pty Ltd(1)                                                                          Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy Eraring Battery Pty Ltd                                                         Australia                           100              100
                          Ten Ants Connect Pty Ltd                                                                      Australia                           100              100
                          WINconnect Pty Ltd(1)                                                                         Australia                           100              100
                            Nextgen Utilities Pty Ltd                                                                   Australia                           100              100




For personal use only
                            Carbon Energy Management Technologies Pty Ltd                                               Australia                           100              100
                            LM Unit Trust (No 1)                                                                        Australia                           100              100
                          MyConnect Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                    Australia                           100              100
                            MyConnect Trading Pty Ltd                                                                   Australia                           100              100
                          1Bill Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                        Australia                           100              100
                            Thought World Pty Ltd                                                                       Australia                           100              100
                             1Bill Pty Ltd                                                                              Australia                           100              100
                             Thought World Investments Pty Ltd                                                          Australia                           100              100
                               Compare & Connect NZ Limited                                                             New Zealand                         100              100
                                 Fast Connect Limited                                                                   New Zealand                         100              100
                               Residential Connections Pty Ltd                                                          Australia                           100              100
                               YP Connect Pty Ltd                                                                       Australia                           100              100
                                 YourPorter Pty Ltd                                                                     Australia                           100              100
                                 YourPorter Unit Trust                                                                  Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy International Holdings Pty Limited                                                Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy PNG Holdings Limited(2)                                                           PNG                                 100              100
                        Origin Energy Tasmania Pty Limited(1)                                                           Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Contracting Limited(1)                                                            Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy LPG Limited(1)                                                                    Australia                           100              100
                          Origin (LGC) (Aust) Pty Limited(1)                                                            Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy SA Pty Limited(1)                                                               Australia                           100              100
                          Hylemit Pty Limited                                                                           Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy LPG Retail (NSW) Pty Limited                                                    Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy WA Pty Limited(1)                                                                 Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Services Limited(1)                                                               Australia                           100              100
                          OEL US Inc.                                                                                   USA                                 100              100
                        Origin Energy Asset Management Limited(1)                                                       Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Pipelines Pty Limited(1)                                                          Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd                                                       Singapore                           100              100
                        Angari Pty Limited(1)                                                                           Australia                           100              100
                        Oil Investments Pty Limited(1)                                                                  Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Southern Africa Holdings Pty Limited                                              Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Vietnam Pty Limited                                                               Australia                           100              100
                          Origin Energy Singapore Holdings Pte Limited                                                  Singapore                           100              100
                            Origin Energy (Song Hong) Pte Limited                                                       Singapore                           100              100
                        Origin Future Energy Pty Limited                                                                Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Metering Coordinator Pty Ltd                                                      Australia                           100              100
                        Origin Energy Resources NZ (Rimu) Limited                                                       New Zealand                         100              100

                    (1) Entered into ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and related Deed of Cross Guarantee with Origin Energy Limited.
                    (2) Controlled entity has a financial reporting period ending 31 December.




   134
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    F. 1 CO NTROL LED E NT I TI E S ( C O NT I NU E D)

                                                                                                                                                   Ownership interest per cent
                                                                                                                        Incorporated in                   2026          2025
                        Origin Energy VIC Holdings Pty Limited(1)                                                       Australia                           100           100
                        OE JV Co Pty Limited(1)                                                                         Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Energy LNG Holdings Pte Limited                                                         Singapore                              -          100
                         Origin Energy LNG Portfolio Pty Ltd(1)                                                         Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Australia Holding BV(2)                                                           Netherlands                         100           100
                         Origin Energy Mt Stuart BV(2)                                                                  Netherlands                         100           100
                           OE Mt Stuart General Partnership(2)                                                          N/A                                 100           100
                        Parbond Pty Limited                                                                             Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Foundation Ltd                                                                           Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Renewable Energy Investments No 1 Pty Ltd                                                Australia                           100           100




For personal use only
                        Origin Renewable Energy Investment Trust                                                        Australia                           100           100
                         Origin Renewable Energy Pty Ltd                                                                Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Geothermal Holdings Pty Ltd                                                    Australia                           100           100
                            Origin Energy Geothermal Pty Ltd                                                            Australia                           100           100
                            Origin Energy Chile Holdings Pty Limited                                                    Australia                           100           100
                           Origin Energy Wind Holdings Pty Ltd                                                          Australia                           100           100
                            Wind Power Pty Ltd                                                                          Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy People Services Pty Ltd(1)                                                        Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Upstream People Services Pty Ltd(1)                                               Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Executive Share Plan Trust(3)                                                     Australia                           100           100
                        Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust(3)                                                   Australia                           100           100

                    (1) Entered into ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 and related Deed of Cross Guarantee with Origin Energy Limited.
                    (2) Controlled entity has a financial reporting period ending 31 December.
                    (3) Holds assets on behalf of employees.


                    F. 2 C HANG ES IN CON TR OL L E D E N T I T I E S

                    On 24 September 2025, Origin Zero Investments 2 Pty Ltd, Emobility Finance Holding Pty Ltd, and Emobility Finance No. 1 Pty Ltd
                    were incorporated.

                    On 3 December 2025, EL Retail Energy Pty Ltd was acquired.

                    On 10 December 2025, Origin Energy Future Fuels Pty Ltd transferred its shares in Origin Energy Future Fuels (Gladstone) Pty Ltd to
                    Origin Energy Upstream Holdings Pty Ltd.

                    On 10 December 2025, Origin Energy Future Fuels (Gladstone) Pty Ltd changed its name to Origin Energy GBE Pty Ltd.

                    On 24 January 2026, Origin Energy LNG Holdings Pte Limited was deregistered.

                    On 6 February 2026, 1st Energy Pty Ltd and Taz Connect Pty Ltd were acquired.

                    On 14 May 2026, Origin Zero Investments 2 Pty Ltd completed a transaction resulting in 50 per cent external ownership of Emobility
                    Finance Holding Pty Ltd. Emobility Finance Holding Pty Ltd and Emobility Finance No. 1 Pty Ltd are classified as equity accounted joint
                    ventures from that date.

                    F. 3 BU SINESS COM BI N AT I O N S

                    There were no significant business combinations during the year.

                    F. 4 JOINT ARRANGE ME N T S A N D I N V E S T M E N TS I N A S S O C I A T E S

                    Joint arrangements are entities over whose activities the Group has joint control, established by contractual agreement and requiring the
                    consent of two or more parties for strategic, financial and operating decisions. The Group classifies its interests in joint arrangements as
                    either joint operations or joint ventures, depending on its rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of the arrangements.

                    Associates are entities, other than partnerships, for which the Group exercises significant influence, but no control, over the financial and
                    operating policies, and which are not intended for sale in the near future.

                    Of the Group’s interests in joint arrangements and associates, only APLNG, Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies have a material
                    impact on the Group at 30 June 2026. Refer to Section B for details of the Group’s interests in these entities.




                                                                                                                                                                                 135
                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report




                    F. 4 JO INT ARRANGE M EN T S A ND I N V ES T ME NT S I N A S S O C I A T E S ( C O N T I N U E D )

                    I NTERE STS IN UNI NC ORP O R A T ED J O I NT O P E R A T I O N S
                    The Group’s interests in unincorporated joint operations are brought to account on a line-by-line basis in the income statement
                    and statement of financial position. These interests are held in Browse Basin assets whose principal activity is gas exploration
                    and development.




For personal use only




   136
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    G Other information
                    This section includes other information to assist in understanding the financial performance and position of the Group, and items required
                    to be disclosed to comply with Accounting Standards and other pronouncements.

                    G. 1 CONTINGENT L I AB I L I T I ES

                    Discussed below are items where there is a possible obligation whose existence will be confirmed only by uncertain future events not
                    wholly within the Group’s control, or where a present obligation exists, it is either not probable that the Group will have to make future
                    payments, or the amount of future payments is not capable of reliable measurement.

                    JO I NT ARRANGEM E NT S A ND A S SO C I A T ES
                    As a participant in certain joint arrangements, the Group is liable for its share of liabilities incurred by these arrangements. In some
                    circumstances, the Group may incur more than its proportionate share of such liabilities but will have the right to recover the excess
                    liability from the other joint arrangement participants.




For personal use only
                    In October 2018, Origin and the other APLNG shareholders agreed to indemnify one of APLNG’s long-term LNG customers (following
                    that customer’s election to defer delivery of 30 cargoes over six years (2019-24)) should APLNG fail to supply make-up cargoes to that
                    customer prior to the expiry of the LNG supply contract. The customer will pay APLNG for the deferred cargoes and APLNG expects
                    to resell the gas to other customers and deliver the deferred cargoes to the long-term LNG customer between 2025 and the end of the
                    LNG supply contract. The indemnity was provided severally in accordance with each shareholder’s proportionate shareholding in APLNG.
                    At the inception of the agreement, any obligation or liability on the part of the shareholders will only be confirmed by the occurrence or
                    non-occurrence of future events.

                    LE GA L AND R EGULATORY
                    Certain entities within the Group (and joint venture entities, such as APLNG) are subject to various lawsuits and claims as well as audits and
                    reviews by government, regulatory bodies or other joint venture partners. For matters where a present obligation exists and it is probable
                    a material future payment will be required to satisfy the obligation, provisions are recorded. Consideration is given to matters where it is
                    possible a future payment may be required and these will be disclosed when they are expected to have a material impact on the Group’s
                    financial position.

                    A number of sites owned/operated (or previously owned/operated) by the Group have been identified as potentially contaminated. For
                    sites where it is likely that a present obligation exists, and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation,
                    such costs have been expensed or provided for.

                    Warranties and indemnities have also been given and/or received by entities in the Group in relation to environmental liabilities for certain
                    properties divested and/or acquired.

                    In relation to the data security incident referred to in note G.12, any obligation of the Group is dependent on the occurrence of uncertain
                    future events not wholly within the Group's control and, accordingly, represents a contingent liability.

                    CA PI TA L EXPENDI TURE
                    As part of the acquisition of Browse Basin exploration permits in 2015, the Group agreed to pay cash consideration of US$75 million
                    contingent upon a project Final Investment Decision (FID), and US$75 million contingent upon first production. The Group will pay further
                    contingent consideration of up to US$50 million upon first production if 2P (proven plus probable) reserves, at the time of the FID, reach
                    certain thresholds. These obligations have not been provided for at the reporting date as they are possible obligations that are dependent
                    upon uncertain future events not wholly within the Group’s control.

                    B A NK G UARANTEE S
                    There are no contingent liabilities arising from bank guarantees held by the Group that are required to be disclosed as at the reporting
                    date, as these have either been provided for, or an outflow of economic benefits is considered remote.

                    The Group’s share of guarantees for certain contractual commitments of its joint ventures is shown in note G.2.

                    G. 2 C OMMITMENTS

                    Detailed below are the Group’s contractual commitments that are not recognised as liabilities as there is no present obligation.

                                                                                                                                               2026               2025
                                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m

                        Capital expenditure commitments                                                                                          178                494
                        Joint venture commitments(1)                                                                                             156                 123

                    (1) Represents the Group’s share of APLNG’s capital and joint venture commitments.


                    The Group also has battery offtake agreements that are accounted for as leases that had not yet commenced as at 30 June 2026. The
                    future undiscounted lease payments for these lease contracts are $23 million within one year, $230 million within two to five years, and
                    $270 million thereafter.


                                                                                                                                                                            137
                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    G. 3 SHARE-BASED PA YME NT S
                    This section sets out details of the Group’s share-based remuneration arrangements, including details of the Company’s Equity Incentive
                    Plan and Employee Share Plan (ESP).

                    The total share-based remuneration recognised as an expense during the year was $46 million (2025: $36 million).

                    EQU IT Y INC ENTIV E PLA N
                    Eligible employees are granted share-based remuneration under the Origin Energy Limited Equity Incentive Plan. Participation in the plan
                    is at the Board’s discretion and no individual has a contractual right to participate or to receive any guaranteed benefits. Equity incentives
                    are granted in the form of Share Rights and/or Restricted Shares (RSs). Only RSs carry dividend and voting entitlements. To the extent
                    that Share Rights ultimately vest, a dividend equivalent mechanism operates. The grants are at nil cost to the recipient and none of the
                    instruments granted have an exercise price.

                    SH OR T TERM INCE N TI V E
                    Short Term Incentive (STI) awards, based on the performance outcomes for the preceding financial year and delivered shortly after the




For personal use only
                    end of that year, may be awarded partly (up to 50 per cent) in the form of RSs. The RSs are subject to trading restrictions for up to a
                    further two years during which time the RSs are subject to forfeiture if the service and performance conditions are not met (for example
                    in the case of resignation or unsatisfactory performance/conduct during the holding lock). After the release of restrictions, the RSs are
                    transferred from the trust into the employee’s name at no cost.

                    The fair value of the RSs granted is recognised as an employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period.
                    The initial fair value at grant date is the market value of an Origin share.

                    LO NG TERM INCEN T I V E
                    The Long Term Incentive (LTI) awards include the award of Share Rights, which vest subject to performance conditions. Generally, half
                    of each LTI award is made in the form of Performance Rights (PRs) and is subject to a market hurdle, namely Origin’s Total Shareholder
                    Return (TSR) relative to a Reference Group of ASX-listed companies, as identified in the 2026 Remuneration Report. The remaining half of
                    each LTI award is made in the form of Restricted Rights (RRs), where vesting is subject to Board assessment with reference to a suite of
                    underpinning conditions, as set out in the 2026 Remuneration Report. Testing against the performance conditions occurs at the end of the
                    three year performance period.

                    The number of awards that may vest is considered separately for PRs and RRs. For the PR awards, which are subject to the relative TSR
                    hurdle, vesting only occurs if Origin’s TSR over the performance period ranks higher than the 50th percentile of the Reference Group.
                    Half of the PRs vest if that condition is satisfied. All the PRs vest if Origin ranks at or above the 75th percentile of the Reference Group.
                    Straight-line pro-rata vesting applies between these two points.

                    Rights that vest are automatically exercised to shares subject to holding locks across an additional period of two years (a total of five
                    years from grant). Upon vesting, each vested Share Right represents a right to a fully paid ordinary share in the Company and such
                    additional shares equal in value to the amount of dividends (as determined by the Board) that would have been paid and re-invested had
                    the executive held the shares during the performance period.

                    The fair value of the awards granted is recognised as an employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting
                    period. In exceptional circumstances1 unvested Share Rights may be held ‘on foot’ subject to the specified performance hurdles and other
                    plan conditions being met, or dealt with in an appropriate manner determined by the Board.

                    For PRs subject to the relative TSR condition, fair value is measured at grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model that takes into
                    account the exercise price, share price at grant date, price volatility, dividend yield, risk-free interest rate for the term of the security, and
                    the likelihood of meeting the TSR market condition.

                    The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility over a period similar to the life of the PRs is indicative of future
                    trends, which may not necessarily be the actual outcome. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number
                    of awards that vest except where due to non-achievement of the TSR market condition.

                    For RRs subject to the underpinning conditions, the initial fair value at grant date is the market value of an Origin share, and the recognised
                    expense is trued up at each reporting period to the expected outcome as assessed at that time.




                    1
                        The Equity Incentive Plan Rules provide that Share Rights, and RSs arising from STI arrangements, are forfeited on cessation of employment, except in ‘good leaver’
                        circumstances or unless the Board determines otherwise.
   138
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    G. 3 SHARE-BASED PA YME NT S ( C O NT I NU E D )

                    EMP LO YEE SH ARE PLA N
                    Under the ESP, all eligible employees have a choice of either participating in the $1,000 General Employee Share Plan (GESP) or the
                    Matching Share Plan (MSP).

                    Under the GESP, all eligible employees who are based in Australia and have been continuously employed as at a qualifying eligibility date,
                    are granted up to $1,000 of fully paid Origin shares conditional on Board approval. The shares are granted for no consideration. Shares
                    awarded under the GESP are purchased on market, registered in the name of the employee, and are restricted for three years, or until
                    cessation of employment, whichever occurs first.

                    Under the MSP, shares purchased under the sacrifice scheme are restricted for two years or until cessation of employment, whichever
                    occurs first. For every one share purchased under the salary sacrifice scheme within a 12-month cycle, participants are granted one
                    Matching Right (MR) at no cost. The MRs vest two years after the cycle began, provided that the participant remains employed by
                    the Company at that time. Each MR entitles the participant to one fully paid ordinary share in the Company. MRs do not have any
                    performance hurdles as they have been granted to encourage broad participation in the scheme across the Company, and to encourage
                    employee share ownership. All shares are currently purchased on market. Vesting of MRs is conditional on the employee remaining in




For personal use only
                    continuous employment at that time. MRs are forfeited if the service conditions are not met2. The grant date fair value per share represents
                    the weighted average market price of the Company’s shares on the grant date.

                    Details of the instruments awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan and Employee Share Plan during the financial year and in the prior
                    financial year are set out below.

                                                                                                                                                                               Grant date
                                                                                                                                          Grant        Instruments              fair value
                                                                                                                                           date            granted            (per award)
                        2026
                        Restricted Shares                                                                                   1 September 2025               1,672,506                  $12.91
                        Performance Rights                                                                                  1 September 2025                 563,495                  $8.86
                        Performance Rights                                                                                   15 October 2025                  123,457                 $8.55
                        Restricted Rights                                                                                   1 September 2025                 563,467                  $12.91
                        Restricted Rights                                                                                    15 October 2025                  123,457                $12.34
                        Matching Rights                                                                                          17 June 2024                 142,177                 $9.08
                        Matching Rights                                                                                         20 June 2025                 488,355                  $9.72
                        Restricted Shares (GESP)                                                                                20 June 2025                 232,309                  $9.72


                        2025
                        Restricted Shares                                                                                  2 September 2024                2,009,687                   $9.91
                        Performance Rights                                                                                 2 September 2024                  800,346                  $5.52
                        Performance Rights                                                                                   16 October 2024                 190,238                  $5.75
                        Restricted Rights                                                                                  2 September 2024                   800,311                  $9.91
                        Restricted Rights                                                                                    16 October 2024                  190,237                 $9.99
                        Matching Rights                                                                                          17 June 2024                498,492                  $9.08
                        Restricted Shares (GESP)                                                                              27 August 2024                 377,300                  $9.95


                    For more information on these share plans and Performance Rights issued to key management personnel, refer to the 2026
                    Remuneration Report.

                    G. 4 REL ATED PART Y DI S CL O S U R E S

                    The Group’s interests in equity accounted entities and details of transactions with these entities are set out in notes B.1 and B.5.

                    Certain Directors of Origin Energy Limited are also directors of other companies that supply Origin Energy Limited with goods and
                    services or acquire goods or services from Origin Energy Limited. Those transactions are approved by management within delegated
                    limits of authority, and the Directors do not participate in the decisions to enter into such transactions. If the decision to enter into
                    those transactions should require approval of the Board, the Director concerned will not vote upon that decision nor take part in the
                    consideration of it.




                    2
                        The Employee Share Plan Rules and the offer terms of the MSP provide that MRs are forfeited on cessation of employment, except in ‘good leaver’ circumstances (such as
                        those ceasing employment due to death, disability, redundancy or genuine retirement) or otherwise determined by the Board.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 139
                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    G. 5 KEY MANAGEM E NT PE R SO N NE L

                                                                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                                                                           $                    $
                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                             13,306,737         12,598,851
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                    342,285            319,152
                        Other long-term benefits                                                                                   1,755,397        3,694,328
                        Share-based payments                                                                                      9,890,140          7,243,424
                        Total                                                                                                   25,294,559         23,855,755


                    LO A NS AND OTHE R T RAN S A C T I O N S W I T H K E Y M AN A G E M E N T P E R S O N N E L
                    There were no loans with key management personnel during the year. Transactions entered into during the year with key management
                    personnel are normal employee, customer or supplier relationships and have terms and conditions that are no more favourable than
                    dealings in the same circumstances on an arm’s length basis. These transactions include:




For personal use only
                    •    the receipt of dividends from Origin Energy Limited or participation in the DRP;
                    •    participation in the ESP and Equity Incentive Plan;
                    •    terms and conditions of employment or directorship appointment;
                    •    reimbursement of expenses incurred in the normal course of employment;
                    •    sale of energy and energy services; and
                    •    purchases of goods and services.

                    G. 6 NOTES TO THE S TA TE M E N T O F C A S H F LO WS

                    Cash includes cash on hand, at bank and in short-term deposits, net of outstanding bank overdrafts. The following table reconciles profit
                    to net cash provided by operating activities.

                                                                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                                                                        $m                $m

                        Profit for the year                                                                                           1,574             1,480


                        Adjustments for ITDA
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                   579               478
                        Net financing costs                                                                                             160               130
                        Income tax expense                                                                                               91                116
                        Non-cash share of ITDA of equity accounted investees                                                          1,038             1,038
                        Adjustments for other items
                        Decrease in fair value of derivatives                                                                           462               199
                        Decrease in fair value of financial instruments                                                                  73                     -
                        Unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                         (50)                11
                        Net (gain)/ loss on sale of assets                                                                               (4)                 2
                        Gain on waiver of Kraken platform exclusivity                                                                  (190)                    -
                        Impairment of non-current assets                                                                                 57                30
                        Impairment of debt instruments                                                                                   62                     -
                        Impairment of equity accounted investee                                                                           4                     -
                        Impairment losses recognised - trade and other receivables                                                      175               178
                        Non-cash share of EBITDA of equity accounted investees                                                       (1,950)            (1,788)
                        Return of amounts relating to Carisbrook Solar Farm                                                                -                (8)
                        Share-based payment expense                                                                                      46                36
                        Changes in assets and liabilities:
                        – Receivables                                                                                                   561               (418)
                        – Inventories                                                                                                   (74)               29
                        – Payables                                                                                                     (731)             (190)
                        – Provisions                                                                                                    (55)              (70)
                        – Other                                                                                                         122               179
                        – Futures collateral                                                                                            125              (240)
                        Tax paid                                                                                                       (158)             (767)
                        Total adjustments                                                                                              343             (1,055)
                        Net cash from operating activities                                                                            1,917               425

  140
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    G. 6 NO TES TO THE S T AT EM EN T O F C A SH F L O W S ( C O N T I N U E D )
                    Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities

                                                                                                                Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                                                                                               Other
                                                                                                                                                            financial
                                                                                            Current            Non-current                 Lease            (assets)/
                        $m                                                               borrowings             borrowings             liabilities         liabilities            Total
                        Balance as at 1 July 2025                                                      -                4,338                504                  (65)            4,777
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                       -                1,965                    -                     -          1,965
                        Repayment of borrowings/other liabilities                                      -               (2,375)                   -                     -         (2,375)
                        Repayment of lease principal                                                   -                     -                (85)                     -                (85)
                        Changes to leases                                                              -                     -                756                      -            756
                        Transaction costs related to borrowings paid                                   -                     8                   -                     -                  8




For personal use only
                        Foreign exchange adjustments and other
                        non-cash movements                                                             -                 (125)                   -                 52                   (73)
                        Balance as at 30 June 2026                                                     -                3,811               1,175                  (13)           4,973


                        Balance as at 1 July 2024                                                      -                2,867                  511                 40             3,418
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                       -                2,535                    -                     -          2,535
                        Repayment of borrowings/other liabilities                                                       (1,176)                  -                     -          (1,176)
                        Repayment of lease principal                                                   -                     -                (76)                     -                (76)
                        Changes to leases                                                              -                     -                 69                      -                69
                        Transaction costs related to borrowings paid                                   -                    (9)                  -                     -                 (9)
                        Foreign exchange adjustments and other
                        non-cash movements                                                             -                   121                   -               (105)                   16
                        Balance as at 30 June 2025                                                     -               4,338                 504                  (65)            4,777


                    G. 7 AUD ITORS’ RE MU NE RA T I O N

                    During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its related practices and
                    non-related audit firms.

                                                                                                                                                             2026                  2025
                                                                                                                                                            $’000                $’000
                        Amounts received or due and receivable by the auditor of the Parent Company and any other entity in
                        the Group for:
                        Audit and assurance services
                        Auditing the statutory financial report of the Parent Company covering the Group                                                     2,550                 2,502
                        Auditing the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities                                                                      97                      94
                        Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services under other legislation or
                        contractual arrangements                                                                                                                  11                    197
                        Sustainability assurance                                                                                                               410                      213
                                                                                                                                                             3,068                3,006
                        Other services
                        Tax compliance(1)                                                                                                                       821                     923
                        Sustainability advisory services                                                                                                         48                     136
                                                                                                                                                               869                 1,059
                        Total                                                                                                                                3,937                4,065


                        Amounts received or due and receivable by affiliates of the auditor of the Parent Company for:
                        Auditing the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities                                                                    105                       94
                        Total fees to overseas member firms of the Parent Company auditor                                                                      105                       94


                        Total remuneration to Parent Company auditor                                                                                        4,042                  4,159
                        Auditing of statutory financial reports of any controlled entities by other auditors                                                    153                       11
                        Total auditors’ remuneration                                                                                                         4,195                 4,170

                    (1) This amount relates to the Group’s share of tax compliance work. An amount of $798,000 (2025: $880,000) was recharged to APLNG in respect of its share and is
                        excluded from this amount.




                                                                                                                                                                                               141
                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report




                    G. 8 M ASTER NETT I N G O R SI M I L A R A G R E EM E N T S
                    The Group enters into derivative transactions under ISDA master netting agreements. In general, under such agreements the amounts
                    owed by each counterparty on a single day in respect of all transactions outstanding in the same currency are aggregated into a net
                    amount payable by one party to the other.

                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset, and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position, where the Group has a legally
                    enforceable right to offset recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability
                    simultaneously. The Group has also entered into arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting, but still allow for the related
                    amounts to be offset in certain circumstances, such as a loan default or the termination of a contract.

                    The following table presents the recognised financial instruments that are offset, or subject to master netting arrangements but not offset,
                    as at the reporting date. The net amount column shows the impact on the Group’s statement of financial position if all set-off rights
                    were exercised.

                                                                                            Amount offset           Amount
                                                                                                    in the            in the




For personal use only
                                                                                             statement of      statement of            Related
                                                                                                 financial         financial           amount                 Net
                        $m                                               Gross amount             position          position         not offset            amount
                        2026
                        Derivative assets                                         2,249             (1,450)               799               (361)              438
                        Derivative liabilities                                   (2,857)             1,450             (1,407)               361             (1,046)


                        2025
                        Derivative assets                                         2,032               (788)             1,244              (364)               880
                        Derivative liabilities                                    (1,924)              788              (1,136)             364               (772)


                    G. 9 D EED OF CROS S G UAR A N T E E

                    Origin Energy Limited has entered into a Deed of Cross Guarantee (Deed) under the ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies)
                    Instrument 2016/785 with certain controlled entities shown in note F.1 (together, the Closed Group). The effect of the Deed is that each
                    entity in the Closed Group guarantees the debts of the other entities in the Closed Group in the event they are wound up.

                    The following consolidated statement of comprehensive income and retained earnings, and statement of financial position, cover Origin
                    Energy Limited and its controlled entities that are party to the Deed after eliminating all transactions between parties to the Deed.

                                                                                                                                          2026               2025
                        for the year ended 30 June                                                                                           $m                 $m

                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income and retained earnings
                        Revenue                                                                                                           15,279             17,180
                        Other income                                                                                                         30                 34
                        Expenses                                                                                                         (14,330)           (16,359)
                        Share of results of equity accounted investees                                                                      659                 919
                        Impairment                                                                                                          (107)                 -
                        Interest income                                                                                                       28                44
                        Interest expense                                                                                                    (193)              (179)
                        Profit before income tax                                                                                           1,366             1,639
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                   (82)               (79)
                        Profit for the year                                                                                               1,284              1,560
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                                         (335)               (143)
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                             949               1,417


                        Retained earnings at the beginning of the year                                                                     (873)            (1,482)
                        Profit for the year                                                                                                1,284              1,560
                        Transfers to accumulated profits reserve                                                                            (718)              (951)
                        Retained earnings at the end of the year                                                                           (307)              (873)




   142
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    G. 9 D EE D OF CROS S G UA R A NT EE ( C O N T I NU E D )

                                                                                                                         2026     2025
                        as at 30 June                                                                                      $m       $m
                        Statement of financial position
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          83       64
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                      3,557    4,233
                        Inventories                                                                                       265       191
                        Derivatives                                                                                       477      634
                        Other financial assets                                                                            508      738
                        Income tax receivable                                                                               5        78
                        Other assets                                                                                       77        78
                        Total current assets                                                                            4,972     6,016




For personal use only
                        Non-current assets
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                      4,251    3,740
                        Derivatives                                                                                       292       561
                        Other financial assets(1)                                                                          419     549
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                5,219    5,740
                        PP&E                                                                                             4,315    3,637
                        Intangible assets                                                                                2,364    2,293
                        Other assets                                                                                       42       66
                        Total non-current assets                                                                        16,902   16,586
                        Total assets                                                                                    21,874   22,602


                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                         2,100    2,907
                        Payables to joint ventures                                                                         131      137
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                      120        74
                        Derivatives                                                                                       606       577
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                        281      321
                        Employee benefits                                                                                  312     308
                        Provisions                                                                                          21      36
                        Total current liabilities                                                                        3,571    4,360


                        Non-current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                         4,182    4,288
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                     2,311    2,093
                        Derivatives                                                                                       620       547
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                           45       182
                        Employee benefits                                                                                  42       43
                        Provisions                                                                                         913     923
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                    8,113    8,076
                        Total liabilities                                                                               11,684   12,436
                        Net assets                                                                                      10,190   10,166


                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                               6,856    6,841
                        Reserves                                                                                         3,641    4,198
                        Retained earnings                                                                                (307)     (873)
                        Total equity                                                                                    10,190   10,166

                    (1) Includes investment in subsidiaries relating to entities outside the Deed of Cross Guarantee.




                                                                                                                                           143
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report




                    G. 10 P ARENT ENTI T Y DI S CL O S U R ES
                    The following table sets out the results and financial position of the parent entity, Origin Energy Limited.

                                                                                                                                           2026                2025
                        Origin Energy Limited                                                                                                $m                  $m

                        Profit for the year                                                                                                  718                 951
                        Other comprehensive income, net of income tax                                                                       (244)                 51
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                              474               1,002


                        Financial position of the parent entity as at 30 June
                        Current assets                                                                                                       957               1,009
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                15,547              16,584




For personal use only
                        Total assets                                                                                                     16,504               17,593
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                1,750               1,763
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                                            4,401               4,925
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                  6,151              6,688


                        Contributed equity                                                                                                 6,856               6,841
                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                                         231                 238
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                 719                 985
                        Hedge reserve                                                                                                          (9)               (29)
                        Fair value reserve                                                                                                     6                   4
                        Accumulated profits reserve                                                                                        2,550               2,866
                        Total equity                                                                                                      10,353              10,905


                    The parent entity has entered into a deed of indemnity for the cross-guarantee of liabilities of a number of controlled entities. Refer to
                    note F.1.

                    G. 11 GO VERNMENT GRAN T S A N D A S S I S T A NC E

                    Government grants and assistance are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the associated conditions will be complied
                    with, and the grants or assistance will be received. Government grants relating to expenses are recognised in profit or loss over the
                    same period as the relevant expense. Government grants relating to the purchase and construction of PP&E are allocated to the carrying
                    amount of the asset and recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of the related asset as a reduced
                    depreciation expense.

                    COA L PRIC E CAP
                    In December 2022, the NSW Government introduced a legislated domestic coal price cap. The coal price cap ended on 30 June 2024. In
                    the prior year the Group recognised compensation relating to coal supply contracts that exceeded the price cap of $49 million in cost of
                    sales in the income statement for coal delivered prior to 30 June 2024 and consumed during the year, and received cash of $34 million.
                    No compensation amounts were received or recognised in the year ended 30 June 2026.

                    A DV ANC ING RENEW AB L ES P R O G R A M
                    An agreement for up to $24 million in funding to construct a large-scale battery at Mortlake Power Station was signed by the Group and
                    the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ARENA) in February 2024 (Funding Agreement). During the year the Group received cash of
                    $12 million from ARENA (2025: $6 million). The amounts received were allocated to the carrying amount of related assets in PP&E. The
                    grant funding is conditional and contingent upon the Group continuing to comply with the requirements of the Funding Agreement.

                    G. 12 SUB SEQUENT E V E NT S

                    Other than the matters described below, no item, transaction or event of a material nature has arisen since 30 June 2026 that
                    would significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Group in future
                    financial periods.

                    D I VI D ENDS
                    On 13 August 2026, the Directors determined a fully franked final dividend of 30 cents per share, on ordinary shares. The dividend will
                    be paid on 2 October 2026. The financial effect of this dividend has not been brought to account in the financial statements for the year
                    ended 30 June 2026 and will be recognised in subsequent financial statements.




  144
                    Notes to the financial statements




                    G. 12 S UBSE QUENT EV E N T S ( C O NT I NU E D)

                    A PLNG DIVID ENDS
                    On 14 July 2026, the directors of APLNG determined to pay a fully franked dividend to shareholders. The Group received a fully franked
                    dividend of US$47 million (A$68 million) on 29 July 2026.

                    On 11 August 2026, the directors of APLNG determined to pay a further fully franked dividend to shareholders. The Group expects to
                    receive a fully franked dividend of US$46 million on 27 August 2026.

                    K RA KEN TE CHNO L OGI E S
                    On 9 July 2026, additional shares in Kraken Technologies were issued to the Group in exchange for the waiver of exclusivity to the
                    Kraken platform in Australia. On the same date, the Group also completed an additional US$140 million (A$210 million) investment in
                    Kraken Technologies. Following completion of these transactions, Origin’s direct economic interest in Kraken Technologies increased to
                    19.6 per cent.

                    D A TA SE CURITY IN CI DE NT




For personal use only
                    On 22 July 2026, the Group notified the ASX of a data security incident that involved unauthorised access to some customers'
                    information. The Group's review of the incident is ongoing.

                    The Group has notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and has been engaging with the Australian Cyber Security
                    Centre, the National Office of Cyber Security and the Australian Federal Police in relation to the incident.

                    No adjustment has been made to the amounts recognised in these Financial Statements in relation to this matter.




                                                                                                                                                             145
                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    Consolidated entity disclosure statement


                    Set out below is relevant information relating to entities that are consolidated in the consolidated financial statements at the end of the
                    financial year as required by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                             of                                                     Australian Jurisdiction
                                                                                        Place of         issued                                                     or foreign  for foreign
                                                                                        incorporation     share                                                     tax                 tax
                        Entity name                                                     or formation    capital(1) Entity type                                      resident       resident
                        Origin Energy Limited                                           Australia                 N/A      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Power Limited                                     Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy SWC Limited                                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Sun Spot 5 Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Sun Spot 6 Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A




For personal use only
                        Yarrabee Project Co Pty Ltd                                     Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Yarrabee Project Trust                                          N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Yarrabee One Pty Ltd                                            Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Yarrabee One Trust                                              N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Wind North Pty Ltd                                Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Navigator North Holding Pty Ltd                                 Australia                  80      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Navigator North Project Pty Ltd                                 Australia                  80      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Wind North Trust                                  N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Navigator North Holding Trust                                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Navigator North Project Trust                                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Wind South Pty Ltd                                Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Navigator South Holding Pty Ltd                                 Australia                  80      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Navigator South Project Pty Ltd                                 Australia                  80      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Wind South Trust                                  N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Navigator South Holding Trust                                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Navigator South Project Trust                                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Wind East Pty Ltd                                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Wind East Trust                                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Usses Pty Ltd                                                   Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Templers Energy Trust                                           N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Templers Energy Pty Ltd                                         Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Northern Tablelands WF Holding Pty Ltd                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Northern Tablelands WF Project Pty Ltd                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Northern Tablelands WF Holding Trust                            N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Northern Tablelands WF Project Trust                            N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Kerrawary Holding Pty Ltd                                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Kerrawary Project Pty Ltd                                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Kerrawary Holding Trust                                         N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Kerrawary Project Trust                                         N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        WalchaEnergy Pty Ltd                                            Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        WalchaEnergy Unit Trust                                         N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        SalisburySolar Pty Ltd                                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        RubyHillsWind Pty Ltd                                           Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        WalchaLink Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        UrallaHub Pty Ltd                                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        BrackendaleWind Pty Ltd                                         Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Eraring Pty Limited                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Eraring Services Pty Limited                      Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A

                    (1) Relates to percentage of issued share capital held directly or indirectly by Origin Energy Limited and only applies to Body Corporate entities.




  146
                    Consolidated entity disclosure statement




                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                             of                                                     Australian Jurisdiction
                                                                                        Place of         issued                                                     or foreign  for foreign
                                                                                        incorporation     share                                                     tax                 tax
                        Entity name                                                     or formation    capital(1) Entity type                                      resident       resident
                        Origin Energy Battery Head Fund Pty Ltd                         Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Battery Fund Pty Ltd                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Holding Pty Ltd                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Project Pty Ltd                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Holding Pty Ltd                  Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Project Pty Ltd                  Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Battery Head Fund Trust                           N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A




For personal use only
                        Origin Energy Battery Fund Trust                                N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Holding Trust                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Eraring Battery 2 Project Trust                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Holding Trust                    N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Mortlake Battery Project Trust                    N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Renewable Head Fund Pty Ltd                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Renewable Fund Pty Ltd                            Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Yanco Delta WF Holding Pty Ltd                                  Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Yanco Delta WF Project Pty Ltd                                  Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Renewable Head Fund Trust                         N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Renewable Fund Trust                              N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Yanco Delta WF Holding Trust                                    N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Yanco Delta Wind Farm Pty Ltd                                   Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Yanco Delta WF Project Trust                                    N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Finance Limited                                   Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Huddart Parker Pty Limited                                      Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        FRL Pty Ltd                                                     Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Upstream Holdings Pty Ltd                         Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Browse Pty Ltd                                    Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy West Pty Ltd                                      Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy C5 Pty Limited                                    Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy GBE Pty Ltd                                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Future Fuels Pty Ltd                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Future Fuels (Avondale) Pty Ltd                   Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Upstream Operator Pty Ltd                         Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Holdings Pty Limited                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Retail Limited                                    Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy (Vic) Pty Limited                                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Zero Investments Pty Ltd                                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Zero Investments 2 Pty Ltd                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy (TM) Pty Limited                                  Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Cogent Energy Pty Ltd                                           Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Retail No. 1 Pty Limited                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Retail No. 2 Pty Limited                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        SolarQuotes Home Electrification Pty Ltd                        Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        EL Retail Energy Pty Ltd                                        Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        1st Energy Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Taz Connect Pty Ltd                                             Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A
                        Origin Energy Commercial Embedded Networks
                        Pty Limited                                                     Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian         N/A

                    (1) Relates to percentage of issued share capital held directly or indirectly by Origin Energy Limited and only applies to Body Corporate entities.




                                                                                                                                                                                              147
                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                             of                                                     Australian Jurisdiction
                                                                                        Place of         issued                                                     or foreign  for foreign
                                                                                        incorporation     share                                                     tax                 tax
                        Entity name                                                     or formation    capital(1) Entity type                                      resident       resident
                        Origin Energy Electricity Limited                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Eraring Gentrader Depositor Pty Limited                         Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Sun Retail Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        OE Power Pty Limited                                            Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Uranquinty Power Pty Ltd                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        OC Energy Pty Ltd                                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Eraring Battery Pty Ltd                           Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A




For personal use only
                        Ten Ants Connect Pty Ltd                                        Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        WINconnect Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Nextgen Utilities Pty Ltd                                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Carbon Energy Management Technologies Pty Ltd                   Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian           N/A
                        LM Unit Trust (No 1)                                            N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian           N/A
                        MyConnect Holdings Pty Ltd                                      Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        MyConnect Trading Pty Ltd                                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        1Bill Holdings Pty Ltd                                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Thought World Pty Ltd                                           Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        1Bill Pty Ltd                                                   Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Thought World Investments Pty Ltd                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Compare & Connect NZ Limited                                    New Zealand               100      Body Corporate                           Both         New Zealand
                        Fast Connect Limited                                            New Zealand               100      Body Corporate                           Both         New Zealand
                        Residential Connections Pty Ltd                                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        YP Connect Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        YourPorter Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian           N/A
                        YourPorter Unit Trust                                           N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy International Holdings Pty Limited                Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy PNG Holdings Limited                              PNG                       100      Body Corporate                           Both                 PNG
                        Origin Energy Tasmania Pty Limited                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Contracting Limited                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy LPG Limited                                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin (LGC) (Aust) Pty Limited                                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy SA Pty Limited                                    Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Hylemit Pty Limited                                             Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy LPG Retail (NSW) Pty Limited                      Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy WA Pty Limited                                    Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Services Limited                                  Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        OEL US Inc.                                                     USA                       100      Body Corporate                           Both                 USA
                        Origin Energy Asset Management Limited                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Pipelines Pty Limited                             Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd                       Singapore                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Angari Pty Limited                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Oil Investments Pty Limited                                     Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Southern Africa Holdings Pty Limited              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Vietnam Pty Limited                               Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Singapore Holdings Pte Limited                    Singapore                 100      Body Corporate                           Foreign        Singapore
                        Origin Energy (Song Hong) Pte Limited                           Singapore                 100      Body Corporate                           Foreign        Singapore
                        Origin Future Energy Pty Limited                                Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Metering Coordinator Pty Ltd                      Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian           N/A
                        Origin Energy Resources NZ (Rimu) Limited                       New Zealand               100      Body Corporate                           Foreign      New Zealand

                    (1) Relates to percentage of issued share capital held directly or indirectly by Origin Energy Limited and only applies to Body Corporate entities.




   148
                    Consolidated entity disclosure statement




                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                             of                                                     Australian Jurisdiction
                                                                                        Place of         issued                                                     or foreign  for foreign
                                                                                        incorporation     share                                                     tax                 tax
                        Entity name                                                     or formation    capital(1) Entity type                                      resident       resident
                        Origin Energy VIC Holdings Pty Limited                          Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        OE JV Co Pty Limited                                            Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy LNG Portfolio Pty Ltd                             Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Australia Holding BV                              Netherlands               100      Body Corporate - Partner                 Both         Netherlands
                        Origin Energy Mt Stuart BV                                      Netherlands               100      Body Corporate - Partner                 Both         Netherlands
                        OE Mt Stuart General Partnership                                N/A                       N/A      Partnership                              Australian          N/A
                        Parbond Pty Limited                                             Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A




For personal use only
                        Origin Foundation Ltd                                           Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Renewable Energy Investments No 1 Pty Ltd                Australia                 100      Body Corporate - Trustee                 Australian          N/A
                        Origin Renewable Energy Investment Trust                        N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Origin Renewable Energy Pty Ltd                                 Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Geothermal Holdings Pty Ltd                       Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Geothermal Pty Ltd                                Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Chile Holdings Pty Limited                        Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Wind Holdings Pty Ltd                             Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Wind Power Pty Ltd                                              Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy People Services Pty Ltd                           Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Upstream People Services Pty Ltd                  Australia                 100      Body Corporate                           Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Executive Share Plan Trust(2)                     N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A
                        Origin Energy Limited Employee Share Trust(2)                   N/A                       N/A      Trust                                    Australian          N/A

                    (1) Relates to percentage of issued share capital held directly or indirectly by Origin Energy Limited and only applies to Body Corporate entities.
                    (2) Holds assets on behalf of employees.


                    B A SI S OF PREPARAT I O N
                    This Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement (CEDS) has been prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and
                    includes the required information for each entity that was part of the Group as at 30 June 2026.

                    D ET ERMINAT ION OF TA X R E S I D E N C Y
                    Subsection 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) requires that the tax residency of each entity which is included in the CEDS be
                    disclosed. For the purposes of this section, an entity is an Australian resident at the end of a financial year if it is:
                    •    an Australian resident (within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth)); or
                    •    a partnership, with at least one partner being an Australian resident (within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997
                         (Cth)); or
                    •    a resident trust estate (within the meaning of Division 6 of Part III of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth)) in relation to the year
                         of income (within the meaning of that Act) that corresponds to the financial year.

                    The determination of tax residency involves judgement as it is highly fact dependent and requires interpretation of relevant legislation,
                    guidance and judicial precedent. Different interpretations could be adopted which could give rise to a different conclusion on residency. In
                    determining tax residency, the Group has applied the following interpretations:

                    AUS TRA LI AN TAX R ESI D EN C Y
                    The Group has applied current legislation and judicial precedent, including having regard to the Commissioner of Taxation’s public
                    guidance in Taxation Ruling TR 2018/5 and Practical Compliance Guideline PCG 2018/9.

                    FOREI GN T AX RESID ENCY
                    The Group has applied current legislation and where available, judicial precedent, in the determination of foreign tax residency. Where
                    necessary, the Group has used independent tax advisers in foreign jurisdictions to assist in its determination of tax residency to ensure
                    applicable foreign tax legislation has been complied with.




                                                                                                                                                                                               149
                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report




                    Directors’ Declaration



                    1. In the opinion of the Directors of Origin Energy Limited (the Company):
                         a. the consolidated financial statements and notes are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
                            i. giving a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2026 and of its performance, for the year ended on
                               that date; and
                            ii. complying with Australian Accounting Standards (including the Australian Accounting Interpretations) and the Corporations
                                Regulations 2001 (Cth).
                         b. the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in the Overview of the
                            financial statements.
                         c. the consolidated entity disclosure statement required by subsection 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) is true and correct
                            as at 30 June 2026; and
                         d. there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
                    2. There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the controlled entities identified in note F.1 will be able to meet any




For personal use only
                       obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject to by virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee between the Company
                       and those controlled entities pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.
                    3. The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) from the Chief Executive
                       Officer and the Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2026.




                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                        Scott Perkins                 Frank Calabria
                        Chair                         Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

                        Sydney, 13 August 2026        Sydney, 13 August 2026




  150
                    Independent Auditor’s Report




                    Independent Auditor’s Report

                                                                                  Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                                  200 George Street                     Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                                  Sydney NSW 2000 Australia             ey.com/au
                                                                                  GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                                      Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Origin Energy Limited

                                      Report on the Audit of the Financial Report
                                      Opinion
                                      We have audited the financial report of Origin Energy Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries




For personal use only
                                      (collectively the Group), which comprises the statement of financial position as at 30 June 2026, the
                                      income statement, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then
                                      ended, notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, the
                                      consolidated entity disclosure statement and the directors’ declaration.

                                      In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                                      Act 2001, including:

                                      a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2026
                                            and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

                                      b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                      Basis for opinion
                                      We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                                      those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                                      report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                                      independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                                      Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                                      Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
                                      financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                                      the Code.

                                      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                                      for our opinion.

                                      Key audit matters
                                      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
                                      our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                                      our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                                      a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit
                                      addressed the matter is provided in that context.

                                      We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                                      financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
                                      included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                                      material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
                                      procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
                                      accompanying financial report.




                                      A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                      Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                    151
                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                                                                                                                                                        Page 2




                        Retail Unbilled Revenue

                         Why significant                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                         As disclosed in Notes A.2 and C.1 of the financial
                                                                                      Our audit procedures included the following:
                         report, the Group recognised unbilled revenue net of
                         allowance for impairment of $1,489 million at 30             •     Assessed whether the methodology used to recognise unbilled
                         June 2026, of which a significant portion relates to               revenue met the revenue recognition requirements of the
                         retail electricity and gas customers.                              Australian Accounting Standards.




For personal use only
                         Retail unbilled revenue represents energy supplied to        •     Assessed the design and implementation, and tested the operating
                         customers between the date of their last meter read                effectiveness, of key controls over the estimation of retail unbilled
                         and reporting date for which invoices have not yet                 revenue, including controls relating to energy consumption data,
                         been issued.                                                       customer billing information and the application of customer
                                                                                            pricing arrangements.
                         The estimation of unbilled revenue is considered a           •     Evaluated management’s retail unbilled revenue calculation as
                         key audit matter due to the complex estimation                     follows:
                         process and significant audit effort required to
                         address the estimation uncertainty. Key factors that                   o         With the assistance of our data specialists, assessed the
                         require consideration impacting the estimation                                   calculation methodology and model code;
                         process include:                                                       o         Reconciled the retail unbilled revenue accrual recorded
                                                                                                          in the trial balance to estimated volumes and pricing data
                         •      Estimation of volume and timing of energy                                 used in the unbilled revenue models;
                                consumed by customers;                                          o         Agreed the key inputs in the estimated volumes to
                         •      Allocation of estimated consumption volumes                               internal and external data, including historical
                                to differing customer tariffs and pricing                                 consumption levels, Australian Energy Market Operator
                                arrangements by customer type and location.                               (AEMO) load data and actual billed volumes;

                         The Group’s disclosures in respect of the unbilled                     o         Agreed fixed prices and number of unbilled revenue days
                         revenue estimation process are included in Notes A.2                             used in the models to a sample of most recent billing
                         and C.1 of the financial report.                                                 data;
                                                                                                o         Validated the variable prices applied to the models by
                                                                                                          state and customer type to a sample of most recent
                                                                                                          billing data;
                                                                                                o         Performed an independent recalculation of expected
                                                                                                          unbilled revenue at 30 June 2026, utilising information
                                                                                                          sourced from AEMO, audited historical billings and
                                                                                                          Origin’s market share based on historical volumes, and
                                                                                                          compared this to management's estimate;
                                                                                                o         Evaluated the sensitivity of the model to changes in
                                                                                                          volumes;
                                                                                                o         Assessed the historical accuracy of the unbilled revenue
                                                                                                          accrual by comparing prior-year accruals to subsequent
                                                                                                          billings and performing trend analysis.

                                                                                      •     Evaluated the adequacy of the related disclosures in the financial
                                                                                            report including those made with respect to judgements and
                                                                                            estimates.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




   152
                    Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Page 3




                                      Demerger of Octopus Energy and Kraken Technologies

                                       Why significant                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                       On 17 June 2026 the separation of Octopus Energy
                                                                                                      Our audit procedures included the following:
                                       Group Limited (Octopus Energy) and Kraken
                                       Technologies Global Group Limited (Kraken)                        •    Assessed whether the accounting methodology applied to the
                                       completed. In relation to this, the Group recognised a                 transaction is appropriate in regard to the requirements of applicable
                                       net gain of $484 million in the income statement and                   Australian Accounting Standards.




For personal use only
                                       a new equity accounted investment in Kraken
                                       Technologies of $270 million as disclosed in Notes                •    In relation to the accounting impact of the demerger within Octopus
                                       B.3, B.4 and B.5 of the financial report.                              Energy, we have:
                                                                                                               o        Communicated our requirements in relation to the demerger
                                       As disclosed in the financial report, a gain was                                 accounting to the Octopus Energy Component Auditor,
                                       recorded in Octopus Energy on the demerger, of                                   detailing the work to be performed and the form and content
                                       which Origin recorded its proportionate 22.7% share.                             of their communication to us as the auditor of the Group;
                                       The portion of the gain relating to the Kraken shares
                                       received directly by Origin was eliminated against the                  o        Reviewed the work performed by the Component Auditor
                                       initial carrying value of the Kraken investment.                                 focusing on the demerger accounting;
                                                                                                               o        Considered the results of this work on our audit opinion.
                                       The Demerger of Octopus Energy and Kraken is
                                       considered a key audit matter due to the magnitude                •    Recalculated the Group’s proportionate share of gain recognised on
                                       of the transaction, complex nature of the                              the demerger within Octopus Energy.
                                       arrangements and the significant auditor attention                •    Validated the allocation of previously recognised acquisition-date fair
                                       required in respect of the direction, supervision and
                                                                                                              value adjustments and goodwill included in the Group’s investment in
                                       evaluation of the work of the Component Auditors in
                                                                                                              Octopus Energy to the Kraken investment.
                                       relation to the demerger accounting.
                                                                                                         •    Tested the portion of the gain eliminated by the Group in relation to
                                                                                                              the Kraken shares received by the Group, with reference to
                                                                                                              applicable Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                         •    Supported by our EY Tax team we evaluated the tax impact to the
                                                                                                              Group of the demerger.
                                                                                                         •    Evaluated the adequacy of the related disclosures in the financial
                                                                                                              report.




                                      Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
                                      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                                      information included in the Company’s 2026 Annual report other than the financial report and our
                                      auditor’s report.

                                      Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                                      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
                                      and our related assurance opinion. We have issued a separate auditor’s report on selective
                                      sustainability information and subject matter included in the Sustainability Report.

                                      In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                                      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                                      report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                                      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                                      other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



                                      A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                      Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                                                        153
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                                                                                                                          Page 4




                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

                        ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                              and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                              2001; and




For personal use only
                        ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                              Corporations Act 2001; and

                        for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

                        ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                              and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

                        ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                              whether due to fraud or error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
                        going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                        free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                        includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                        audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                        judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                        ►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
                              fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
                              evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                              detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
                              error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
                              override of internal control.

                        ►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                              procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
                              opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                        ►     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                              estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                        ►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                              and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




   154
                    Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                          Page 5




                                            events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                                            concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
                                            our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
                                            inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
                                            to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
                                            cease to continue as a going concern.

                                            Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the




For personal use only
                                      ►
                                            disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
                                            in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                      ►     Plan and perform the Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
                                            financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
                                            opinion on the Group financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
                                            review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the Group audit. We remain solely
                                            responsible for our audit opinion.

                                      We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
                                      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
                                      identify during our audit.

                                      We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                                      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                                      matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
                                      taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

                                      From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                                      significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
                                      matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                                      disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                                      should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                                      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




                                      A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                      Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                     155
                                                                                                                               Annual Report




                                                                                                                      Page 6




                        Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 65 to 87 of the directors’ report for the
                        year ended 30 June 2026.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Origin Energy Limited for the year ended 30 June 2026,




For personal use only
                        complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Responsibilities
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                        Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
                        responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        Ernst & Young




                        Ryan Fisk
                        Partner
                        Sydney
                        13 August 2026




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




   156
                    Sustainability Report




                    Sustainability Report


                    Overview


                              TOTA L SCOP E 1, 2 AN D                        CO MM I TT E D B AT TE R Y                     I N TE G R AT E D G AS
                              3 EQUITY EM I S S I O NS                       PR OJ E CT S ( O W NE D                        S CO P E 1 AN D 2
                                                                             AND TO L L E D )                               O PE RA TE D E M IS S IO NS


                        44 Mt                                           1.8 GW /                                       2,634 kt
                        CO2-e                                           6.4 GWh                                        CO2-e
                        Scope 1, 2 and 3 down 17%                       1.3 GW / 4.1 GWh in operation as               Down 3% from FY25




For personal use only
                        from FY19 baseline                              at August 2026




                        TR ANSITION-RE L AT ED                               EVS                                            O RI G I N L OO P ( V P P)
                        CA PITAL SPEND                                       UN D E R MA NA G E ME N T                      C O NN E CT E D A SSE TS




                        $742m                                           2,841                                          1,589 MW
                        Includes maintenance, sustain and               Up from 1,638 as at June 2025                  Up from 1,454 MW as at
                        growth spend                                                                                   June 2025




                    I MPO RTANT INFOR MA TI O N                                            C ON TE NT S

                    This report has been prepared to provide stakeholders with              1. Basis of preparation
                    information about Origin’s climate-related risks and opportunities
                    that could reasonably be expected to affect the entity’s cash flows,
                                                                                            2. Governance
                    its access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or
                    long term.
                                                                                            3. Risk and opportunity management
                    The report contains climate-related information as well as forward-
                    looking statements. It should be read in conjunction with the           4. Resilience through the transition
                    ‘Important information’ section at the front of the Annual Report
                    on page 5.
                                                                                            5. Climate-related targets and transition plan

                                                                                            6. Greenhouse gas emissions

                                                                                            7. Notes to the Climate Statements

                                                                                            Directors’ Declaration

                                                                                            Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                          157
                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report




                    1 Basis of preparation
                    STA TEMENT OF COM P LI AN C E                                                 reduction targets; monitoring updates to climate science,
                    This Sustainability Report (Climate Statements) represents a                  jurisdictional responses, and key climate change developments;
                    complete set of climate-related financial disclosures for Origin              and reviewing the resilience of the Company’s portfolio and
                    Energy Limited and its controlled entities (the Group) for the year           ability to adapt to climate change risks and opportunities.
                    ended 30 June 2026. The Group’s climate-related disclosures
                    have been prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001               It reviews progress towards Origin’s emissions reduction
                    (Cth), and the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS)           targets at least annually. Should changes to those targets or
                    issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB),                   commitments be considered necessary, the Committee would
                    specifically AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures (AASB S2).                   oversee any such changes and make recommendations to the
                                                                                                  Board accordingly.
                    As this is the first year of application of AASB S2, the Group is
                    applying the transition relief available with respect to the disclosure   •   The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee considers
                    of comparative information and the disclosure and measurement                 safety and sustainability metrics, including those related to
                    of Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG). The Group has                      climate performance, to be incorporated into the Company’s




For personal use only
                    elected to voluntarily disclose comparative information for Scope             remuneration framework, taking into consideration the strategy
                    1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions and FY26 Scope 3 emissions under                     set by the Board.
                    existing GHG Protocol-aligned methodology. The Group has early
                    adopted AASB 2025-1 Amendments to Greenhouse Gas Emissions
                    Disclosures, issued in December 2025, for the reporting period            •   The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing
                    ended 30 June 2026. The amendments are effective for annual                   Origin’s assurance framework for public disclosures, specifically
                    reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with early            the processes for verifying the integrity of Origin’s corporate
                    adoption permitted.                                                           reports, including the climate-related disclosures in this
                                                                                                  Sustainability Report.
                    These climate-related financial disclosures were authorised for
                    issue by the Directors on 13 August 2026.                                     It also oversees the design, implementation and effectiveness
                                                                                                  of Origin’s risk management framework and makes
                    RE PORTING ENTITY A ND C O N NE C T I V I T Y WI T H                          recommendations to the Board on changes to the Company’s
                    F I NANCIAL STATE ME N TS                                                     risk appetite.
                    In this Sustainability Report, any reference to ‘Origin’, ‘Origin
                    Energy’, ‘Group’, ‘Origin Group’, ‘Company’, ‘we’ and ‘our’ is to         •   The Nomination Committee is responsible for assessing
                    Origin Energy Limited and its controlled entities. The climate-               whether the Board has the balance of skills, knowledge,
                    related financial disclosures have been prepared for the same                 experience, and diversity to discharge the Board’s role
                    reporting entity, reporting period and presentation currency as               effectively, how each Director’s skills and experience contribute
                    the Group’s consolidated financial statements. The disclosures                to that collective skill set, and identifying any additional
                    are presented in Australian dollars and are based on the                      capabilities required based on that assessment. This includes
                    same underlying data and assumptions used in preparing the                    assessing whether the Board has the appropriate skills and
                    consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise stated.                   competencies to oversee Origin’s strategy in respect of
                                                                                                  the energy transition, which includes responding to CRROs,
                    The Sustainability Report should be read in conjunction with the              and to deal with existing and emerging business and
                    Group’s consolidated financial statements. Where relevant, this               governance issues. The Nomination Committee considers
                    report cross-references information from Origin’s general-purpose             experience and skills relating to climate-related matters in
                    financial reporting in this Annual Report, including the Corporate            determining the criteria for Board membership, renewal and
                    Governance Statement, Directors’ Report, Remuneration Report                  succession planning.
                    and Financial Report.
                                                                                              Origin regularly uses scenario analysis at both a Board and
                                                                                              management level to evaluate uncertainties such as policy
                    2 Governance                                                              changes, technological innovation, market trends, societal shifts
                                                                                              and climate-related risks. To address these uncertainties, we
                    2.1 BO ARD OVERS I GH T OF C L I MA T E- R E L A T E D                    monitor key indicators such as carbon price changes, regulatory
                        R ISKS AND O PP ORTUN I T I ES                                        developments and the rate of clean technology adoption, to
                                                                                              enable investment and major transaction decisions, maintaining
                    The Board, supported by its committees, considers, reviews and            flexibility and resilience in capital planning.
                    monitors climate-related risks and opportunities (CRROs) that
                                                                                              CRROs are inherently connected to the Group’s core business
                    inform Origin’s strategy as part of its strategic oversight role.
                                                                                              activities and are considered by the Board where they arise
                    The roles and responsibilities of the Board and its committees
                                                                                              in connection with matters under consideration throughout the
                    are outlined in detail in their relevant charters available on
                                                                                              period. In FY26, CRROs were considered in decisions such as:
                    Origin’s website.
                                                                                              •   approving the fourth stage of the large-scale battery
                    Specifically:                                                                 development project at Eraring;
                    •   The Board retains ultimate responsibility for Company strategy.       •   progressing pre-FID activities for the Yanco Delta Wind Farm
                        In making material strategic decisions including any material             development project;
                        merger, acquisition, divestment or investment, the Board will
                                                                                              •   the extension of Eraring Power Station’s operations to
                        consider any impact the decision may have on the energy
                                                                                                  30 April 2029.
                        transition and any climate-related targets or commitments.
                                                                                              In making these decisions, the Board considered Origin’s 2030
                    •   The Safety and Sustainability Committee is responsible                emissions reduction targets while weighing the trade-offs between
                        for making recommendations to the Board on Origin’s                   security, reliability and affordability of energy supply. The Board
                        climate change strategy commitments, actions, and emissions           reviewed the CRROs this year as part of sustainability reporting
                                                                                              and will continue to do so at least annually. We will continue
   158
                    Sustainability Report




                    2 Governance (continued)
                    to identify opportunities to further embed CRROs in our annual         2 .3 I N CE NT IV I SI NG O UR P E O P L E
                    strategic planning processes.
                                                                                           Climate-related considerations are embedded in Origin’s short
                    The ‘Board and Committees’ section of the ‘Corporate Governance        term and long term incentive arrangements, reinforcing the
                    Statement’, provides details on:                                       link between our strategy, energy transition activities and
                    •   the composition, operation and specific roles and                  executive remuneration. Further details, including the percentage
                        responsibilities of the Board and each Committee;                  of remuneration that is linked to climate-related considerations,
                    •   the skills and experience of the Board (see ‘Skills’ sub heading   are disclosed in section 4.2.6 of the ‘Remuneration Report’, which
                        within the ‘Corporate Governance Statement’); and                  forms part of this Annual Report.
                    •   access by individual Directors and the Board on
                        induction, internal and external expert advice and ongoing         3 Risk and opportunity
                        professional development.
                                                                                             management
                    2.2 MANAGE MENT FUN CT I O N S WI T H




For personal use only
                        CL IMATE-RELAT ED RES P O NS I B I L I T I ES                      3 . 1 I D E N TI F Y IN G AN D I NT E G R AT I N G C L I M AT E
                                                                                                 C ON SI D E R AT I O NS
                    The CEO is the most senior individual responsible for climate-
                    related matters and is a member of the Board and the Safety and        Origin’s enterprise risk management framework sets clear
                    Sustainability Committee.                                              requirements that enable the business to embed risk management
                                                                                           into its ongoing activities. More details can be found in section 6 of
                    The Executive Leadership Team Safety and Sustainability
                                                                                           the ‘Operating and Financial Review’.
                    Committee (ELT SSC) supports management’s reporting to
                    the Safety and Sustainability Committee. The ELT SSC is the            Risks are categorised by the area impacted and assessed
                    primary executive-level governance committee for health, safety,       based on the likelihood of occurrence and the magnitude
                    environment and sustainability matters, including climate change.      of potential consequences, considering both financial and non-
                                                                                           financial measures. This assessment allows climate-related risks to
                    The ELT Risk, Assurance and Compliance Committee (ELT
                                                                                           be prioritised alongside Origin’s other risks on a consistent basis,
                    RAC) supports management’s reporting to the Audit and Risk
                                                                                           so that trade-offs can be weighed when allocating resources.
                    Committee. The ELT RAC reviews strategic and emerging risks, and
                                                                                           Risks are then escalated and monitored according to their
                    external issues and trends, including those related to climate.
                                                                                           assessed materiality.
                    The Executive General Managers of Retail, Integrated Gas,
                                                                                           Climate-specific scenario analysis is used to support the
                    Energy Supply and Operations, and Origin Zero are responsible
                                                                                           identification of CRROs through our long term financial planning
                    for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks;
                                                                                           process, major transaction and capital investment decisions,
                    maintaining oversight through their business unit-specific risk,
                                                                                           climate transition action planning and resilience testing. Origin uses
                    assurance and compliance committees; and reporting them to the
                                                                                           scenario analysis, where appropriate, to help identify CRROs and
                    relevant executive and Board committees.
                                                                                           assess the likelihood, nature and potential impact of transition and
                    The Origin Investment Committee (OIC) comprises Origin’s ELT           physical risks across a range of potential future pathways. The
                    and is responsible for the formal review and approval process for      scenarios applied may include, but are not limited to, low and high
                    the Group’s major capital expenditure and investment decisions.        emissions scenarios similar to those used in resilience testing, as
                    The OIC assesses material investments and considers alternative        outlined in ‘Resilience through the transition’ in this report.
                    options, including scenarios related to climate change, when
                                                                                           Where relevant, CRROs are also considered as part of major
                    assessing the investment business case against our strategic
                                                                                           transactions and capital investment decisions that are subject to
                    objectives and ability to create value for our shareholders. The
                                                                                           a formal review and approval process. Decisions consider the
                    OIC also considers the potential impacts of relevant investment
                                                                                           potential impact on our climate change commitments and the
                    decisions on Origin’s emissions reduction targets and ambition,
                                                                                           trade-offs between any associated risks and opportunities, while
                    where relevant.
                                                                                           balancing the need for economic returns against our strategy
                    Management applies processes integrated within Origin’s existing       and risk appetite. The emissions profile of investments and their
                    risk management, strategy, capital allocation, assurance and           interaction with climate-related targets and compliance obligations
                    reporting frameworks to support the oversight of CRROs. Origin’s       are also considered as part of the investment evaluation process.
                    enterprise risk management processes enable the identification,        Where an investment is expected to generate tradeable emissions
                    assessment, prioritisation and monitoring of CRROs. Controls           certificates or is expected to increase exposure to carbon
                    regarding climate-related data and disclosures are aligned with        compliance costs, the anticipated financial impact is built into the
                    Origin’s broader internal processes and frameworks to promote          investment decision. Depending on the nature of the project, we
                    consistency, reliability and connectivity across sustainability and    may run a sensitivity analysis that applies Australian Carbon Credit
                    financial reporting.                                                   Units (ACCU) pricing against the investment’s carbon emissions, to
                                                                                           support management’s consideration. In FY26, a real price range
                                                                                           of $36 to $89 per tonne was applied, reflecting an increasing price
                                                                                           trajectory over the projection period.

                                                                                           In FY26, subject matter experts from across the business assessed
                                                                                           the CRROs relevant to Origin. This assessment specifically mapped
                                                                                           the CRROs across the value chain in line with the requirements
                                                                                           of AASB S2, considering the scenario analysis stress testing
                                                                                           performed as part of resilience testing for AASB S2. This process
                                                                                           used the same scenarios discussed in the ‘Resilience through the
                                                                                           transition’ section of this report.


                                                                                                                                                                    159
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                    3. 2 C LIMATE-RELAT ED RI S K S A ND                                                                                                  An upper boundary has not been disclosed for the High category
                         O PPORTU NITIE S                                                                                                                 as the significant measurement uncertainty involved in estimating
                                                                                                                                                          to such a limit would not provide useful information for primary
                    The CRROs set out in the following tables should be read in                                                                           users of the disclosures.
                    conjunction with the business model and value chain disclosed
                                                                                                                                                          Origin’s base case represents the Group’s best estimate of
                    in the ‘Review of segment operations’ section in the ‘Operating
                                                                                                                                                          financial outcomes, based on the business planning assumptions
                    and Financial Review’. Materiality judgements are made with
                                                                                                                                                          considered most probable. Anticipated financial effects have been
                    regard to current and anticipated effects on financial position,
                                                                                                                                                          assessed against this base case, with targeted sensitivities applied
                    financial performance and cash flows. They are considered against
                                                                                                                                                          to key inputs where each CRRO is expected to have the most
                    thresholds consistent with those applied to financial reporting and
                                                                                                                                                          influence. The effects are quantified under assumptions that may
                    are informed by both quantitative and qualitative factors.
                                                                                                                                                          differ from the base case but are still considered possible.
                    CRROs that could reasonably be expected to affect Origin’s
                                                                                                                                                          CRROs may affect different elements of the financial statements
                    prospects have been identified with regard to both the enterprise
                                                                                                                                                          with the most relevant financial statement impact identified for
                    risk framework and factors that could reasonably be expected




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                          each CRRO in the following tables. Unless otherwise disclosed,
                    to influence the decisions of primary users of general-purpose
                                                                                                                                                          the financial impacts have been quantified on a real, average
                    financial reports.
                                                                                                                                                          annualised basis before tax. Given the varied impact CRROs may
                    Origin applies the following time horizons in the assessment                                                                          have across the value chain, the aggregate impact has been
                    of CRROs:                                                                                                                             assessed using combined operating and investing net cash flows.
                    •    ST = Short term (1–3 years);                                                                                                     Quantified impacts are presented on a mitigated basis and have
                                                                                                                                                          been modelled to FY50.
                    •    MT = Medium term (4–10 years); and,
                    •    LT = Long term (10+ years).                                                                                                      We note that the following assessment is relevant as at the
                                                                                                                                                          reporting date. Further detail on the assessment approach,
                    Origin has quantified the impacts of CRROs based on their                                                                             assumptions and significant judgements is set out in ‘Notes to the
                    potential anticipated financial impact, defined as:                                                                                   Climate Statements’ in this report.
                    •    Low: $50 million to $100 million;
                                                                                                                                                          The current and anticipated management actions captured
                    •    Moderate: $100 million to $200 million; and,                                                                                     here should be read in conjunction with the ‘Strategic and
                    •    High: more than $200 million.                                                                                                    Emerging Risks’ disclosure in section 6 of the ‘Operating and
                                                                                                                                                          Financial Review’.

                        The following diagram summarises Origin’s CRROs and the corresponding areas of the value chain impacted.




                         Energy Markets
                                                     TR5/                              TR5/                                          TR4/   TR5/                                                                TR5/                                             TR4/   TR5/
                                             TR3             PR1                 TR1          PR1                TR1   TR2     TR3                 TO3   PR1                 TR1   PR1                   TR2            TO3                                                      TO3
                                                                                                                                     TO1                                                                                                                         TO1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Octopus
                                                     TO2                               TO2                                                  TO2                                                                 TO2                                                     TO2



                                                      Fuel
                                                                                       Transportation                         Generation and trading                           Networks
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Customer                Energy*                         Customer
                                                      supply                                                                                                                                                     solutions                                               solutions




                                                                    TR5/                                          TR5/                                          TR5/                                                   TR5/                                             TR5/
                                               TR1    TR2     TR3          PR1                TR1   TR2    TR3               PR1                   TR2   TR3           PR1                              TR2     TR3                                      TR2     TR3            PR1
                                                                    TO2                                           TO2                                           TO2                                                    TO2                                              TO2


                         APLNG                               Exploration                                    Drilling and                                                                                       Domestic                                            Liquefaction and
                                                                                                                                                               Processing
                                                             and appraisal                                  gathering                                          and transport                                   customers                                           export customers




                        TRANSITION RISKS (TR) AND TRANSITION OPPORTUNITIES (TO)                                                                                                                                                                    PHYSICAL RISKS (PR)

                                TR1: Project delays and             TR2: Impact of climate          TR3: Accelerated                 TR4/TO1: Increased                TR5/TO2: Reputation,                    TO3: Growth through                     PR1: Extreme weather events
                                supply constraints arising          policy and regulatory           decline in fossil fuel           volatility from a                 stakeholder expectations                the energy transition                   and changing climate impacts
                                from increased demand               changes on financial            demand                           disruptive transition             and access to capital
                                associated with the                 performance
                                energy transition

                                                                                                                                                                               *Risks and opportunities apply to Octopus Energy. No material risks or opportunities apply to Kraken Technologies.




  160
                    Sustainability Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                    TR A NSITION RISKS AN D OP P O R T U NI T I ES

                        TRANSITION RISK 1: Project delays and supply constraints arising from increased demand associated with the energy transition
                        Description                                                                                                                 Aggregated quantification
                        Higher demand for goods and services needed for the energy transition, including but not limited                     ST     Not material
                        to equipment, labour, land, and access to infrastructure and connection assets, may lead to supply                   MT     Not material
                        constraints. This could delay project delivery and increase costs for strategic development projects. As
                        a result, we may be exposed to higher market prices, which could affect the delivery timeframes of our               LT     Not material
                        transition plan and the timing and planning of external funding.


                        FI N ANCIAL STATE ME N T AR E A S P O TE NT I A L L Y I M P AC T E D
                        Financial position:                                           Income statement:                                Cash flow:

                        •   Property, plant and equipment (PPE)                       •   Expenses                                     •     Cash flows from operating activities




For personal use only
                        •   Derivatives                                               •   Results of equity accounted investees        •     Cash flows from investing activities
                        •   Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                          •     Cash flows from financing activities


                        CU RRENT AND AN TI C I PAT ED M A NA G E ME NT A C TI O N S
                        Disciplined capital management                                               Supply chain and procurement

                        •   OIC oversees major transaction spend and applies a disciplined,          •   Inventory stock designed to mitigate supply chain disruption.
                            adaptive approach to capital allocation as conditions evolve.            •   Procurement and prospecting teams to capture key opportunities,
                        •   Diversification and sequencing of the portfolio to reduce exposure           maximise value, and diversify the supplier base.
                            to constraints in any given product or location.
                                                                                                     Commercial and contractual arrangements
                        Project delivery and operational capability
                                                                                                     •   Fixed price Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) and
                        •   A defined project framework, timeframes and guidelines when                  Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) are used where possible to
                            managing major projects, to avoid project delays.                            mitigate cost and market exposure.


                        QUA NTIFICATION BA SI S
                        Current impacts
                        No material financial impacts directly attributed to this risk have          Based on information available at the reporting date, no significant
                        been identified in the current reporting period.                             risk of material adjustment is anticipated in FY27.
                        Anticipated impacts
                        Across the value chain, particularly for projects in progress;               Australia Pacific LNG – exploration and appraisal, drilling
                        substantially mitigated by existing and anticipated management               and gathering
                        actions, as it pertains to climate-related drivers. This assessment
                                                                                                     Basis of estimate: Assumed access is ultimately obtained but
                        excludes the impact of non climate-related factors on cost, which
                                                                                                     delayed two to five years beyond the base case.
                        may alter the overall economic assessment.
                                                                                                     Conclusion: Not material.
                        Source of exposure: Constraints to resources in high demand,
                        resulting in potential delays or cost increases.                             Significant judgements and uncertainties
                        Energy Markets – renewable development projects                              Risk is largely episodic in nature. Analysis assumes that any
                                                                                                     sustained pressures in supply chain would be corrected by
                        Basis of estimate: A cost uplift on the base case power purchase
                                                                                                     normal supply–demand mechanics in the medium to long term.
                        cost of exposed, in-progress projects, using blended forecast and
                                                                                                     Quantification of this risk considers those projects with a higher
                        historical CSIRO GenCost(1) data for relevant technology.
                                                                                                     certainty of progress in the short to medium term, in our base
                        Conclusion: Not material                                                     planning case. Other factors could influence cost price increases
                                                                                                     that are not climate-related, which have not been included as part
                                                                                                     of this assessment.
                    (1) Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, https://www.csiro.au/-/media/Energy/GenCost-2025-26-
                        Draft/GenCost2025-26ConsultDraft_20251216-FINAL.pdf


                        EX TENT OF ASSE TS OR B U SI N ES S A C TI V I T I E S E X P OS E D T O C L I M A T E - R E L A T E D R I S K
                        ~$1 billion                  Represents the portion of total assets in the value chain potentially exposed to this risk, as a percentage of the
                                                     Group’s total assets per the financial statements.
                        (5%)




                                                                                                                                                                                    161
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        TRANSITION RISK 2: Impact of climate policy and regulatory changes on financial performance
                        Description                                                                                                            Aggregated quantification
                        Climate-related policy, legislation and regulation may change, with potential settings that influence            ST    High
                        capital allocation towards renewable generation, or new regulatory measures aimed at maintaining                 MT    High
                        energy security during the energy transition. Changes could alter the regulatory frameworks governing
                        the development, production and sale of energy products, constraining current operating practices                LT    Low
                        or introducing additional requirements. We may face higher compliance costs and changes to the
                        commercial viability of affected assets or projects, placing pressure on financial performance and
                        capital allocation.


                        FI N ANCIAL STATE ME N T AR E A S P O TE NT I A L L Y I M P AC T E D
                        Financial position:                                          Income statement:                               Cash flow:

                        •   PPE                                                      •   Revenue                                     •   Cash flows from operating activities




For personal use only
                        •   Provisions and liabilities                               •   Expenses                                    •   Cash flows from investing activities
                        •   Investments accounted for using the equity method        •   Results from equity accounted investees     •   Cash flows from financing activities
                        •   Other financial assets and other financial liabilities   •   Impairment of non-current assets


                        CU RRENT AND AN TI C I PAT ED M A NA G E ME NT A C TI O N S
                        Disciplined capital management                                              Stakeholder engagement

                        •   OIC oversees major transaction spend and applies a disciplined          •   Proactive engagement with government and regulators to
                            approach to capital allocation.                                             advocate for a balanced and just energy transition reflecting
                        •   Scenario-based planning and portfolio stress testing to assess              stakeholder needs.
                            earnings sensitivity to potential changes.                              •   Ongoing dialogue with policymakers and regulators to monitor
                                                                                                        emerging policy developments and ensure timely compliance.


                        QUA NTIFICATION BA SI S
                        Current impacts
                        No material financial impacts directly as a result of changes in            Refer to the ‘Climate-related targets and transition plan’ in this
                        policy or regulation have been identified this period. However, the         report for further detail on the Safeguard Mechanism Rule.
                        business incurs climate-related regulatory costs including:
                                                                                                    The time and employee costs attributable to climate-related
                        •   renewable certificate-based expenses (Note A.4 of the                   compliance activities are not separately identifiable from broader
                            ‘Financial Report’);                                                    regulatory compliance costs incurred.
                        •   net asset position held across certificates on hand, scheme             Based on information available at the reporting date, no significant
                            surrender obligations and forward trades. (‘Other financial             risk of material adjustment is anticipated in FY27.
                            assets and liabilities’, Note C.5 of the ‘Financial Report’); and,
                        •   awarded Safeguard Mechanism Credits (SMCs) reflected in the
                            carrying value of Australia Pacific LNG.




   162
                    Sustainability Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        Anticipated impacts
                        The effects of current policies are reflected in the base case, and the   Basis of estimate: For carbon, a higher-cost alternative resulting in a
                        amounts below quantify the exposure if these settings tighten.            38% emission-based weighted average premium on current Safeguard
                                                                                                  Mechanism assumptions was applied.
                        Energy Markets – customer sales
                                                                                                  For gas reservation, this was calculated as the revenue loss from
                        Source of exposure: Lower tariff revenue where climate policy             diverting assumed offshore cargoes domestically at the base case
                        influences the Default Market Offer (DMO) through the wholesale           pricing differential.
                        pricing component.
                                                                                                  Conclusion: The impact of each to Origin’s annualised share of Australia
                        Basis of estimate: A short term revenue reduction against the             Pacific LNG dividends is not material.
                        wholesale pricing component, phasing down over the medium term
                        as the market moves to equilibrium, informed by the Australian Energy     Significant judgements and uncertainties
                        Regulator (AER) 2026–2027 price determination.
                                                                                                  The analysis targets a limited set of key drivers, covering potential
                        Conclusion: Revenue reduction assessed as ‘Low’ in the short term.        increases to current policy settings and proposed policies that are




For personal use only
                                                                                                  currently in consultation where implementation is likely, and the design
                        Energy Markets – generation                                               is sufficiently developed to quantify. Earlier-stage policies are not
                        Source of exposure: Increased incentives compress capacity hedge          quantified as the level of measurement uncertainty involved in estimating
                        contracts (cap) pricing more sharply than base case, which                their final form and likelihood is so high that the resulting quantitative
                        reflects the progression of current schemes, such as the Australian       information would not be decision-useful. The estimate above reflects
                        Government Capacity Investment Scheme and NSW Long Term                   the Safeguard Mechanism as currently legislated and does not consider
                        Energy Service Agreements.                                                the review of the Safeguard Mechanism in the second half of 2026,
                                                                                                  which may change the facilities covered or increase the associated
                        Basis of estimate: A phased, accelerated reduction beyond base            regulatory burden.
                        case cap pricing, troughing in the short to medium term when
                        existing schemes and any further intervention would have maximum          The assessment also assumes all components of the risk will materialise
                        market impact.                                                            simultaneously, and therefore, the net impact of this risk may materialise
                                                                                                  lower than presented. The cost of increased compliance is also excluded,
                        Conclusion: Revenue reduction assessed as ‘Moderate’ in the short         as the operational effort and time involved cannot be separated.
                        term and ‘High’ in the medium term.
                                                                                                  The anticipated financial effects of an increase in regulatory intervention
                        Australia Pacific LNG – across the value chain                            have also been considered as part of ‘Transition risk 4/Transition
                                                                                                  opportunity 1: Increased volatility from a disruptive transition’, and
                        Source of exposure: Exposure to the Australia Pacific LNG investment
                                                                                                  ‘Transition opportunity 3: growth through the energy transition’. Policy
                        is twofold – potential higher carbon costs under the Safeguard
                                                                                                  is considered a potential key factor behind increased market volatility as
                        Mechanism, and lost revenue under the Australian Government’s
                                                                                                  well as renewable growth, which may in turn increase revenue outcomes
                        proposed Domestic Gas Reservation Mechanism, which would require
                                                                                                  across the sector.
                        east coast liquefied natural gas (LNG) exporters to direct 20%
                        equivalent of export volumes to the domestic market from 1 July 2027.


                        EX TENT OF ASSE TS OR B U SI N ES S A C TI V I T I E S E X P OS E D T O C L I M A T E - R E L A T E D R I S K
                        ~$12.5 billion                Represents the portion of PPE, intangibles and equity accounted investees that are potentially exposed to this
                                                      transition risk, expressed as a percentage of the sum of the combined total balances per the financial statements.
                        (82%)




                                                                                                                                                                                163
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        TRANSITION RISK 3: Accelerated decline in fossil fuel demand
                        Description                                                                                                            Aggregated quantification
                        Accelerated decline in fossil fuel demand may reduce gas sales volumes and gross margins. Over time, this ST           Not material
                        may make elements of gas and LNG portfolios less economic.                                                MT           Moderate
                                                                                                                                         LT    Moderate


                        FI N ANCIAL STATE ME N T AR E A S P O TE NT I A L L Y I M P AC T E D
                        Financial position:                                          Income statement:                               Cash flow:

                        •   Investments accounted for using the equity method        •   Revenue                                     •   Cash flows from operating activities
                        •   PPE and intangibles                                      •   Expenses                                    •   Cash flows from investing activities
                        •   Onerous contract provisions                              •   Results from equity accounted investees




For personal use only
                                                                                     •   Impairment losses


                        CU RRENT AND AN TI C I PAT ED M A NA G E ME NT A C TI O N S
                        Disciplined capital management                                              Customer and product

                        •   OIC oversees major transaction spend and applies a disciplined          •   Customer transition initiatives and product offerings to
                            approach to capital allocation, mitigating risk of capital deployed         support electrification and retain customer relationships as gas
                            into uneconomic fossil fuel assets.                                         demand declines.
                        •   A diversified portfolio of gas supply and customer contracts, with      Stakeholder engagement
                            continued portfolio optimisation as market conditions change.
                                                                                                    •   Ongoing engagement with governments and stakeholders on
                        Financial risk management                                                       coordinated energy policy and energy security considerations.
                        •   Commodity price exposure managed in accordance with the risk
                            management framework, including hedging where appropriate.


                        QUA NTIFICATION BA SI S
                        Current impacts
                        No material financial impacts directly attributable to this risk were       Based on information available at the reporting date, no significant
                        identified in the current reporting period.                                 risk of material adjustment is anticipated in FY27.
                        Anticipated impacts
                        Energy Markets – wholesale trading and fuel supply                          Conclusion: Reduction to Origin’s share of Australia Pacific LNG
                                                                                                    dividends assessed as ‘Low’ in the medium and ‘Moderate’ in the
                        Source of exposure: Lower gross profit where an accelerated
                                                                                                    long term.
                        decline in fossil fuel demand reduces wholesale gas pricing.
                                                                                                    Significant judgements and uncertainties
                        Basis of estimate: The internal low-range Japan Korea Marker
                        (JKM) pricing assumption applied to current contracted positions            The low-range pricing assumptions are informed by a range of
                        and the forecast consumption outlook.                                       external sources such as the IEA scenarios, selected to represent
                                                                                                    an accelerated decline in fossil fuel demand. The sensitivity flexes
                        Conclusion: Gross profit reduction assessed as ‘Low’ in the
                                                                                                    price only; production volumes, operating costs, foreign exchange
                        medium term.
                                                                                                    and other inputs are held at base case. It does not capture
                        Australia Pacific LNG – across the value chain                              interactions between correlated drivers, so actual outcomes
                                                                                                    may differ.
                        Source of exposure: Lower distributions from Australia Pacific LNG
                        where an accelerated decline in fossil fuel demand reduces the     The anticipated financial impacts of declining Retail gas demand
                        realised price on LNG sales.                                       cannot be isolated from the electrification opportunity assessed
                                                                                           within ‘Transition opportunity 3: Growth through the energy
                        Basis of estimate: Internal low-range oil and gas pricing          transition’. As customers move from gas to electricity, lower gas
                        assumptions, informed by external data sources such as the         demand is substantially offset by higher electricity demand, and
                        International Energy Agency (IEA), applied on a gradual glide path these effects are therefore assessed together.
                        from 2027 base-case values.


                        EX TENT OF ASSE TS OR B U SI N ES S A C TI V I T I E S E X P OS E D T O C L I M A T E - R E L A T E D R I S K
                        ~$1 billion (Origin-          Measures the portion of Origin-derived revenue and Origin’s share of revenue from equity accounted investees,
                        owned operations)             expressed as a percentage of the combined total per the financial statements.

                        ~$2 billion (equity
                        accounted investments at
                        Origin share)

                        (14%)




  164
                    Sustainability Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        TRANSITION RISK 4/TRANSITION OPPORTUNITY 1: Increased volatility from a disruptive transition
                        Description                                                                                                              Net aggregated
                                                                                                                                                 quantification of risk
                        Disruptions to the energy transition or changes and uncertainties in government policy could lead to                     and opportunity
                        greater volatility in energy prices and affect the use of thermal generation assets. These disruptions may
                        accelerate the uptake of renewable energy, while the retirement of higher-emitting generation assets may           ST    Not material
                        occur before sufficient replacement capacity is available. This could increase demand for technologies             MT    Moderate
                        that provide reliable and flexible energy supply, such as gas peaking plants, hydro generation and                 LT    Not material
                        battery storage.


                        FI N ANCIAL STATE ME N T AR E A S P O TE NT I A L L Y I M P AC T E D
                        Financial position:                                            Income statement:                               Cash flow:

                        •   PPE and intangibles                                        •   Revenue                                     •   Cash flows from operating activities




For personal use only
                        •   Investments accounted for using the equity method          •   Expenses                                    •   Cash flows from investing activities
                        •   Derivatives                                                •   Results from equity accounted investees
                        •   Provisions                                                 •   Depreciation expense
                                                                                       •   Impairment losses


                        CU RRENT AND AN TI C I PAT ED M A NA G E ME NT A C TI O N S
                        Disciplined capital management                                                Financial risk management

                        •   OIC oversees major transaction spend and applies a disciplined            •   Commodity and market risk exposure managed in accordance with
                            approach to capital allocation.                                               Origin’s risk management framework, including position limits, credit
                        •   A diverse portfolio of contracts and generation assets with the               risk controls and collateral management, where applicable.
                            potential to optimise the portfolio as coal economics change.          Customer and product
                        •  Assessing opportunities to repurpose existing fossil fuel sites for new
                           energy infrastructure where feasible, such as the battery storage       • Innovation and customer collaboration to develop and scale
                           development at Eraring.                                                   electrification and flexibility offerings such as behind-the-meter
                                                                                                     solar and battery solutions, and orchestration, supporting portfolio
                        Project delivery and operational capability                                  resilience and optionality.

                        •   Operational readiness and asset integrity frameworks to support the       Stakeholder engagement
                            safe, reliable and flexible operation of dispatchable assets as system
                            conditions change.                                                        •   Active engagement with governments, regulators and market bodies
                                                                                                          to support coordinated market design and policy settings that
                                                                                                          maintain reliability and investment signals throughout the transition.


                        QUA NTIFICATION BA SI S
                        Current impacts
                        The impacts of a disruptive transition cannot be quantified in                •   Continued investment in our renewable and firming portfolio:
                        isolation as a range of interacting factors, such as cost-of-living
                                                                                                          – Eraring Stage 1 and 3 battery commissioned;
                        pressures, geopolitical events, regulatory intervention and broader
                        macroeconomic conditions, influence observed market outcomes.                     – Supernode 1 and 2 tolling arrangement in effect;
                        That said, market impacts and business responses have been                        – Summerfield battery contracted;
                        evident during FY26, as follows:
                                                                                                          – Construction continued for Eraring Stage 2 and 4, and
                        •   Origin extended the operation of Eraring Power Station to                       Mortlake batteries;(1) and
                            April 2029, extending its useful life, decelerating depreciation              – Progressed pre-FID development activities for Yanco Delta
                            and delaying timing of closure-related remediation. (‘Overview’                 Wind Farm.
                            section of the ‘Financial Report’).
                                                                                                          These projects are recognised as PPE and lease commitments in
                        •   Impairment of solar development projects (Note C.2 of the                     the ‘Financial Report’ (Notes C.2 and G.2, respectively).
                            ‘Financial Report’), driven by more frequent negative pricing
                            intervals linked to increased solar penetration.                          Based on information available at the reporting date, there is no
                                                                                                      significant risk of material adjustment anticipated in FY27.
                        •   Continued use of derivatives to hedge against inherent volatility
                            in the energy markets, including those driven by climate factors
                            (Note D.5 of the ‘Financial Report’).

                    (1) On 11 August 2026, the Mortlake battery became commercially available.




                                                                                                                                                                                   165
                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        Anticipated impacts
                        On a net basis, the opportunity is expected to outweigh the associated risk, with the combined impact to operating and investing net cash flow
                        assessed as ‘Moderate’ in the medium term.
                        Risk | ST, MT, LT: Not material
                        As effective portfolio management, including hedging, is assumed              Significant judgements and uncertainties
                        to continue in the base case, the residual exposure from increased
                        volatility and intermittency is not material. The risk identified is across   The estimated frequency and timing of volatility events are based on
                        the generation and trading portfolios, and customer solutions in              historical experience and may develop as future information becomes
                        Octopus Energy.                                                               available. For the generation and trading portfolio, the period of
                                                                                                      maximum volatility matches the approximated peak of coal generation
                                                                                                      exit (approximately 2033), which may also change as the energy
                                                                                                      transition continues.
                        Opportunity | ST: Low MT: High LT: Low




For personal use only
                        The base case assumes that the generation fleet captures revenue              Significant judgements and uncertainties
                        from wholesale volatility consistent with long term National Electricity
                        Market (NEM) averages, in line with Origin’s active portfolio                 Judgement has been applied in assessing anticipated price uplifts and
                        management and hedging approach. The opportunity represents an                the frequency of high-price events, peaking around 2033 to reflect coal
                        increase in that volatility driven by a disruptive transition.                exit. Outcomes depend on the timing of coal retirements, the scale and
                                                                                                      timing of firming investment, the evolution of wholesale volatility, market
                        Energy Markets – generation and trading                                       hedging responses and network orchestration, all of which may change
                                                                                                      as the energy transition continues. Our analysis also assumes that in the
                        Source of opportunity: Higher gross margin where increased                    long term, sustained periods of heightened volatility would be corrected
                        wholesale volatility lifts the frequency of high-price events and the         by normal supply-demand market mechanics. No assessment of the
                        capture of pool price spikes as coal exits.                                   likelihood of all factors occurring simultaneously has been performed.
                        Basis of estimate: Uplifts to base case cap and pool prices, derived          In practice, it is unlikely that the risk and opportunity drivers set out
                        from the historical average of above-mean annual returns across               above would all materialise at the same time, and they may not be
                        the NEM and applied to current generation assets. This would                  mutually exclusive.
                        peak around 2033, consistent with the coal exit inflexion point,              The anticipated financial benefits of firming through the orchestration
                        before normal supply–demand mechanics within the market stabilise             of customer assets and behind-the-meter solutions have been assessed
                        any pressures.                                                                within ‘Transition opportunity 3: Growth through the energy transition’.
                        Conclusion: The increase to average annualised gross margin                   These benefits from orchestration cannot be separated from customer
                        assessed as ‘Low’ in both the short and long term and ‘High’ in               consumption behaviours during the shift to electrification and are
                        the medium term, easing as further generation and firming capacity            therefore assessed under the energy transition opportunity.
                        rebalances the market over time.


                        EX TENT OF ASSE TS OR B U SI N ES S A C TI V I T I E S E X P OS E D T O C L I M A T E - R E L A T E D R I S K
                        A ND OP PORTUNIT Y
                        ~$8.5 billion                  Measures the portion of PPE, intangibles and equity accounted investees that is potentially impacted by this
                                                       transition risk and opportunity, expressed as a percentage of the combined total per the financial statements.
                        (54%)




   166
                    Sustainability Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        TRANSITION RISK 5/TRANSITION OPPORTUNITY 2: Reputation, stakeholder expectations and access to capital
                        Description                                                                                                          Aggregated quantification
                        Failure to deliver on stated commitments, perceived greenwashing, or misaligned capital allocation may         ST    Not quantified
                        result in reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny and erosion of investor and customer confidence.            MT    Not quantified
                        However, credibly leading the energy transition and aligning capital allocation with stated commitments
                        builds stakeholder trust and brand value as expectations of investors, customers and regulators continue       LT    Not quantified
                        to rise. This provides an opportunity to strengthen brand value, long term earnings resilience and access
                        to capital.


                        FI N ANCIAL STATE ME N T AR E A S P O TE NT I A L L Y I M P AC T E D
                        Financial position:                             Income statement:                                 Cash flow:

                        •   Investments accounted for using the         •   Revenue                                       •   Cash flows from operating activities
                            equity method                               •   Expenses                                      •   Cash flows from investing activities




For personal use only
                        •   PPE and intangibles                         •   Results from equity accounted investees       •   Cash flows from financing activities
                        •   Provisions and contingent liabilities       •   Impairment losses
                        •   Interest-bearing liabilities                •   Interest expense


                        CU RRENT AND AN TI C I PAT ED M A NA G E ME NT A C TI O N S
                        Disciplined capital management                                            Customer and product

                        •   OIC oversees major transaction spend and applies a disciplined        •   Continued focus on customer outcomes and affordability through
                            approach to capital allocation.                                           product design, pricing and hardship settings, with monitoring of
                                                                                                      trust, complaints and churn indicators.
                        Stakeholder engagement
                                                                                                  •   Investment in innovation and partnerships to scale new energy
                        •   A comprehensive framework to manage various stakeholders,                 products and services, including behind-the-meter solutions
                            including communities, customers and other stakeholders.                  such as rooftop solar, batteries, Electric Vehicle (EV) charging
                        •   Regular engagement with investors, lenders, rating agencies, and          and orchestration.
                            insurers to communicate progress against strategy and support         Governance and assurance
                            ongoing access to capital and insurance markets.
                                                                                                  •   Governance, disclosure and assurance processes over climate
                        Project delivery and operational capability                                   commitments and transition progress, with defined accountabilities
                        •   Operational integrity, incident prevention and crisis management          and data and control frameworks, to reduce greenwashing risk.
                            arrangements to minimise adverse events and support timely and
                            consistent communications where issues arise.


                        QUA NTIFICATION BA SI S
                        Current impacts
                        No material financial impacts solely attributable to this risk and        Based on information available at the reporting date, no significant
                        opportunity have been identified in the current reporting period.         risk of material adjustment is anticipated in FY27.
                        Anticipated impacts
                        The anticipated financial impacts associated with this risk and           These effects are not discrete events but accrue through day-to-
                        opportunity cannot be quantified, as this would be subject to             day operational decisions and cannot be meaningfully isolated
                        a significant level of measurement uncertainty, such that the             from or attributed to ongoing business performance. Stakeholder
                        resulting information would not be decision-useful. This is due           responses over time may give rise to both adverse and positive
                        to the indirect and intangible nature of impacts on stakeholder           financial outcomes.
                        trust, brand value and long term earnings resilience, as well as
                                                                                                  Adverse reputational outcomes could reduce revenue through
                        the complex and variable nature of public, investor and customer
                                                                                                  customer attrition; increase operating expenses, finance costs and
                        perceptions. Outcomes may be influenced by a wide range of
                                                                                                  the cost of capital; give rise to impairment indicators for goodwill,
                        external factors, including market conditions, policy developments
                                                                                                  intangibles and PPE; and result in provisions or contingent liabilities
                        and broader stakeholder sentiment.
                                                                                                  from climate litigation or regulatory action. Favourable reputational
                                                                                                  outcomes could support revenue through customer acquisition
                                                                                                  and retention; reduce reactive spending; lower the cost of capital;
                                                                                                  broaden access to sustainability-linked financing; and support asset
                                                                                                  carrying values.


                        EX TENT OF ASSE TS OR B U SI N ES S A C TI V I T I E S E X P OS E D T O C L I M A T E - R E L A T E D R I S K
                        A ND OP PORTUNIT Y
                        The risk and opportunity described represents a whole-of-business exposure. Therefore, 100% of assets and business activities are exposed to this
                        climate-related risk and opportunity.




                                                                                                                                                                            167
                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        TRANSITION OPPORTUNITY 3: Growth through the energy transition
                        Description                                                                                                          Aggregated quantification
                        The energy transition creates material growth opportunities across electrification, energy services,           ST    Not quantified
                        flexibility and generation. Adoption of EVs, solar and batteries, can deepen customer value and capture        MT    Not quantified
                        new flex and orchestration revenue. Renewables, firming and storage build-out create opportunities
                        supporting long term earnings resilience and strengthening competitiveness.                                    LT    Not quantified


                        FI N ANCIAL STATE ME N T AR E A S P O TE NT I A L L Y I M P AC T E D
                        Financial position:                                         Income statement:                              Cash flow:

                        •   Investments accounted for using the equity method       •   Revenue                                    •   Cash flows from operating activities
                        •   PPE and intangibles                                     •   Expenses                                   •   Cash flows from investing activities
                                                                                    •   Results from equity accounted investees




For personal use only
                        CU RRENT AND AN TI C I PAT ED M A NA G E ME NT A C TI O N S
                        Disciplined capital management                                             •   Use of data and digital capabilities to improve customer demand
                        •   OIC oversees major transaction spend and applies a disciplined             forecasting and enable orchestration through virtual power plant
                            approach to capital allocation.                                            (VPP) capabilities, supporting better system outcomes and new
                                                                                                       sources of growth.
                        •   Proactive portfolio sequencing and diversification across
                            technologies and counterparties, maintaining flexibility as markets    Stakeholder engagement
                            and customer needs evolve.
                                                                                                   •   Engagement with governments, regulators and market bodies on
                        Customer and product                                                           market design and policy settings that enable investment and
                                                                                                       maintain reliability and affordability through the transition.
                        •   Continued progress on technologies and partnerships, including
                            renewable generation and flexible firming solutions to position the    Financial risk management
                            portfolio for demand growth and evolving system needs.
                                                                                                   •   Management of commodity, market and credit exposures in line
                        •   Investment in innovation and partnerships to scale new offerings           with Origin’s risk management framework to support more stable
                            that meet changing customer needs, including behind-the-meter              outcomes as portfolio and customer offerings evolve.
                            solutions such as rooftop solar, batteries and EV charging.


                        QUA NTIFICATION BA SI S
                        Current impacts
                        The impacts of the energy transition opportunity cannot be                 The benefits of this opportunity are closely linked to ‘Transition
                        quantified in isolation as observed market outcomes are influenced         opportunity 1: Increased volatility from a disruptive transition’,
                        by a range of non climate-related factors. Attributing a discrete          where the current period financial effects of these projects
                        financial effect to this opportunity would require disaggregating          are detailed.
                        it from these factors, which cannot be done reliably, and the
                                                                                                   Distributed and customer-side energy platforms continued to
                        resulting disaggregated figure (or any combined market figure)
                                                                                                   expand during the period. Origin Loop, our VPP, continued to grow,
                        would not provide decision-useful information.
                                                                                                   supported by investment in community and network batteries
                        That said, market impacts and business responses have been                 across NEM states and a rising number of EVs under management
                        evident during FY26. Several projects aligned with the energy              – refer to section 5.1.7 of the ‘Operating and Financial Review’ for
                        transition were progressed, including the Eraring, Supernode and           further details.
                        Mortlake batteries; committing to the Summerfield battery; and
                                                                                                   Based on information available at the reporting date, no significant
                        progress on pre-FID development activities for the Yanco Delta
                                                                                                   risk of material adjustment is anticipated in FY27.
                        Wind Farm project.




   168
                    Sustainability Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                        Anticipated impacts
                        The anticipated financial impacts associated with this opportunity           Beyond volume, a portion of Retail’s anticipated future earnings is
                        cannot be quantified. The level of measurement uncertainty involved          expected to come from emerging business models that support
                        in estimating these effects, particularly in the long term, is so high       customer decarbonisation, including Origin Loop, e-mobility solutions
                        that the resulting quantitative information would not be useful. This        and behind-the-meter offerings. Many of these benefits are also
                        is because the anticipated financial effects depend on a range of            expected to be experienced in Origin’s investment in Octopus Energy.
                        uncertain future variables, including policy settings, the pace and scale    The anticipated financial effects of these business models depend on
                        of customer adoption, technology development, competitive dynamics           the customer consumption patterns described above. These earnings
                        and broader macroeconomic conditions. Much of the expected growth            are subject to significant measurement uncertainty, reflecting the
                        from this opportunity cannot be separated from factors that are              competitive dynamics, evolving regulation and the maturity of these
                        not climate-related.                                                         models at scale. They are also influenced by broader market forces,
                                                                                                     including geopolitical conditions, cost-of-living pressures and the pace
                        Our base case is largely anchored by the Australian Energy Market            of technology development, adding complexity to quantification.
                        Operator’s (AEMO) Step Change scenario,(1) which anticipates a near




For personal use only
                        doubling of NEM grid consumption by 2050, with significant increases         If transition conditions develop favourably, our positioning across
                        in grid scale wind and firming capacity, and large increases in behind-      renewable generation, firming and customer-facing platforms could
                        the-meter assets, electrification, energy substitution and orchestration.    translate into incremental revenue from generation, behind-the-meter
                                                                                                     offerings and orchestration services. The pace and scale of this upside
                        Retail’s exposure to climate-related opportunities arises across two         remain sensitive to policy settings, customer adoption and broader
                        connected dimensions: changes in customer energy consumption                 market conditions, with uncertainty managed through disciplined capital
                        patterns, and the development of emerging customer-facing business           allocation and staged investment decisions.
                        models that support the transition.

                        From an energy consumption perspective, the transition to renewable
                        sources as indicated by the AEMO Step Change scenario is not
                        expected to materially impact the value Retail provides. Anticipated
                        increases in consumption from EV uptake, broader electrification
                        and the substitution of gas to electricity are largely offset by
                        behind-the-meter shifts in customer patterns, including the continued
                        adoption of rooftop solar, household batteries and more energy-
                        efficient technologies.

                    (1) AEMO: 2024 Integrated System Plan (ISP), https://www.aemo.com.au/energy-systems/major-publications/integrated-system-plan-isp/2024-integrated-system-plan-isp


                        EX TENT OF ASSE TS OR B U SI N ES S A C TI V I T I E S E X P OS E D T O C L I M A T E - R E L A T E D O P P O R T U N I T Y
                        ~$11 billion (Origin-        Measures the portion of Origin revenue together with Origin’s share of revenue from equity accounted investees,
                        owned operations)            expressed as a percentage of the combined total per the financial statements.

                        ~$7 billion (equity
                        accounted investments at
                        Origin share)

                        (73%)




                                                                                                                                                                                        169
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                    PH Y SICAL RISKS

                        PHYSICAL RISK 1: Extreme weather events and changing climate impacts
                        Description                                                                                                            Aggregated quantification
                        All of Origin’s portfolio is exposed to physical climate risk. A changing climate is expected to bring more     ST     Not material
                        severe, longer and more frequent extreme weather events exacerbating existing exposures for our assets,         MT     Not material
                        operations, workforce and value chain. Acute risks such as bushfire, extreme heat, flooding and cyclones
                        can disrupt or curtail operations and damage supporting infrastructure, while chronic risks such as rising      LT     Not material
                        temperatures, shifting rainfall and sea level rise can impact asset performance and overall resilience,
                        increasing operating costs and affecting workforce productivity.


                        H A ZAR D TYP E           H AZ ARD
                                                  Rainfall events/floods         Severe storms/cyclones          Bushfires                      Extreme
                                                                                                                                                ambient temperatures




For personal use only
                                                  Increased severity of acute    Increased severity or           Increased severity or          Increase in extreme
                        Acute                     rainfall events, resulting     frequency of acute storm        frequency of bushfire          temperature days, impacting
                                                  in flood damage or             events, resulting in damage     events, resulting in           operation of assets
                                                  interruption to operations     or interruption to operations   damage or interruption         or workforce
                                                                                                                 to operations
                                                  Annual mean temperature increase                               Annual mean precipitation increase or decrease
                        Chronic                   Changes in annual total mean temperatures, impacting           Changes in annual total rainfall impacting physical assets
                                                  physical assets, operations and workforce                      or operations


                        A RE AS OF VA LUE C HAI N I M P A C TE D
                        Physical risks impact Energy Markets Generation assets, key transmission and distribution networks, Integrated Gas production and Australia
                        Pacific LNG gathering and transmission. These impacts have been aggregated.


                        FI N ANCIAL STATE ME N T AR E A S P O TE NT I A L L Y I M P AC T E D
                        Financial position:                                                    Income statement:             Cash flow:

                        •   PPE and intangibles                                                •   Revenue                   •   Cash flows from operating activities
                        •   Investments accounted for using the equity method                  •   Expenses                  •   Cash flows from investing activities
                                                                                               •   Impairment losses


                        CU RRENT AND AN TI C I PAT ED M A NA G E ME NT A C TI O N S
                        Origin has a long history of and established processes for managing exposure to climate-related physical risk as part of our core business.
                        Measures to enhance resilience of our assets, operations and operational controls include:

                        •   climate analytics: by monitoring short term weather and climate data, as well as longer-term data for flood modelling, mapping and planning;
                        •   summer, seasonal, flood, severe weather and bushfire readiness program including preparedness, monitoring, management and
                            response plans;
                        •   operational and workforce planning;
                        •   crisis management procedures, site emergency response plans, business continuity plans and return to service processes;
                        •   equipment and components are designed, maintained, operated and monitored to detect impacts and protect critical infrastructure and
                            assets; and
                        •   maintaining an extensive insurance program to cover core asset damage. See ‘Operations’ risk in the ‘Operating and Financial Review’.


                        QUA NTIFICATION BA SI S
                        Physical risk is considered at an individual asset level and assessed across our portfolio of assets and their respective value
                        chains. Assessment of physical climate risk is undertaken against long term climate projections. The impact has been quantified by
                        evaluating the potential impact on financial performance of our assets under an anticipated warming scenario. Quantification considers
                        hazards such as the impact of an increase in extreme heat days, extreme rainfall days and bushfire interruptions to operations.
                        Current impacts                                                            Anticipated impacts
                        Financial impacts are assessed as not material (in the range of            Exposure to physical climate risk is expected to increase, however
                        ~$50 million) in the short term.                                           the anticipated effect of financial exposure to physical climate risk
                                                                                                   is expected to decline over the medium to long term as legacy
                        Based on information available at the reporting date, no significant
                                                                                                   assets retire and our portfolio and use of renewables, storage and
                        risk of material adjustment is anticipated in FY27.
                                                                                                   gas peaking increases.




   170
                    Sustainability Report




                    3 Risk and opportunity management (continued)
                    PH Y SICAL RISKS ( CON T I N U ED )



                                                                                                                                    HOW TO READ THE MAP

                                                                                                                                    AT ST MT LT



                                                                                                                                    Exposure timeframe

                                                                                                                                    ST = Short term (1–3 years)
                                                                                                                                    MT = Medium term (4–10 years)
                                                                                                             ST MT LT
                                                                                                                                    LT = Long term (10+ years)



                                                                                                                                    Asset type (AT)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      ST MT LT

                                                                                                                                        Generation
                                                          NT                       QLD               ST MT LT                           Integrated Gas – APLNG
                                            WA            SA

                                                                                                                  ST MT LT
                                                                                                                                    Exposure trend
                                                                                         NSW
                                                                                                                                        Increasing

                                                                                                                                        Stable
                                                                                                                        ST MT LT
                                                                                                                                        Retired
                                                                             ST MT LT
                                                                                                      ST MT LT

                                                                                                                         ST MT LT   Hazard Key

                                                                              ST MT LT                                                  Extreme          Temperature
                                                                                                            VIC
                                                                                          ST MT LT
                                                                                                                                        rainfall

                                                                                                                                        Storms /         Bushfires
                                                                                                                                        cyclones

                                                                                                                                        Drought          Sea level rise

                                                                                                      TAS




                        ENERG Y MAR KE TS GE NE R A T I O N P O R T F O L I O — E XT R E M E H E A T
                        Extreme heat events present an acute physical climate risk to Origin’s Energy Markets generation portfolio through two
                        simultaneous pressures: a material increase in electricity demand as households and businesses respond to high temperatures;
                        and thermal generation assets subject to output derating and a reduction in the available capacity as ambient temperatures rise
                        above design thresholds. This reduced capacity may also result in revenue impact from lost capacity and increased price volatility.

                        Origin actively manages temperature risk through integrated operational planning and design, derivative products, data analytics
                        to monitor climate data to predict customer demand, and internal stress testing of the generation fleet under extreme temperature
                        and demand scenarios. Scheduled major maintenance outages at Eraring are timed for spring shoulder periods specifically to
                        ensure all units are available ahead of peak periods and volatile conditions. As the largest thermal gas peaking fleet in the NEM,
                        Origin’s gas assets play a critical firming role during heat-driven demand peaks as renewables penetration grows.

                        Under both low and high warming scenarios, the frequency and intensity of extreme heat events in south-east Australia is
                        projected to increase, reinforcing the rationale for continued investment in fleet flexibility, capacity upgrades, and battery storage.




                                                                                                                                                                          171
                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    4 Resilience through the transition
                        Resilience at a glance

                        Origin’s strategy and portfolio remain resilient
                        Origin’s strategy and business model remain resilient across both Low and High Emissions climate futures. Scenario analysis indicates that although
                        Australia Pacific LNG experiences the greatest transition-related downside in our Low Emissions pathway, the impact is mitigated by Origin’s diversified
                        earnings base, growth opportunities in customer and technology businesses, and the ability to adapt capital allocation and portfolio composition over
                        time, in line with our investment program. Across both scenarios, Origin’s business model remains resilient over the short, medium and long terms.


                        Australia Pacific LNG                                MOST EXPOSED                   Generation                                              TRANSITIONING


                        Australia Pacific LNG exhibits the greatest exposure to transition risk under       Origin’s generation portfolio is broadly aligned with the energy transition
                        the Low Emissions scenario in the long term. Accelerated electrification,           through continued investment in renewable energy, storage and firming




For personal use only
                        declining long-term gas demand and rising emissions abatement costs may             capacity. The planned replacement of Eraring with a combination of
                        reduce future earnings relative to current expectations. However, contracted        batteries, renewable generation, gas peakers, tolling arrangements and
                        LNG cash flows, management response options, portfolio flexibility                  PPAs supports reliability and portfolio flexibility. While the High Emissions
                        and disciplined capital allocation moderate these impacts. Under the                pathway increases physical climate hazards, portfolio-level impacts are not
                        High Emissions scenario, no material adverse physical impacts are expected.​        expected to materially affect resilience given asset diversity and existing risk
                                                                                                            management measures.​




                        Retail and Origin Zero                         GROWTH POTENTIAL                     Octopus Energy                                   GROWTH POTENTIAL
                                                                                                            and Kraken Technologies
                        Retail and Origin Zero are positioned to benefit from increasing customer
                        adoption of electrification and decarbonisation solutions. Demand for rooftop       Octopus Energy is expected to continue benefiting from customer growth
                        solar, batteries, EVs, VPP and commercial energy solutions is expected              and increasing adoption of electrified energy technologies, including EVs,
                        to grow under both scenarios, creating opportunities to expand customer             home energy management and heat pumps. The expansion of technology-
                        value propositions and diversify earnings. These businesses provide an              enabled energy services and the continued development of Kraken support
                        important source of resilience as the energy transition evolves. Under the          growth across a range of climate futures. This provides an additional source
                        High Emissions pathway, no material adverse physical impacts are expected. ​        of portfolio diversification and resilience, particularly under the
                                                                                                            Low Emissions pathway.​



                    H OW ORIGIN USES T HE A NA L Y SI S                                                 outcome. That said, Origin will continue to take actions across
                                                                                                        the business both now and beyond 2030, to fulfil our ambition
                    Resilience testing is one input into Origin’s broader strategic                     of reaching net zero Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions across our value
                    planning and risk management processes. The Board and                               chain by 2050.
                    management consider the outputs of scenario analysis alongside
                    other information sources, including but not limited to, market                     S CE N AR I O SE T S U SE D
                    and customer signals, regulatory developments, and operational
                    performance, when evaluating strategic options, capital allocation                  For the purposes of resilience testing, two broad categories of
                    and the evolution of the portfolio. Significant changes to                          scenarios are assessed:
                    these conditions and the business more broadly, are monitored                       •     Low Emissions pathway: temperature increase limited to 1.5°C
                    and assessed to determine whether they materially affect the                              above pre-industrial levels (aligned with the Paris Agreement).
                    resilience assessment.
                                                                                                        •     High Emissions pathway: temperature increase that well
                    The analysis set out in this Sustainability Report was performed in                       exceeds 2°C above pre-industrial levels.
                    FY26 and covers the Origin consolidated group. All references to
                                                                                                        Physical risks under a Low Emissions pathway, and transition
                    time horizons are consistent with those defined in the ‘Notes to the
                                                                                                        risks and opportunities under a High Emissions pathway, are not
                    Climate Statements’, unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                                        expected to be more severe than the exposures already identified
                                                                                                        through the CRRO assessment (refer to ‘Risk and opportunity
                    I MPORTANT NO TE O N I N T ER P R E T A T I O N
                                                                                                        management’ for more details). As such, our resilience analysis
                    Scenario analysis involves uncertainty and relies on assumptions                    is focused on the most material exposures under each: physical
                    that may change as external information and market conditions                       risks under higher-warming scenarios, and transition risks and
                    evolve. Accordingly, results should be read as decision-useful                      opportunities under lower-warming scenarios.
                    insights rather than as predictions.
                                                                                                        In developing these scenarios, we used a variety of publicly
                    The scenarios used in this analysis were selected as they are                       available forecasts, where possible, to increase transparency and
                    readily available, recently updated and contain industry relevant                   comparability of results. These inputs are not always complete,
                    data points to undertake the analysis. This does not imply that                     nor do they exactly align in terms of ultimate temperature outlook
                    probabilities are assigned to scenarios.                                            relative to the IPCC scenario. They are selected as they most
                                                                                                        closely align with the temperature outlook required to conduct the
                    Although the adopted 1.5°C scenario is useful for resilience testing,               resilience assessments. These inputs also align with data points
                    there is currently a wide divergence between the consensus                          available during our annual strategic planning. The IEA and AEMO
                    on market conditions and the potential future market outcomes                       have since released updated climate scenario data, which we
                    implied by this scenario. Origin does not currently observe policy,                 have considered and concluded it does not materially change our
                    market or technology developments progressing in a manner that                      assessment of resilience.
                    would indicate this specific pathway is the most likely near-term
   172
                    Sustainability Report




                    4 Resilience through the transition (continued)
                        There are extensive assumptions supporting these models; the following table summarises key insights into the scenarios applied:

                                                       LOW EMISSIONS PATHWAY                                                HIGH EMISSIONS PATHWAY
                                                                                                                            Warming expected to increase between approximately
                        Temperature alignment          Warming limited to 1.5°C
                                                                                                                            2.8°C to 4.6°C
                                                                                                                            IEA WEO – Current Policies scenario(1)
                                                       IEA World Energy Outlook (WEO) – Net Zero Emissions
                                                       (NZE) scenario(1)                                                    AEMO – Progressive Change(3)
                        Key scenario inputs                                                                                 IPCC – SSP3–7.0(4)
                                                       AEMO – Green Energy Exports (GEE)(2),(3)

                                                       IPCC – SSP1–1.9(4)                                                   Australian Government National Climate Risk
                                                                                                                            Assessment (NCRA)
                                                       Macro-economic trends:




For personal use only
                                                       High economic growth scenario with Australia becoming                Macro-economic trends:
                                                       a major low emission energy exporter. Strong industrial
                                                                                                                            Domestic economic growth slows with lower industrial
                                                       growth in low emission heavy industry including
                                                                                                                            growth inhibiting electrification, and supply chain
                                                       hydrogen. Rapid electrification at both the consumer and
                                                                                                                            constraints reducing the pace of both utility renewable
                                                       industrial levels.
                                                                                                                            growth and consumer electrification uptake.
                                                       Energy usage and mix:
                                                                                                                            Energy usage and mix:
                                                       Energy demand increases sharply due to electrification;
                                                                                                                            Total energy demand increases, with renewables
                                                       renewables dominate supply. Behind-the-meter demand
                                                                                                                            expanding but oil and natural gas remaining material
                                                       and generation both increase, however the grid still
                                                                                                                            sources of supply, and energy-related GHG emissions
                        Scenario description and       expands on the back of industry.
                                                                                                                            remaining around current levels through to 2050.
                        key assumptions                Developments in technology:
                                                                                                                            Developments in technology:
                                                       Fast adoption of renewables and electrification, with
                                                                                                                            Deployment of clean technologies continues, but
                                                       broad social support for clean energy and limited
                                                                                                                            is moderated by practical constraints such as grid
                                                       acceptance of high emissions technologies.
                                                                                                                            integration, permitting, financing and supply chain
                                                       Climate-related policies:                                            bottlenecks that affect the speed of roll-out.

                                                       Strict regulations restrict fossil fuel extraction and               Climate-related policies:
                                                       use worldwide, with global greenhouse gas pricing –
                                                                                                                            The scenario is anchored in policies and regulations
                                                       advanced economies leading, followed by emerging
                                                                                                                            already in place, with time-bound measures not assumed
                                                       markets. Public and concessional capital increase
                                                                                                                            to be strengthened after expiry.
                                                       to mobilise rapid investment in renewable energy
                                                       generation, efficiency and electrification solutions.

                    (1) IEA WEO (2025). https://www.iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2025
                    (2) The key sensitivity for Origin and the market in high abatement scenarios is the pace of coal retirement, which is comparable across both scenarios. Origin does not
                        attribute any financial value to the hydrogen growth in GEE in our financial analysis.
                    (3) AEMO Integrated System Plan (2024). https://www.aemo.com.au/energy-systems/major-publications/integrated-system-plan-isp/2024-integrated-system-plan-isp
                    (4) ipcc.ch/about/


                    4. 1 LOW EMISSIONS RE S I L I E N C E A N A L Y S I S

                    4 .1 .1 METHODOLO GY
                    Where the IEA NZE and AEMO GEE scenarios lacked sufficient detail, the following assumptions were adopted based on their
                    underlying approach.

                    Oil, LNG and carbon:
                    •    Near-term oil and LNG prices have been updated to reflect observed prices in the first half of 2026.
                    •    Oil, LNG and carbon price assumptions in the IEA NZE report are only provided for 2035, 2040 and 2050. The remaining prices are
                         interpolated between current levels and the prices provided.
                    •    The LNG price reflects the JKM.
                    •    Commodity prices were escalated using an inflation rate averaging 2.8 per cent to reflect 2026 real unit pricing.

                    While near-term prices have been adjusted to current market conditions, the longer-term determinants of oil prices remain unchanged
                    according to the latest IEA NZE report. A significant reduction in demand is expected to drive prices down to the operating cost level of
                    marginal producers.

                    For the domestic electricity and gas sectors, we use inputs from both the IEA NZE and AEMO GEE scenarios, consistent with previous
                    climate transition action plans. Both the GEE and the ‘Accelerated Transition’ scenario – AEMO’s latest 1.5°C case from the 2025
                    Inputs, Assumptions and Scenarios Report (IASR) – assume rapid decarbonisation, driven by coal closures and electrification. However,
                    Accelerated Transition accepts the near-term challenges of hydrogen exports and focuses on strong uptake of consumer energy sources.
                    Despite the change, the emissions intensity of the NEM follows a similar trajectory to GEE, meaning our generation portfolios’ exposure to
                    carbon price risk, and therefore valuation and overall resilience, remains comparable across both scenarios.



                                                                                                                                                                                               173
                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report




                    4 Resilience through the transition (continued)
                    To model the impact on our generation assets, we use PLEXOS, a third-party market software, to simulate expected half-hourly electricity
                    dispatch volumes and pricing across the NEM. The dispatch results from these market simulations are then tested using our internal
                    valuation models to assess the financial resilience of the assets under tested scenarios.

                    We have limited granularity of information available for our investments in Octopus Energy and the newly demerged Kraken Technologies,
                    as a non-controlling stakeholder. However, as at the date of this report, the analysis conducted by the investee in its latest publicly
                    available Annual Report1 concludes that the Octopus Energy Group, inclusive of Kraken Technologies, is resilient to 1.5°C aligned
                    scenarios, having used the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) scenarios to conduct resilience testing.

                    For the investment in Australia Pacific LNG, the analysis presented is primarily based on the adjustment of pricing assumptions alone.
                    Once sustained losses are forecasted by applying our Low Emissions assumptions, and current contracted commitments are completed,
                    operations are assumed to cease, and restoration activity is brought forward. No other mitigants have been modelled as part of
                    this assessment.

                    Brent Oil (USD/bbl)                                        LNG (USD/mmbtu)                                                       Carbon price (USD/tCO2 )




For personal use only
                        100                                                     20                                                                    300

                        80
                                                                                                                                                      200
                        60                                                      10
                                                                                                                                                       100
                        40

                        20                                                       0                                                                          0

                                  2027      2035      2040       2050                        2027      2035           2040       2050                                   2027   2035   2040   2050
                              IEA NZE Scenario                                         IEA NZE Scenario                                                          IEA NZE Scenario




                    Electricity sector

                    A carbon price consistent with the IEA NZE report was assumed to determine the financial impact on fossil fuel plants, assuming a
                    baseline and credit scheme. It is important to note that the AEMO GEE scenario does not include a forecast for carbon prices or a policy
                    mechanism to decarbonise the grid. Additionally, AEMO assumes that coal closures occur in line with constraints on carbon emissions.
                    The following chart shows the outcomes of generation modelling in the NEM. The reference case assumptions reflect the current market
                    and commodity price outlook and a slower energy transition pathway than under the IEA NZE and AEMO GEE scenarios.

                                                                          Generation mix under the AEMO Green Energy Exports scenario (TWh)




                                                   1000


                                                   800


                                                   600


                                                   400


                                                   200


                                                     0
                                                          2025               2030                     2035                     2040                              2045



                                                                    Coal             Hydro          Utility solar          Storage (net charge/discharge)
                                                                    Gas              Wind           Solar rooftop          Other (other renewable fuels + DSP)




                    We have assessed the resilience of our portfolio across a range of energy transition scenarios. Resilience is evaluated using after-tax cash
                    flows from the long term financial plan, as an indicator of the capacity to fund future investment, including the expenditure required to
                    progress climate-related commitments. This modelling includes projects currently underway and a pipeline of future opportunities that are
                    consistent with Origin’s strategy and capital allocation framework.

                    4 .1 .2 ASSESSMENT O F CL I M A T E R E S I L I E N C E                                         $2,800 million of Origin’s equity accounted investment as at
                                                                                                                    30 June 2026, when applying the price assumptions of our
                    Under our Low Emissions pathway, our scenario analysis indicates                                Low Emissions pathway. Positive cash flows persist in the short
                    that a greater proportion of Origin’s value is expected to be derived                           term, with cash flows largely insulated by existing oil-linked LNG
                    from customer-facing energy services, dispatchable firming and                                  contracts and current production economics, with the principal
                    storage, while lower oil and LNG prices, faster decline in gas                                  effect being on the discipline applied to incremental capital
                    demand and higher rooftop solar penetration weigh on parts                                      decisions. In the medium term, the analysis shows distribution
                    of our portfolio that today contribute substantial cash flow. The                               softening but remaining net positive, as structurally lower oil-linked
                    most adverse exposure identified is the interest in Australia Pacific                           LNG and JKM spot pricing flows through, demand for east coast
                    LNG, which would result in an impairment of approximately                                       domestic gas declines at an accelerated rate and contracted
                    1
                         https://octopusenergy.group/static/documents/OEGL_Financial_statements_Annual_Report_FY25.pdf
   174
                    Sustainability Report




                    4 Resilience through the transition (continued)
                    gas supply is re-priced. The analysis shows a negative cash                 which are not designed for Origin’s specific circumstances.
                    flow tail emerging in the long term based on accelerated end-               Limited detail in some areas of these models means that
                    of-life economics for upstream gas fields, decommissioning and              supplementary assumptions such as interpolation between the
                    contract roll-off.                                                          scenario data points provided for oil, JKM and carbon prices
                    If our Low Emissions pathway began to crystallise, we                       are required;
                    anticipate that the management actions for Australia Pacific            •   inflation and commodity price escalation rates;
                    LNG would be brought forward relative to the base case. We              •   the pace of east coast gas demand decline and re-pricing of
                    expect that short term decisions would centre on a more                     contracted gas supply;
                    disciplined gating of upstream growth capital; tighter testing of
                                                                                            •   end-of-life, decommissioning and contract roll-off economics
                    incremental development opportunities; earlier review of useful
                                                                                                for upstream gas;
                    life assumptions, decommissioning provisions and impairment
                    indicators for our equity accounted carrying value; and potential       •   electricity dispatch volumes and pricing across the NEM,
                    grid electrification of facilities to preserve competitiveness and          modelled using third-party software;
                    social licence. In the medium term, we expect earlier engagement        •   future policy and regulatory developments, including carbon




For personal use only
                    with our joint venture partners regarding the pace of capital               pricing mechanisms and the pace of decarbonisation policy;
                    contributions, dividend expectations and reserve development,
                                                                                            •   the pace and scale of customer adoption of solar, batteries, EVs
                    alongside earlier renegotiation or restructuring of legacy LNG
                                                                                                and demand flexibility products;
                    supply agreements as their cycles reset. In the long term,
                    decommissioning planning would likely be brought forward to             •   availability of renewables equipment, contractor capacity and
                    reflect accelerated end-of-life economics, and capital released             grid connections; and
                    from a managed gas portfolio would also be redirected, within           •   reliance on the information and decisions of joint venture
                    our capital allocation framework, to the firming, renewables and            partners for equity accounted interests.
                    customer-facing investments that benefit from a faster transition.
                                                                                            4 . 2 H I G H E M I SS I ON S R E SI LI E NC E A NA L Y SIS
                    In comparison, the analysis indicates a Low Emission transition
                    would support the parts of the business model built around the
                                                                                            4. 2 .1 ME T H O DO L O G Y
                    energy transition, with the anticipated benefit phased across all
                    three horizons. Under this scenario, short term growth would            Origin’s physical climate risk assessment uses CMIP6 Next
                    come from existing commitments such as battery commissioning            Generation downscaled climate projections from the Australian
                    at Eraring, the Mortlake, Supernode and Summerfield batteries,          Climate Service, consistent with the IPCC Sixth Assessment
                    and the planned closure of Eraring Power Station by 30 April            Report (AR6) framework, supplemented by the NCRA regional
                    2029, with progressive site repurposing. Growth also comes from         data. Global datasets are localised to provide site-level hazard
                    Origin Loop and customer uptake of solar, batteries, EVs and            projections, applied against historical Bureau of Meteorology
                    demand flexibility products, which is already underway. Based on        baseline data. The assessment is aligned to NCRA priority hazards
                    this analysis, in the medium term, delivery of our ambition to grow     across six categories – bushfire, flood/rainfall, storm/cyclone,
                    our renewables and storage portfolio to 4–5 GW by 2030, the             extreme temperature, chronic temperature increases and sea level
                    broader development pipeline, such as the potential Yanco Delta         rise – under the warming scenarios described above.
                    Wind Farm development project and the scale-up of Origin Loop,
                    would translate the energy transition into earnings. At the same        The resilience assessment under the High Emissions pathway
                    time, deeper renewables penetration in the NEM lifts structural         considers the potential impact on the financial performance of
                    demand for firming, drives electrification of transport and process     Origin’s assets under future warming scenarios. We assess impacts
                    heat, and broadens the customer-facing platform.                        at the individual asset level and translate these into estimated
                                                                                            financial effects, including capacity deratings, energy not supplied,
                    We expect this period to also be the most demanding                     replacement costs, production impacts and existing insurance
                    operationally, influenced by global competition for renewables          arrangements. The valuation captures operational disruption rather
                    equipment, contractor capacity and grid connections, accelerating       than asset replacement costs. We evaluate the asset-level impacts
                    regulatory evolution and intensifying stakeholder expectations. In      against existing controls, such as site level management, portfolio
                    the long term, our analysis shows the customer-facing platform          diversification and insurance.
                    reaching scale, and the portfolio being structured around the
                    new energy system, consistent with our 2050 net zero ambition.          We assess the financial impact for seasonal impacts on an
                    Resilience under this scenario would rest on the breadth of the         annualised basis under each scenario and time horizon. Current
                    integrated portfolio and the optionality embedded in the capital        climate conditions provide the baseline, then we estimate potential
                    allocation framework. The investment program that informs the           impacts under the projected conditions, weigh acute hazards
                    ambitions and targets in our 2025 Climate Transition Action Plan        based on probability, assume chronic hazards will occur and
                    and our strategic objectives is the principal vehicle for translating   convert volume impacts at relevant pricing scenarios.
                    the transition portfolio levers into earnings. We would expect this     We aggregate asset-level impacts to determine the materiality
                    response to continue and, where supported, accelerate, accruing         of exposure at the hazard, asset and enterprise levels. As no
                    value in these areas as the transition gathers pace.                    individual asset or hazard exceeded the threshold, we consolidated
                    Significant areas of judgement and uncertainty                          physical risks into a single enterprise-wide risk, as described
                                                                                            in the ‘Physical risks’ section of the ‘Climate-related risks and
                    The assessment of resilience under our Low Emissions pathway            opportunities’ analysis.
                    considers a range of areas of judgement and uncertainty. Scenario
                                                                                            The assessment covers Origin’s owned and operated assets,
                    analysis explores futures rather than predicting outcomes, and
                                                                                            including Energy Markets generation and storage, Australia Pacific
                    uncertainty increases over the medium and long term. Key
                                                                                            LNG and other physical assets. Key value chain dependencies
                    areas of significant judgement or uncertainty in the above
                                                                                            include gas distribution, and transmission corridors. Value chain
                    assessment include:
                                                                                            locations may not reflect the same granularity as owned assets.
                    •   inherent limitations in the external energy transition scenarios    Although physical climate risks affecting Octopus Energy’s assets
                        relied on, including the IEA NZE and AEMO GEE scenarios,            could affect the carrying value of Origin’s equity accounted
                                                                                                                                                                    175
                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report




                    4 Resilience through the transition (continued)
                    investment, the granularity of asset-level information required        •   the frequency and severity of acute hazards and the
                    for quantification is not available to Origin as a non-operating           extent of chronic shifts in temperature, precipitation and
                    shareholder without undue cost or effort. The assessment focuses           water availability;
                    on first order, direct, physical climate impacts and does not extend
                                                                                           •   the translation of asset-level hazard exposure into estimated
                    to second order or indirect macroeconomic effects.
                                                                                               financial effects, including deratings, energy not supplied and
                                                                                               production impacts;
                    4 .2 . 2 ASSESSMENT O F C L IM A TE R E SI L IE N C E
                                                                                           •   insurance availability, pricing and renewal terms; and
                    Under our High Emissions pathway, transition pressure on our gas
                                                                                           •   the granularity of hazard data for value chain locations relative
                    and LNG business would be lower; however, exposure to physical
                                                                                               to owned and operated assets.
                    hazards would be expected to increase across all three horizons. In
                    the short term, hazard exposure would be largely consistent with
                                                                                           4 . 3 OU R CA P AC IT Y T O A D J U S T A ND A D AP T
                    current weather and event patterns, with operational disruption
                    driven by hazards already present in Origin’s risk environment.
                                                                                           As at the reporting date and based on the scenario analysis
                    In the medium term, this pathway would see the frequency or




For personal use only
                                                                                           performed, Origin considers that our strategy and business model
                    severity of acute hazards, such as floods, severe storms, cyclones,
                                                                                           would be resilient to the CRROs identified across the scenarios
                    bushfires and extreme temperatures, increase across the regions
                                                                                           and time horizons assessed. The actions required to maintain
                    in which we operate, with the most exposed parts of the value
                                                                                           this resilience are already within the scope of our existing risk
                    chain being upstream gas production in Queensland, and thermal
                                                                                           management, capital allocation and assurance frameworks. The
                    and renewable generation across the NEM. In the long term,
                                                                                           actions required to build on the parts of the business that benefit
                    chronic shifts in mean temperature and precipitation would also
                                                                                           from the transition align with and inform the ambitions and targets
                    affect plant efficiency, equipment derating, water availability and
                                                                                           set out in our 2025 Climate Transition Action Plan. We will
                    worker safety.
                                                                                           continue to assess our scenarios, assumptions and resilience each
                    Origin’s resilience under our High Emissions scenario rests            year, and update our disclosure as our analysis and the underlying
                    on the geographic and asset class diversity of our portfolio           climate-related landscape evolve.
                    and our physical risk management framework. We anticipate
                                                                                           Origin maintains a diversified earnings base across our operations
                    that prevention, preparedness and recovery would operate
                                                                                           and investments. The long term financial planning, risk
                    continuously across all three horizons. This would be achieved
                                                                                           management and capital allocation framework are designed to
                    through our enterprise risk management framework and the
                                                                                           maintain investment-grade credit metrics throughout the energy
                    business unit risk, assurance and compliance committees,
                                                                                           transition while preserving capacity to fund the growth pipeline.
                    supported by vegetation, bushfire and flood risk management
                                                                                           Our capital allocation framework guides investment and capital
                    programs at the asset-level; business continuity planning; and
                                                                                           expenditure decisions, ensuring rigour and discipline in our capital
                    insurance and risk transfer arrangements, which are reviewed
                                                                                           allocation process. All major capital expenditure is subject to a
                    annually. In the medium and long term, our analysis shows the
                                                                                           formal review and approval process, which is overseen by the
                    durability of gas and LNG cash flows supporting our capacity
                                                                                           OIC. Our Board approves major investment decisions. For further
                    to fund a cleaner energy and customer solutions pipeline. We
                                                                                           information on our capital management at 30 June 2026, refer to
                    anticipate that disciplined capital allocation, regular review of
                                                                                           section 4.4 of the ‘Operating and Financial Review’.
                    useful life and decommissioning assumptions, and active hedging
                    to continue across the portfolio.                                      Our portfolio also provides multiple levers across all three
                                                                                           time horizons:
                    We expect that our management response under this scenario
                    would centre on deepening adaptive capacity and continuing             •   Short term, we expect Eraring Power Station to cease operation
                    to deliver our strategy at a pace appropriate to the market. In            by 30 April 2029 with the site progressively repurposed for
                    the short term, we would expect to focus on refreshed hazard               large-scale battery storage and other potential future uses.
                    mapping, asset-level vulnerability assessments and continued           •   Medium term, we anticipate that the gas peaker fleet can
                    investment in customer-facing and firming opportunities, to                be retained, upgraded or retired as the renewables share
                    maintain reputation, stakeholder trust and access to capital. In the       of NEM supply grows and the renewables and storage
                    medium term, we would expect to embed forward-looking IPCC                 pipeline is built incrementally through project-by-project final
                    and Australian regional climate datasets into siting and design            investment decisions.
                    standards for new-build assets. We would also expect to invest in      •   Long term, we expect that Australia Pacific LNG production,
                    adaptive capacity at upstream gas facilities and generation sites          contract structures and decommissioning planning would
                    identified as more exposed to changing hazard profiles. In the             provide multiple levers for adjusting to changes in oil and
                    long term, we anticipate that managing impacts by diversifying our         LNG demand. At the same time, Origin Loop and our
                    portfolio, using existing controls and refining operating practices,       customer solutions platform would allow products and services
                    with financial exposure declining over time as assets retire.              to be redirected as customer behaviour and regulatory
                    Significant areas of judgement and uncertainty                             settings evolve.

                                                                                           Our investment program, as captured in our 2025 Climate
                    The resilience assessment under our High Emissions pathway
                                                                                           Transition Action Plan, is the principal way we are seeking
                    considers a range of areas of significant judgement and
                                                                                           to build climate resilience. This program positions Origin to
                    uncertainty, which increase over the medium and long term
                                                                                           address climate-related risks and take advantage of climate-related
                    as projected conditions diverge further from the historical
                                                                                           opportunities in the short, medium and long term. We will seek
                    baseline. Key areas of significant judgement or uncertainty in this
                                                                                           to support physical risk adaptation through operating capital,
                    assessment include:
                                                                                           vegetation and bushfire risk management programs, and our
                    •   climate model accuracy and the downscaling of global               insurance arrangements. We also intend to continue refining the
                        emissions and warming projections to site level;                   forward-looking climate information used in asset design and siting
                                                                                           decisions as the underlying science and data improve.



   176
                    Sustainability Report




                    5 Climate-related targets and transition plan
                    Origin’s 2025 Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) outlines our ambition to lead the energy transition through cleaner energy and
                    customer solutions. This ambition is embedded into our corporate strategy, as described in ‘Our strategy’ of the ‘Operating and
                    Financial Review’.

                    This section sets out, in turn: our transition plan and how it addresses CRROs; the climate-related targets we have set or are required to
                    meet; our progress against those targets in FY26; and our long term ambition to reach net zero by 2050.

                    5. 1 OUR TRANSITIO N PL AN

                    Our transition plan is organised around our three strategic objectives and decarbonisation priorities.

                    5. 1 . 1 DELIVER RELI AB L E EN ER G Y T HR O U G H T HE T R A N S I T I O N | R E D U C E E M I S S I O N S F R O M E X I S T IN G
                             OPERATIONS
                    Exiting from coal-fired generation remains the most significant single emissions reduction step that Origin expects to take. During FY26




For personal use only
                    we announced the extension of Eraring Power Station operations to 30 April 2029 to support energy supply and system security in
                    New South Wales through the transition. The extension is not expected to affect Origin’s 2030 emissions reduction targets or long term
                    ambition to achieve net zero emissions by 2050.

                    We aim to take a disciplined, customer-focused approach to reducing emissions, balancing emissions reduction with security, reliability
                    and affordability of energy supply.

                    On an operational control basis, Integrated Gas produced total Scope 1 and 2 emissions of 2,634 kt CO2-e in FY26 down from 2,726 kt
                    CO2-e in FY25.

                    Emissions from flaring, venting and leaks totalled 290 kt CO2-e in FY26, or 2 per cent of Origin’s total Scope 1 operated emissions.
                    Emissions from venting and leaks, which are mostly methane, increased during FY26 compared with the previous year. The increase was
                    primarily driven by changes in operational activity and asset-specific performance.

                    Integrated Gas                                                           Integrated Gas
                    Fugitive emissions (Scope 1)                                             CO2 intensity operational control basis (Scope 1 and 2)
                    kt CO2-e                                                                 T CO2-e/TJ
                                                                                                      4.57
                                                                                                                             4.53

                                                                                                                                                   4.47
                                                                           290
                                269
                                                    246




                               FY24                 FY25                  FY26                        FY24                   FY25                  FY26



                        We continue to focus on improving the accuracy of emissions measurement and monitoring, including strengthening our gas
                        monitoring program and assessing alternative methane surveillance technologies. During FY26, we implemented a helicopter-based
                        methane monitoring trial to evaluate its suitability for detecting and quantifying methane emissions across our operations.




                                                                                                                                                                 177
                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report




                    5 Climate-related targets and transition plan (continued)
                    5. 1 . 2 ACCE LERATE RE N EW A B L E A ND C L E A NE R E NE R G Y | G R O W O U R P O R T F O L I O O F R E N E W A BL E A N D
                             CL EANER ENE RG Y
                    We aim to grow our renewables and storage portfolio from 2.8 GW operational at 30 June 2026 to 4–5 GW by 2030.1 During FY26, we
                    commenced commercial operations of 1 GW of owned and contracted batteries out of a total of 1.8 GW committed. On 11 August 2026,
                    the Mortlake battery also became commercially available, increasing to 1.3 GW of owned and contracted batteries. Our near-term focus is
                    progressing the pre-FID development activities for the Yanco Delta Wind Farm project.



                        Origin’s energy position                                                               Forecast total storage and renewables capacity growth as at
                        TWh                                                                                    30 June 2026(1)
                                                                                                                                 6
                                          37                        36                     36

                                                            2




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 Capacity (GW)
                                                                                                                                 4




                                                                                                                                 2




                                                                                                                                 0

                                 Uses                   Sources            Indicative sources                                        Existing   Committed     Committed        4–5GW aim
                                                        (current)               (future)                                                         (owned)       (tolled)

                              Solar FiT        Renewables           Coal (Eraring)        Gas
                                                                                                               (1) On 11 August 2026, the Mortlake battery became commercially available,
                              NEM              Retail               Business              Losses                   increasing existing capacity by 300 MW.
                              purchases




                    5. 1 . 3 U NRIVA LLED CUS T OM E R S O L U T I O NS | E NA B L E C U S T O M E R S T O D E C A R B O N I S E
                    Origin continues to offer customers a portfolio of cleaner energy solutions, including community batteries, rooftop solar and batteries,
                    GreenPower, EV solutions, renewable PPAs, and demand management. Origin Loop grew to ~1.6 GW across more than 409,000
                    connected services. By orchestrating distributed assets, the VPP optimises customer usage and lowers our need for large-scale
                    generation investment. We had 2,841 EVs under management as at 30 June 2026.

                    5. 1 . 4 CAPITAL DEP L OYM EN T
                    In FY26, Origin deployed $742 million of capital expenditure, financing and investment towards climate-related risks and opportunities.
                    Current year financial deployment specific to individual risks and opportunities is described in ‘Risk and opportunity management’ in this
                    report. Capital investment is made with regard to our emissions targets through our capital allocation framework.




                    1
                         This is inclusive of the current portfolio position (including PPAs, owned and tolled batteries) and previous announcements.
   178
                    Sustainability Report




                    5 Climate-related targets and transition plan (continued)
                    5. 2 OUR CL IMATE- RE LATE D T A R G ET S

                    Our climate-related targets comprise the voluntary medium term emissions reduction targets we have set and the targets we are required
                    to meet by law or regulation. Progress against each is reported in section 5.3.

                    5. 2 .1 VO LUNTARY ME DI UM T ER M E MI S SI O N S R E D U C T I O N T A R G E T S

                        Target details                  Scope 1, 2 and 3 equity 1 emissions intensity reduced by 40 per cent by 2030
                                                        Absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 equity emissions reduced by 20 million tonnes by 2030
                        Target basis                    Origin’s voluntary medium term emissions reduction targets apply to equity emissions (gross). The voluntary
                                                        medium term targets include the equity share of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions from Australia Pacific LNG. Our Scope
                                                        3 emissions included in these targets’ boundary include our equity share of LNG export volumes from our interest in
                                                        Australia Pacific LNG.
                        Base year                       FY19. Baseline is adjusted to reflect material changes in investments, activities or emissions boundaries. No material




For personal use only
                                                        adjustments since FY25.
                        GHGs covered                    CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs and SF6 (as prescribed in National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth)
                                                        (NGER Act)).
                        Scopes covered                  Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 (equity basis)
                        Target type                     Both absolute and percentage
                        Objective                       Mitigation
                        International climate           Targets were developed with regard to Paris Agreement goals and informed by third-party 1.5°C scenarios. The
                        agreement and                   Sectoral Decarbonisation Approach (SDA) was applied to inform our intensity target-setting process and 1.5°C
                        sectoral decarbonisation(1)     pathway envelope.
                        Third-party validation          Our approach to setting our medium term emissions intensity target for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions was
                                                        independently assured on a limited basis by EY, at the time we set our target in 2022(1).
                        Revisions to target             Targets and emissions pathways are reviewed on an annual basis. As part of this review, we assess updated third-
                                                        party 1.5°C emissions pathways consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5°C against our pathway envelope and
                                                        our emissions intensity target.

                                                        To ensure a meaningful comparison of consistent datasets and emissions over time, we review and make any
                                                        necessary adjustments to the baseline to reflect any changes in investments, activities and emissions boundaries.

                                                        In FY26, no material adjustments have been made to our medium term voluntary emissions reduction targets.

                    (1) See our 2025 CTAP for further information on the basis for our medium term emissions intensity target setting.


                    TH E ROLE OF CARB ON OFF S ET S F O R O U R V O L U NT A R Y 2 0 3 0 M E D I U M T E R M E M I S S I O N S
                    REDU CTION TARGE T S
                    Origin does not currently use or have regard to carbon offsets when tracking progress towards our voluntary 2030 emissions reduction
                    targets and instead prioritises actions that enable direct emissions reductions. This includes continuing to grow the portfolio of renewable
                    and storage assets, and offering cleaner energy solutions to customers.

                    Origin has not included voluntary carbon credits in the projected pathway to meet our voluntary medium term 2030 emissions reduction
                    targets. However, if there is an unanticipated shortfall in the pathway for residual emissions to meet the target, Origin may consider the
                    use of carbon credits to meet voluntary targets and will have regard to credibility and integrity (including by reference to any third-party
                    verification schemes) at the time.

                    5. 2 .2 TARG ETS RE Q UI R ED B Y L A W O R R EG U L A T I O N

                    SA FEGUARD MECHAN I S M
                    Australia Pacific LNG

                    Our Australia Pacific LNG joint venture has three facilities that meet the criteria to be classified as designated large facilities under the
                    NGER Act. Facility-specific emissions intensity baselines and performance against baselines are monitored and reported on an annual
                    basis to the board of Australia Pacific LNG. Data is published annually by the Clean Energy Regulator (CER). In FY25, Scope 1 emissions
                    were subject to assurance by EY.

                    For the FY25 reporting period, Australia Pacific LNG generated a net SMC position across its three Safeguard facilities.

                    Performance against Safeguard baselines in FY25 for Australia Pacific LNG joint venture upstream facilities, including those operated by
                    our Integrated Gas business, is outlined below.




                                                                                                                                                                                 179
                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    5 Climate-related targets and transition plan (continued)
                                                                                                     Spring Gully, Reedy Creek,
                        Facility                               Condabri, Talinga, Orana (CTO)                                                LNG facility
                                                                                                     Combabula (SGRCC)
                        Operator                               Origin Energy                                                                 ConocoPhillips
                                                               Absolute Scope 1 (operational control basis) GHG emissions (t CO2-e) measured against CER-set
                        Basis
                                                               facility baselines
                        Objective                              Mitigation
                        GHGs covered                           CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs and SF6 (as prescribed in the NGER Act)
                        Baseline(1)                            381,411                               422,811                                 2,059,639
                                                               247,011                               316,959                                 2,206,497
                        FY25 performance                       In February 2026, APLNG met the LNG facility’s net Scope 1 emissions baseline for the NGER compliance
                        against baseline(1)                    year ended on 30 June 2025 through the surrender of 146,858 SMCs that were generated by CTO and
                                                               SGRCC facilities.
                                                               Baselines are reviewed by the CER on application or as required under the Rule. The Safeguard Mechanism




For personal use only
                        Review process                         formal review is scheduled for the second half of 2026 and may change emissions intensity baselines and the
                                                               related compliance position beyond FY30 for covered facilities.

                    (1) 2024–25 baselines and emissions data | Clean Energy Regulator


                    Generation assets

                    For the electricity sector, a collective sectoral baseline of 198 million t CO2‑e per year is applied to grid connected electricity generators.
                    While total sector emissions remain under the baseline, individual facilities are not captured by the mechanism. Published NGER electricity
                    sector data indicates collective grid connected electricity generators Scope 1 emissions were 133.7 Mt CO2‑e in 2024–251.

                    The Safeguard Mechanism formal review scheduled for the second half of 2026 may change covered facilities or baselines beyond FY30.

                    FE DER AL AND STATE RE N E W A B L E E N E R G Y T A R G E T S
                    Origin is a liable entity under the Renewable Energy (Electricity) Act 2000 (Cth) and must surrender large-scale generation certificates
                    (LGCs) and small-scale technology certificates (STCs) to the CER each compliance year in proportion to its relevant acquisitions.

                    Origin is also subject to certificate-based state schemes: the Victorian Energy Upgrades, NSW Energy Savings Scheme and NSW Peak
                    Demand Reduction Scheme, which impose annual certificate surrender obligations on liable retailers.

                        ATTRIBUTE                  FEDERAL                                                       STATE
                        Obligation basis           Certificate surrender obligation set as a legislated proportion of Origin’s relevant acquisitions of energy (electricity or
                                                   gas) in the scheme jurisdiction.
                        Objective                  Mitigation – increase renewable generation; support           Mitigation – increase energy efficiency, emissions and peak
                                                   emissions reduction.                                          demand reduction.
                        Application                Acquisitions of wholesale electricity.                        State-based acquisitions of wholesale electricity and gas.
                        Base period                Primarily annual calendar compliance year.
                        Milestones                 Legislated surrender obligations to 2030. Targets set         Legislated targets, set annually by regulator.
                        and interim targets        annually by regulator.
                        Target type                Intensity-based rate applied to acquisition volume; annual liability is an absolute certificate quantity once acquisitions
                                                   are known.
                        Alignment with             Supports Australia’s Paris Agreement commitments              Contribute indirectly to Australia’s Paris Agreement
                        international              for the electricity generation sector. No sectoral            commitments across demand-side and energy-efficiency.
                        agreement and              decarbonisation approach.                                     No sectoral decarbonisation approach.
                        sectoral approach
                        Validation                 Reviewed by the CER via the annual statutory                  Assurance reviews are undertaken based on scheme
                                                   acquittal process.                                            requirements. Three reviews were completed in FY26.
                        Review, monitoring         Inventory, surrender liability and derivative positions monitored and reported monthly to management risk committees.
                        and revisions              No revisions to our approach or no material restatements in the period.
                        FY26 performance           Combined LGCs and STCs surrendered in compliance              Combined ~9 million certificates surrendered.
                                                   year ~10 million.
                        GHGs covered               CO2-e (electricity generation).                               Direct and indirect CO2-e (electricity generation saved or
                                                                                                                 gas abated).




                    1
                        CER Electricity sector emissions and production data 2024–25
  180
                    Sustainability Report




                    5 Climate-related targets and transition plan (continued)
                    5. 3 PRO G RESS AGA I NS T O U R T A R G ET S I N F Y 2 6

                    While we have made progress reducing emissions relative to our baseline, we note the path to achieving our targets is not linear. Various
                    factors will continue to influence our progress, many of which are beyond our control. These include the timing of new renewables and
                    supporting transmission infrastructure coming online, and demand from the NEM. Further detail on the basis of our Scope 1, 2, 3 emissions
                    intensity target is set out in the ‘Notes to the Climate Statements’.

                    5. 3. 1 PROGRESS AG AI N S T O U R V O L U NT A R Y 20 3 0 M E D I U M T E R M E M I S S I O N S R E D U C T I O N T A R GET S 2 , 3

                    Target 1                                                                                 Target 2
                    Reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 equity emissions intensity                                       Reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 absolute equity emissions
                    by 40 per cent by 2030 against our FY19 baseline.                                        by 20 million tonnes by 2030 against our FY19 baseline.

                    Intensity (t CO2-e/TJ, equity basis)                                                     Absolute (Mt CO2-e, equity basis)




For personal use only
                                  66                                                                                      53

                                                             55                                                                                      44


                                                                                       40                                                                                       33




                           FY19 (baseline)                 FY26                  FY30 (target)                     FY19 (baseline)                 FY26                  FY30 (target)
                                                                                                                     Scope 1         Scope 2        Scope 3




                    5. 3. 2 FY26 EMISSI ON S
                    Our total absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 (gross) equity emissions for FY26 was 44 Mt CO2-e, down approximately 1 Mt CO2-e from FY25 and 17
                    per cent lower than our FY19 baseline.

                    Scope 1 emissions from Eraring made up 84 per cent of our total Scope 1 equity emissions of 14.9 Mt CO2-e, with Scope 1 down due to
                    lower generation output at Eraring Power Station and our other generating sites.

                    Scope 2 emissions, though a small contributor, were also down slightly compared to FY25.

                    Scope 3 emissions, which account for the majority of our total emissions, remained steady in FY26 compared to FY25. For further detail
                    see FY26 equity emissions breakdown.

                    While exiting from coal-fired power generation is the most significant step we expect to take to achieve our medium term emissions
                    targets, the extension of Eraring coal-fired operations from August 2027 to April 2029 is not expected to affect those targets.




                    2
                        See our 2025 CTAP for further information on the basis for our medium term emissions intensity target setting.
                    3
                        Our medium term emissions reduction targets are set on a gross basis, and do not include the planned use of carbon credits. We do not currently use or have regard to
                        carbon offsets when tracking progress towards our 2030 emissions reduction targets and rather prioritise actions that enable direct emissions reductions.
                                                                                                                                                                                                181
                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                    5 Climate-related targets and transition plan (continued)
                        FY26 equity emissions




                                         Scope 1                                                    Scope 2                                                       Scope 3




For personal use only
                           Generation – Eraring                                 Generation                                                        Category 1 (Purchased goods and
                           Generation – Other                                   Integrated Gas – APLNG                                            services)

                           Integrated Gas – APLNG                               Other                                                             Category 3 (Fuel and energy)

                           Other                                                                                                                  Category 11 (Use of sold products)
                                                                                                                                                  Category 15 (Investments)
                                                                                                                                                  Other Scope 3 categories




                    5. 4 OUR LONG TERM AM B I T I O N F O R N ET Z E R O

                    As outlined in our 2025 CTAP, our ambition is to reach net zero Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions across our value chain by 2050. We view
                    the transition to 2050 as a structural shift in the energy sector. Our strategy focuses on enabling this shift in a commercially sound and
                    operationally reliable way that aligns with long term shareholder value creation. This ambition is distinct from our medium term targets in
                    section 5.2.

                                                                             Illustrative pathway to net zero 2050 (Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions)


                                                    33 MtCO2-e




                                                                                                                                                            Potential
                                                                                                                                                            residual
                                                                                                                                                            emissions


                                                       2030        NEM                  Gas sales      APLNG LNG sales    Gas generation    2050 residual
                                                                 (Scope 3)              (Scope 3)         (Scope 3)         (Scope 1)        emissions




                    Our pathway to achieving our 2050 net zero emissions ambition and achieving our 2030 targets remains subject to assumptions
                    and uncertainties.

                    We will continue to balance the pace of execution of our actions to achieve emissions reduction with the need to support energy reliability
                    and affordability. Achieving our 2050 net zero ambition will likely be a non-linear path and will require significant action, policy certainty
                    and coordination by governments, the private and public sector.

                    The uncertainties and risks to achieving our 2030 targets and our 2050 ambition remain largely as noted in our 2025 CTAP and include
                    extended timeframes to permit, approve and build new renewable projects; delays in building and connecting transmission infrastructure;
                    addressing community and landholder concerns and local impacts from developments; and timing of asset retirement. During FY26,
                    Origin announced that we would extend operations of the Eraring Power Station from August 2027 to April 2029 to support the energy
                    supply in NSW through the transition. The decision to close all four units in April 2029 is consistent with the terms of the existing
                    agreement reached with the NSW Government in May 2024.

                    We anticipate that by addressing any residual emissions with a combination of carbon removals and voluntary carbon credits, we can
                    achieve our ambition of net zero emissions by 2050.

                    Further assumptions and uncertainties associated with individual climate-related risks and opportunities are detailed in section 3.2.

                    We will continue to assess these in the coming years and reassess our pathway to net zero emissions if necessary.

   182
                    Sustainability Report




                    6 Greenhouse gas emissions
                    Origin reports GHG emissions on both an equity share and operational control basis. Emissions reported on an equity share basis are those
                    emissions relating to the assets Origin operates, including the generation fleet, and to equity investments such as Origin’s 27.5 per cent
                    share of Australia Pacific LNG, which includes downstream operations and non-operated assets. Origin’s emissions reduction targets use
                    equity share emissions. Further detail on how equity is applied can be found in ‘Notes to the Climate Statements’.

                    Origin’s operational control emissions are those from operated assets (primarily the generation fleet and 100 per cent of the upstream
                    operations at Australia Pacific LNG). We have elected to apply the jurisdictional relief available under AASB S2 for Scope 1 and
                    2 emissions, and to measure emissions using the methodologies prescribed by the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting
                    (Measurement) Determination 2008 (NGER Measurement Determination), which is the legally mandated framework for Australia. Our
                    reporting of operational control emissions aligns with the NGER Act.

                    Origin calculates Scope 3 equity emissions based on the GHG Protocol’s Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting
                    Standard and Scope 3 guidance documents. Refer to ‘Notes to the Climate Statements’ for more information. We have also included an
                    operational view of Origin’s emissions profile below. This information is provided for context only and is not required under AASB S2, nor is
                    it used in setting or assessing Origin’s climate‑related targets.




For personal use only
                        Equity share emissions(1)                                                                                          FY26                  FY25                   FY24
                        Scope 1 emissions (kt CO2-e)
                        Consolidated accounting group                                                                                     13,967                 15,114                14,874
                        Other investees                                                                                                      954                    935                   912
                        Total Scope 1 emissions (kt CO2-e)                                                                                14,921                16,049                15,786


                        Scope 2 emissions (kt CO2-e)(2)
                        Consolidated accounting group                                                                                        190                   206                    134
                        Other investees                                                                                                       612                   655                   674
                        Total Scope 2 emissions (kt CO2-e)                                                                                   802                    861                   808


                        Scope 3 emissions (kt CO2-e)
                        1. Purchased goods and services                                                                                    1,446
                        3. Fuel and energy-related activities                                                                              5,722
                        11. Use of sold products                                                                                          16,830
                        15. Investments                                                                                                    3,530
                        Other Scope 3 emissions(3)                                                                                           792
                        Total Scope 3 emissions (kt CO2-e)                                                                                28,321                28,233                28,394
                        Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 absolute emissions (kt CO2-e)                                                             44,043                 45,143                44,988
                        Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 intensity (t CO2-e/TJ)                                                                          55                    57                    58

                    (1) Due to rounding, numbers presented in these data tables may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.
                    (2) Reported on a location-based basis.
                    (3) Includes category 9 and 10.


                        Operated emissions(1)                                                                                              FY26                  FY25                   FY24
                        Scope 1 emissions (kt CO2-e)
                        Consolidated accounting group                                                                                     13,967                 15,114                14,874
                        Other investees                                                                                                      734                    683                   693
                        Total Scope 1 emissions (kt CO2-e)                                                                                14,701                15,797                15,567
                        Scope 2 emissions (kt CO2-e)(2)
                        Consolidated accounting group                                                                                        190                   206                    134
                        Other investees                                                                                                    1,900                 2,043                  2,067
                        Total Scope 2 emissions (kt CO2-e)                                                                                2,090                  2,249                  2,201

                    (1) Due to rounding, numbers presented in these data tables may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.
                    (2) Reported on a location-based basis.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  183
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    7 Notes to the Climate Statements
                    7 .1 SIG NIF IC ANT J UDGE M E NT S, E ST I MA T ES A N D                             7 . 3 TI M E H OR I ZO NS
                         ASSUMPTIONS
                                                                                                          CRROs are assessed across three-time horizons, broadly aligned
                    We have identified and assessed CRROs based on reasonable                             with the planning horizons used in Origin’s strategic planning
                    and supportable information available at the reporting date,                          and decision making. These time horizons reflect the investment
                    without undue cost or effort. Significant judgements, estimates and                   timeline of our long term assets and capital allocation decisions,
                    assumptions made by management are disclosed where relevant.                          relevant industry specific risk factors, investor timeframes, and
                                                                                                          voluntary and legislated targets. They provide a consistent
                    Estimates of anticipated financial effects reflect assumptions and                    framework for assessing climate-related impacts across the
                    investment decisions underpinning Origin’s long term strategy and                     business. These time horizons are:
                    are subject to change as plans evolve. Where the anticipated
                    financial effect of a CRRO cannot be quantified due to                                •     short term: up to 3 years;
                    measurement uncertainty, we have provided an explanation                              •     medium term: 4–10 years; and
                    and qualitative information, including by identifying the relevant                    •     long term: 10+ years.
                    financial statement line items that have been or are likely to be




For personal use only
                    affected by the CRRO.                                                                 7 . 4 V A LU E C HA I N
                    In applying AASB S2 to the CRRO assessment, judgement has
                                                                                                          Origin is an integrated energy company operating mainly in
                    been exercised in:
                                                                                                          Australia, with operations across electricity generation, energy
                    •   determining which CRROs are material, having regard                               retail and integrated gas. Our portfolio includes a mix of thermal
                        to financial materiality thresholds, internal risk materiality,                   generation, renewables and storage assets. We have a large
                        controls and information relevant to users of general-purpose                     retail customer base; an equity interest in Australia Pacific LNG,
                        financial reports;                                                                spanning upstream gas production through to LNG export;
                    •   assessing whether the impacts of CRROs are expected to arise                      and a strategic investment in Octopus Energy (a UK-based
                        over the short, medium or long term;                                              energy retailer) and Kraken Technologies (a technology platform
                    •   selecting the climate-related scenarios used in the assessment;                   supporting customer-led energy transition solutions). In assessing
                                                                                                          CRROs, we have considered the potential financial impacts across
                    •   determining how climate-related impacts are translated into
                                                                                                          Origin’s value chain. Further information on our business model
                        anticipated financial effects; and
                                                                                                          and value chain is available in the ‘Operating and Financial Review’.
                    •   presenting anticipated financial effects as ranges where the
                        degree of measurement uncertainty limits the usefulness of a                      7 . 5 E M IS S IO NS M E TH OD O L O G Y , IN P U T S A N D KE Y
                        defined upper bound.                                                                    AS SU MP TI O NS
                    In measuring the extent of assets or business activities exposed to
                                                                                                          We report our Scope 1 and 2 emissions under the NGER Act.1
                    CRROs, areas of judgement or uncertainty include:
                                                                                                          Scope 3 emissions are not covered by the NGER framework
                    •   determining the relevant financial metric that faithfully                         and we calculate Scope 3 emissions based on the Greenhouse
                        represents exposure to the business, and identifying areas                        Gas Protocol’s Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting
                        considered potentially exposed;                                                   and Reporting Standard2 and Scope 3 guidance documents.3
                    •   balancing comparability of the metric across consolidated                         Consistent with the application of jurisdictional relief and to
                        equity accounted investments, and the degree of exposure                          maintain methodological consistency, NGER and the National
                        across the business;                                                              Greenhouse Gas Accounts (NGA) frameworks are used where
                    •   apportioning financial metrics where only parts are exposed,                      appropriate for Scope 3 emissions calculations.
                        using inputs such as future output as the basis for                               Due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in measuring
                        apportionment; and                                                                emissions under the calculation methodologies used in the
                    •   preparing the metric on an unmitigated basis, using accounting                    preparation of such data, all emissions data or references to
                        information prepared under AASB, and may include balances or                      emissions volumes (including ratios or percentages) in this report
                        projects that are not directly affected by the CRRO.                              are estimates. Where data is not available due to timing, we apply
                                                                                                          a reasonable estimation methodology. Where applicable, we revise
                    The amount of assets or business activities exposed has been
                                                                                                          prior-year data to update prior estimates and align with external
                    rounded to the nearest $500 million, reflecting the estimation
                                                                                                          reporting requirements such as under the NGER Act.
                    uncertainty inherent in their measurement.
                                                                                                          O R GA NI SA T IO N AL B O U N D AR I E S AN D
                    7 .2 BA SIS OF QUAN T I FYI N G A ND A S SE SS I NG                                   C O NS O L IDA T I O N A PP R O AC H
                         CL IMATE-RELAT ED RI S K S A ND
                         OP PORTUNITIE S                                                                  For Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, Origin applies an operational
                                                                                                          control approach, under which emissions are reported from assets
                    Anticipated financial effects of CRROs are quantified based on                        and activities over which Origin has the authority to introduce
                    expected financial impacts arising from assumptions that may                          and implement operating and health, safety and environmental
                    differ from those underpinning the Group’s best estimate of                           policies. Origin also applies an equity share approach, for Scope
                    financial outcomes, but are still considered possible to occur. This                  1, 2 and 3 emissions, to recognise emissions in proportion to
                    differs from the climate-related resilience analysis undertaken to                    Origin’s economic interest in relevant activities and investments.
                    meet the requirements of AASB S2, which incorporates scenarios                        This combination reflects the differing nature of direct operational
                    that are not considered part of the Group’s best estimate of                          emissions, and value chain emissions and aligns with Origin’s
                    financial outcomes.                                                                   operating model and risk management practices.



                    1
                        National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) (cleanenergyregulator.gov.au).
                    2
                        Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard | Greenhouse Gas Protocol (ghgprotocol.org).
                    3
                        Scope 3 Calculation Guidance | Greenhouse Gas Protocol (ghgprotocol.org).
   184
                    Sustainability Report




                    7 Notes to the Climate Statements (continued)
                    Scope 1 – direct greenhouse gas emissions                             Scope 3 – indirect emissions

                    Origin measures Scope 1 GHG emissions using emissions                 Origin’s Scope 3 GHG emissions are reported using the equity
                    factors and methodologies appropriate to the nature of our            share approach and are indirect emissions that occur across
                    activities and consistent with applicable regulatory requirements.    the value chain, from upstream extraction and procurement
                    For Australian operations, Scope 1 emissions are calculated in        through to downstream processing and use of products. The
                    accordance with the NGER Measurement Determination. Where             Scope 3 inventory is designed and prepared using methodologies
                    Origin operates in jurisdictions without an equivalent regulatory     consistent with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain
                    framework, the NGER Measurement Determination is applied as           (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard and associated
                    the default methodology.                                              technical guidance.

                    Under the NGER framework, Origin applies both Method 2,               Origin has considered all 15 categories in the GHG Protocol and
                    which uses source-specific emissions factors derived from fuel        determined which of the Scope 3 categories are relevant to the
                    composition or sampling data, where such data is available, and       business model. We review these categories to assess if there is
                    Method 1 – which uses prescribed default emissions factors            a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that




For personal use only
                    applied to measured or estimated activity data (such as fuel          could affect Origin’s value chain. Scope 3 categories that are
                    consumed or gas volumes handled).                                     not separately disclosed have been assessed for relevance and
                                                                                          materiality and, where relevant, we have estimated and aggregated
                    Emissions from fuel combustion are calculated based on the
                                                                                          their emissions into an ‘other Scope 3’ category to provide a
                    quantity of fuel consumed, determined using a combination of
                                                                                          complete view of Origin’s value chain emissions.
                    field metering, calculations and commercial records (including
                    invoice data), as appropriate to the activity. Relevant emissions     Where Scope 3 emissions data is provided directly by operators
                    factors are applied in accordance with the NGER Measurement           or investees, that information is used in Origin’s inventory. Where
                    Determination for the specific fuel type and source. Origin applies   such data is unavailable, emissions are estimated using reasonable
                    both Method 2 and prescribed default Method 1 emissions factors,      and supportable methods, including extrapolation of historical
                    using higher-order methods where required or where they are           information or reference to comparable activities with similar
                    more representative of actual emissions. This may include using       operating characteristics. Depending on the category and data
                    fuel sampling and analysis data where applicable.                     availability, Origin applies calculation methods such as average
                                                                                          data, direct use phase, and other activity-based approaches that
                    Emissions associated with flaring and venting are calculated based
                                                                                          are consistent with GHG Protocol guidance. Emissions factors are
                    on measured or estimated volumes of gas flared or vented,
                                                                                          sourced from recognised reference datasets appropriate to the
                    determined using field metering, production allocation calculations
                                                                                          activity, including the National Greenhouse Accounts and other
                    and, where necessary, engineering estimates. Fugitive emissions,
                                                                                          relevant technical sources.
                    excluding emissions that are flared or vented, are calculated using
                    activity-based data such as hydrocarbon throughput, produced          Scope 3 emissions contain inherent uncertainty due to the use of
                    formation water volumes or equipment-based metrics. Emissions         estimates, assumptions and emissions factors, and the availability
                    factors are applied consistently with regulatory requirements.        and quality of underlying activity data. Any estimation techniques
                                                                                          selected are reasonable, supportable and applied consistently.
                    Scope 1 emissions are reported in carbon dioxide equivalent
                                                                                          Prior-period information may be amended or restated where
                    (CO2‑e) using 100‑year global warming potentials from the IPCC
                                                                                          material errors are identified or to maintain comparability following
                    Fifth Assessment Report, consistent with the NGER framework.
                                                                                          changes in methodology or reporting boundaries.
                    Scope 2 – indirect greenhouse gas emissions from
                                                                                          The table on the following page summarises Scope 3 emissions
                    purchased electricity
                                                                                          sources. Undisclosed Scope 3 categories have been assessed as
                                                                                          not applicable or not material for further disclosure.
                    For Scope 2 GHG emissions, the quantity of electricity purchased
                    or acquired is predominantly calculated from invoices. For            There were no material changes to Origin’s Scope 3 measurement
                    Australian operations, emissions are calculated using the location-   approaches, inputs or assumptions during the reporting period.
                    based method under the NGER Measurement Determination.
                    Quantities purchased or acquired for onsite consumption are           Origin’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions data has undergone
                    multiplied by specified state-based grid emissions factors.           limited assurance.

                    Scope 2 emissions are reported in CO2-e using emissions factors
                    and global warming potential assumptions prescribed under the
                    NGER framework.

                    There were no material changes to Origin’s Scope 1 or
                    Scope 2 measurement approaches, inputs or assumptions during
                    the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                                  185
                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report




                    7 Notes to the Climate Statements (continued)
                        SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS
                        Scope 3 category       Emissions-generating activity        Data sources                  Calculation method          Emissions factor source
                        Category 1:            Upstream emissions of purchased      Activity data for             Cradle-to-gate emissions    National Greenhouse
                        Purchased goods and    LPG and natural gas not              Category 1 is sourced         factors applied to LPG,     Account Factors
                        services (including    otherwise captured in Scope 1 or     from Origin’s internal        sales of third-party        published by the
                        their transportation   Scope 2 emissions                    commercial systems            natural gas and natural     Australian Government
                        and distribution)                                           (invoices), LPG sales         gas purchases               Department of Climate
                                                                                    volumes (invoices),                                       Change, Energy, the
                                                                                    domestic natural gas                                      Environment and Water
                                                                                    sales volumes by state                                    (NGA Factors)
                                                                                    (metered data), and
                                                                                    APLNG purchased natural
                                                                                    gas volumes (equity basis)
                                                                                    by state (invoice data)




For personal use only
                        Category 3:            Upstream emissions from              Purchase/contracted           Emission factors applied    AEMO-
                        Fuel and energy-       purchased electricity (extraction,   electricity volumes           to volume of electricity    published intensities
                        related activities     production, and transport)           (including PPAs/LGCs/         purchased/contracted
                                                                                    AEMO settlement
                                               Upstream emissions related to      Supplier and metered data       Emissions factors applied   AEMO-
                                               activities and combustion of fuels                                 to generated volumes        published intensities
                                               used to generate electricity
                        Category 9:            Emissions related to                 LNG export volumes            Emissions factors applied   NGER Measurement
                        Downstream             transportation and distribution      (equity basis) and            to sales volumes            Determination factors
                        transportation         of sold products not owned,          gas distribution (invoiced/   transported/distributed
                        and distribution       controlled or paid for by Origin     metered data)                                             Life cycle assessment
                                                                                                                                              LNG shipping factors
                        Category 11:           LNG, natural gas and LPG             Customer billing              Emission factors applied    NGA Factors
                        Use of sold products   supplied to the Group’s              (metered/invoice data)        to gas volume supplied
                                               customers, as well as                                              to customers (includes      Life cycle assessment
                                               ‘direct use phase’ emissions,                                      equity investments          LNG factors
                                               occurring downstream when                                          in APLNG)
                                               combustion occurs
                        Category 15:           Emissions from the investments       Customer                      Emissions factors applied   UK Government
                        Investments            in which Origin has an                                             to equity partner           conversion factors for
                                               equity share                                                       activity data               GHG reporting


                    7 .6 C LIMATE-RELATE D TA R G E T S                                         In the interim, we have tested Origin’s pathway envelope
                                                                                                against the updated IEA NZE scenario. We have also
                    Origin established its medium term emissions intensity target using         considered updated scenarios from the NGFS. These scenarios
                    2019 as the base year. This target setting drew on the IPCC special         incorporate developments in renewable energy technologies,
                    report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5°C, published in              key mitigation technologies, and energy market impacts due to
                    October 2018 (SR1.5). The IPCC is the United Nations body for               geopolitical events.
                    assessing the science related to climate change.
                                                                                                Emissions pathways and carbon budgets continue to evolve. We
                    There is no universal standard for assessing whether targets are            will continue to monitor and compare Origin’s target and pathway
                    consistent with the goals of the Paris Agreement, and views on              envelope against new data and guidance as it becomes available.
                    required pathways may differ given evolving science and the
                    absence of a single linear pathway. The Science Based Targets               Based on current analysis and noting that views differ on the
                    initiative (SBTi) is widely recognised as a point of reference.             pathway required to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement,
                    Origin’s approach was informed by the SBTi Foundations of                   we consider Origin’s medium term emissions intensity target
                    Science-based Target Setting guidance and the SBTi selection of             and long term ambition remain consistent with the goals of the
                    20 recommended IPCC SR1.5 low and no overshoot scenarios.                   Paris Agreement.

                    Origin also assessed third-party emissions trajectories, including          7 . 7 C L I MAT E S CE NA RI O S F O R R E S IL IE N C E
                    the IEA NZE scenario, which provides greater sector-specific                      TE S TI N G
                    detail. While a SDA was not applied as the sole basis for target
                    setting, SBTi draft guidance for the oil and gas sector was                 Origin has selected climate-related scenarios for resilience testing
                    considered and SDA concepts were used to inform the target-                 that reflect the latest science available as at the reporting date.
                    setting process.                                                            In selecting scenarios, Origin also ensures compliance with the
                                                                                                Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) requirement to assess climate
                    Origin has continued to review and assess third-party emissions
                                                                                                resilience using at least two temperature referable scenarios,
                    pathways consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5°C against
                                                                                                currently including a 1.5°C scenario and a scenario in which global
                    Origin’s 1.5°C pathway envelope and target. The IPCC has not
                                                                                                warming well exceeds 2°C.
                    released updated pathways since 2022. As at the end of FY26, the
                    SBTi had not finalised guidance for integrated energy companies
                    and does not validate these targets; this position has remained
                    unchanged since 2022.




   186
                    Sustainability Report




                    Directors’ Declaration
                    1. In the opinion of the Directors of Origin Energy Limited (the Company), the Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the
                       substantive provisions of the Sustainability Report of the Company and its controlled entities (collectively the Group) for the year
                       ended 30 June 2026 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
                         a. the requirements contained in Section 296D of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth); and
                         b. complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures and any further requirements determined
                            under Section 296C(2) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).




                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




For personal use only
                        Scott Perkins                Frank Calabria
                        Chair                        Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

                        Sydney, 13 August 2026       Sydney, 13 August 2026




                                                                                                                                                              187
                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    Independent Auditor’s Report

                                                                   Ernst & Young                            Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                   200 George Street                        Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                   Sydney NSW 2000 Australia                ey.com/au
                                                                   GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                        Independent auditor’s review report to the members of Origin Energy
                        Limited
                        Conclusion on selective sustainability information
                        We have conducted a review of the following information in the Sustainability Report of Origin Energy
                        Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2026
                        (the ‘selective sustainability information’) as required by Australian Standard on Sustainability
                        Assurance ASSA 5010 Timeline for Audits and Reviews of Information in Sustainability Reports under




For personal use only
                        the Corporations Act 2001 issued by the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (AUASB):

                                                   Criteria: Reporting requirement of
                         Selective                 AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures
                         sustainability            (AASB S2) (including related general
                         information               disclosures required by Appendix D)                    Location in Sustainability Report
                         Governance                Paragraph 6                                            Section ‘2 Governance’ (pages 158 to
                                                                                                          159)
                         Strategy (risk and        Subparagraphs 9(a), 10(a) and 10(b)                    Section ‘3.2 Climate-related risks and
                         opportunities)                                                                   opportunities’ (pages 161 to 170),
                                                                                                          specifically: Risk & Opportunity name
                                                                                                          (including type) and Description

                         Scope 1 and 2             Subparagraphs 29(a)(i)(1) to (2) and                   Sections ‘5.3.2 FY26 Emissions’ (page
                         emissions                 29(a)(ii) to (v)                                       181), ‘6 Greenhouse gas emissions’
                                                                                                          (page 183) and ‘7.5 Emissions
                                                                                                          Methodology, Inputs and Key
                                                                                                          Assumptions’ (page 184-185)


                        The requirements of AASB S2 identified in the table above form the criteria relevant to the selective
                        sustainability information and apply under Division 1 of Part 2M.3 of the Corporations Act 2001 (the
                        Act).

                        We have not become aware of any matter in the course of our review that makes us believe that the
                        selective sustainability information specified in the table above does not comply with Division 1 of Part
                        2M.3 of the Corporations Act 2001.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




   188
                    Independent Auditor’s Report




                                      Conclusion on subject matter
                                      We have conducted a review of the following information in the Sustainability Report of Origin Energy
                                      Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2026
                                      (the ‘subject matter’):

                                      Subject Matter                          Criteria                                  Location in Sustainability Report
                                      Scope 3 emissions (equity)              For Scope 1 and 2 emissions:              Sections ‘5.3.2 FY26 Emissions’
                                                                              ▪    Equity: The GHG Protocol             (page 181), ‘6 Greenhouse gas
                                      Total absolute Scope 1, 2




For personal use only
                                                                                   Corporate Accounting and             emissions’ (page 183) and ‘7.5
                                      and 3 emissions (equity)
                                                                                   Reporting Standard (GHG              Emissions Methodology, Inputs and
                                      Total Scope 1, 2 and 3                       Protocol)                            Key Assumptions’ (page 184-186)
                                      emissions intensity (equity)
                                                                              For Scope 3 emissions:
                                                                              ▪    Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s
                                                                                   Corporate Value Chain (Scope
                                                                                   3) Accounting and Reporting
                                                                                   Standard



                                      Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, we have not become
                                      aware of any matter in the course of our review that makes us believe that the subject matter outlined
                                      above for the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the criteria for the
                                      year ended 30 June 2026.

                                      Basis for conclusions

                                      Our reviews have been conducted in accordance with Australian Standard on Sustainability Assurance
                                      ASSA 5000 General Requirements for Sustainability Assurance Engagements (ASSA 5000) issued by
                                      the AUASB. Our reviews include obtaining limited assurance about whether the selective
                                      sustainability information and subject matter is free from material misstatement.

                                      In applying the relevant criteria for the selective sustainability information, we note that subsection
                                      296C(1) of the Act includes a requirement to comply with AASB S2.

                                      Our conclusions are based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained
                                      in accordance with ASSA 5000. The procedures in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are
                                      less in extent than for, an audit. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a review is
                                      substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an audit been performed.
                                      See the Summary of the Work performed section of our report.

                                      Our responsibilities under ASSA 5000 are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities section of
                                      our report.

                                      We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                                      Act and the ethical requirements of APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
                                      Independence Standards) issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board Limited
                                      (November 2018 incorporating all amendments to June 2024) (the Code), that are relevant to
                                      reviews of public interest entities in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
                                      in accordance with these requirements and the Code.



                                      A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                      Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                            189
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                        Our firm applies Australian Standard on Quality Management ASQM 1 Quality Management for
                        Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Reports and Other Financial Information or Other
                        Assurance or Related Services Engagements, which requires the firm to design, implement and
                        operate a system of quality management, including policies and procedures regarding compliance with
                        ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

                        We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        conclusions.

                        Other information




For personal use only
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
                        comprises the Company’s Annual Report, including the Financial Report and the Sustainability Report,
                        but does not include the selective sustainability information and subject matter, and our review report
                        thereon.

                        Our conclusion on the selective sustainability information and the subject matter does not cover the
                        other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. We have issued a
                        separate auditor’s report on the Financial Report and the Remuneration Report.

                        In connection with our review of the selective sustainability information and the subject matter, our
                        responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the
                        other information is materially inconsistent with the selective sustainability information and the
                        subject matter, or our knowledge obtained when conducting the reviews, or otherwise appears to be
                        materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
                        misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report
                        in this regard.

                        Responsibilities for the selective sustainability information and subject matter
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for:

                        ▪     The preparation of the selective sustainability information in accordance with the Act; and

                        ▪     Designing, implementing and maintaining such internal control necessary to enable the
                              preparation of the selective sustainability information, in accordance with the Act that is free
                              from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                        Management of the Company are responsible for:

                        ▪     The identification and selection of suitable criteria for the subject matter;

                        ▪     The preparation of the subject matter in accordance with the criteria; and

                        ▪     Designing, implementing and maintaining such internal control necessary to enable the
                              preparation of the subject matter, in accordance with the criteria that is free from material
                              misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                        Inherent limitations
                        As discussed on pages 158 to 171 and 184 of the Report, climate-related risk management is an
                        emerging area, and often uses data and methodologies that are developing and uncertain. The Report
                        contains forward looking statements, including climate-related scenarios, targets, assumptions,
                        climate projections, forecasts, statements of future intentions and estimates and judgements that

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




  190
                    Independent Auditor’s Report




                                      have not yet occurred and may never occur. We do not provide assurance on the achievability of this
                                      prospective information.

                                      Greenhouse gas emissions quantification is subject to significant measurement uncertainty, which
                                      arises because of incomplete scientific knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values
                                      needed to combine emissions of different gases. The comparability of sustainability information
                                      between entities and over time may be affected by inconsistencies in the methods to estimate or
                                      measure those emissions, due to different, but acceptable, methods applied.

                                      Auditor’s responsibilities




For personal use only
                                      Our objectives are to plan and perform the reviews to obtain limited assurance about whether the
                                      selective sustainability information and subject matter, defined in the Conclusions section of our
                                      report, is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a review report
                                      that includes our conclusions. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
                                      material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence decisions
                                      of users taken on the basis of the selective sustainability information and subject matter.

                                      As part of a review in accordance with ASSA 5000, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
                                      professional scepticism throughout the engagement. We also:

                                      ▪     Perform risk assessment procedures, including obtaining an understanding of internal control
                                            relevant to the engagement, to identify and assess the risks of material misstatements, whether
                                            due to fraud or error, at the disclosure level but not for the purpose of providing a conclusion on
                                            the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control.

                                      ▪     Design and perform procedures responsive to assessed risks of material misstatement at the
                                            disclosure level. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
                                            than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
                                            misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                      Summary of the work performed
                                      A review is a limited assurance engagement and involves performing procedures to obtain evidence
                                      about the selective sustainability information and subject matter. The nature, timing and extent of
                                      procedures selected depend on professional judgement, including the assessed risks of material
                                      misstatement at the disclosure level, whether due to fraud or error.

                                      The procedures we performed for the review of the selective sustainability information included, but
                                      were not limited to:
                                      ▪     Considered the completeness of the Group’s assessment of climate-related risks and
                                            opportunities

                                      ▪     Conducted interviews with key personnel to understand the process for collecting, collating and
                                            reporting the selective sustainability information during the reporting period

                                      ▪     Read minutes of relevant committees to understand matters discussed and decisions made with
                                            respect to climate-related disclosures

                                      ▪     Assessed the appropriateness of the reporting boundaries applied

                                      ▪     Undertook analytical review procedures to support the reasonableness of the selective
                                            sustainability information

                                      A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                      Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                  191
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                        ▪     Evaluated the appropriateness of emission factors applied in the greenhouse gas emission
                              processes

                        ▪     Agreed the selective sustainability information disclosures made in the report with the underlying
                              records

                        ▪     Evaluated the presentation and disclosure of the selective sustainability information against the
                              requirements of AASB S2.

                        The procedures we performed for the review of the subject matter included, but were not limited to:




For personal use only
                        ▪     Conducted interviews with key personnel to understand the process for collecting, collating and
                              reporting the subject matter during the reporting period

                        ▪     Assessed the appropriateness of the reporting boundaries applied

                        ▪     Undertook analytical review procedures to support the reasonableness of the subject matter

                        ▪     Performing recalculations of performance metrics to confirm quantities stated were replicable,
                              such as performing a recalculation of greenhouse gas emissions using source data and the
                              relevant emissions factor as defined by the Criteria

                        ▪     Assessing evidence on a sample basis, such as selecting a sample of coal purchases and assessing
                              whether the reported amounts aligned with the support provided

                        ▪     Agreed the subject matter disclosures made in the report with the underlying records

                        ▪     Evaluated the presentation and disclosure of the subject matter against the requirements of the
                              criteria.




                        Ernst & Young




                        Ryan Fisk
                        Partner
                        Sydney
                        13 August 2026




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




   192
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                    FO R THE YEA R EN DED 3 0 J U NE 2 0 26



                    Overview


                        A SH RE USED AT ERARI N G                       P ROD U CE D WA TE R                             C US TO ME R A CC OU NTS
                                                                        AP PL I E D TO                                   RE CE I V I NG HA RD S HIP
                                                                        B EN E F IC I A L U S E                          AN D F I NA NC I AL
                                                                                                                         SU P P OR T S E R V IC E S




                        77%                                             14,772 ML                                        110,000
                        up from 61% in FY25                             or around 85%, up from 81%                       up from 82,000 in FY25




For personal use only
                                                                        in FY25




                        COMMUNITY                                       DI RE C T A ND I N D I RE CT                     T OT AL R E C O RD AB L E
                        CONTRIBUTION S                                  S PE N D W IT H                                  I N J UR Y FR E Q U E NC Y
                        THRO UG H THE                                   RE GI O N AL S UP P L I E RS                     RA T E ( TR I F R)
                        ORIG IN FO UNDA TI O N




                        $3.7m                                           $475m                                            2.9
                        via grants, volunteering, workplace             up from $404m in FY25                            down from 4.4 in FY25
                        giving and other donations




                    I MPO RTANT INFOR MA TI O N                                             C ON TE NT S

                    This Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report sets out           1. Planet
                    information about Origin’s approach to managing sustainability-
                                                                                                  1.1 Air emissions
                    related risks and opportunities and provides a summary of our
                    performance for the period 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2026 (FY26).                1.2 Biodiversity
                                                                                                  1.3 Water
                    It does not include our climate-related financial disclosures
                    prepared in accordance with the mandatory Australian                          1.4 Waste
                    Sustainability Reporting Standards, which are contained in our
                    Sustainability Report.                                                    2. Stakeholder engagement and a just transition
                    It should be read in conjunction with the ‘Important information’
                    section at the front of the Annual Report on page 5.                      3. Customers
                                                                                                  3.1 Supporting vulnerable customers

                                                                                              4. Communities
                                                                                                  4.1 Engaging local stakeholders and sharing benefits
                                                                                                  4.2 First Nations engagement
                                                                                                  4.3 Supply chain

                                                                                              5. Our people
                                                                                                  5.1 Safety, health and wellbeing
                                                                                                  5.2 Engaging and developing our people
                                                                                                  5.3 Diversity and inclusion

                                                                                              6. About our reporting

                                                                                              7. Key stakeholder measures



                                                                                                                                                         193
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    1 Planet
                    We seek to protect the environment in which we work by                  For the Yanco Delta project, we are securing offsets within
                    preventing or mitigating adverse impacts. We actively manage air        the same bioregion for use in seeking to compensate for
                    emissions, waste, water use, land management and disturbance,           biodiversity impacts. This includes working with local landowners
                    biosecurity, biodiversity and other environmental impacts.              to establish biodiversity stewardship agreements that provide
                                                                                            direct, land-based offsets for the project.
                    Our health, safety, security and environmental (HSSE)
                    management system sets the minimum expectations for managing            L A ND R E H AB IL I T AT I O N AN D R E ST O R A T I O N
                    environmental risks and impacts, and aligns to the requirements
                    of ISO 14001, which specifies requirements for environmental            We take actions to rehabilitate disturbed areas that are no longer
                    management systems. Eraring Power Station’s environmental               in use, as required by our regulatory approvals and/or as agreed
                    management system is certified to ISO 14001:2015.                       in consultation with landowners, Traditional Owners or local
                                                                                            communities. To minimise impacts to disturbed areas, we seek
                    1 .1 A IR E MISSIO NS                                                   to progressively rehabilitate land after completing construction
                                                                                            activities. As upstream operator of Australia Pacific LNG, we
                    Electricity generation at Eraring Power Station accounts for the        reinstated 157 hectares of disturbed areas in FY26, including well




For personal use only
                    majority of Origin’s nitrogen oxide (NOx), sulphur dioxide (SO2)        leases, pipeline corridors and access tracks.
                    and particulate matter (PM) emissions, while our operations
                    at Australia Pacific LNG produce most of our volatile organic           1 . 3 WA TE R
                    compound (VOC) emissions.
                                                                                            We recognise that water is a scarce and valuable resource
                    We seek to minimise emissions and look for opportunities to do so       and work to responsibly manage our water use. We seek to
                    throughout an asset’s lifecycle.                                        protect water resources in the natural environment through robust
                    In FY26, NOx, SO2 and VOC emissions at Eraring decreased                processes and procedures, including mitigating impacts on local
                    slightly compared to FY25, reflecting a decrease in generation. Air     water supplies and aquatic ecosystems.
                    emissions at Eraring will vary with coal quality and generation, with
                    performance supported by adherence to our existing maintenance          E R A RI NG P O WE R S T A T IO N
                    program. VOC emissions at Australia Pacific LNG were up slightly        Water forms an integral part of Eraring Power Station’s generating
                    on FY25, driven by upstream production activity.                        system. The cooling water system at Eraring does not rely on
                    Our larger operating sites track and report air emissions under         municipal or freshwater supplies; instead, it draws salt water from
                    the National Pollutant Inventory framework, which provides a            Lake Macquarie and returns it to the lake after use. In FY26,
                    publicly available emissions database. Eraring’s air emissions          around 2.6 million megalitres (ML) of water was cycled through the
                    calculations are independently verified and its Environmental           system and returned to the lake in accordance with water quality
                    Protection Licence monitoring data is available on our website.         requirements and temperature limits.

                                                                                            As part of our operating licence, we undertake a comprehensive
                    1 .2 BIO DIVERSITY                                                      surface water and groundwater monitoring and assessment
                                                                                            program across the site and in Lake Macquarie.
                    Our operations and projects are located across a wide
                    geographical area and include a variety of environmental settings       A U ST RA L IA P AC IFIC L N G
                    that support different species, habitats and ecosystems.
                                                                                            Australia Pacific LNG’s upstream operations extract groundwater
                    We conduct biodiversity assessments during the design and               (known as ‘produced water’) from coal seams to reduce pressure,
                    approval phase of our projects. Where potential impacts to              allowing natural gas to flow to the surface.
                    biodiversity are identified, we design site construction plans to
                    comply with applicable laws, have regard to minimising habitat          In FY26, we extracted 17,474 ML of produced water. Of this, a total
                    disturbance, offset significant residual impacts where required, and    of 14,772 ML, or around 85 per cent, was applied to beneficial
                    incorporate actions to rehabilitate disturbed areas. These plans        uses, up from 81 per cent in FY25. Treated produced water
                    also consider cultural heritage, landowner needs, erosion risk,         is used for crop irrigation, livestock drinking water, or injection
                    management of biosecurity risks, and constructability.                  into aquifers, while a smaller amount of treated and untreated
                                                                                            produced water is used for project activities. Around 2,097 ML
                    In FY26, Origin commissioned more than 10 ecological surveys            of brine resulting from the water treatment process (see Waste),
                    across our projects, including the Yanco Delta Wind Farm and            and the remaining untreated water, was stored or lost through
                    Northern Tablelands Wind Farm projects. The Yanco Delta studies         natural evaporation.
                    informed a modification to the existing project approval, which
                    includes measures to minimise potential impacts such as adoption        Australia Pacific LNG has pioneered large-scale injection of treated
                    of a transmission line strategy to reduce vegetation clearing,          produced water underground into the Precipice Sandstone aquifer
                    adjusting turbine locations to reduce risk of bird and bat collision,   in the Surat Basin. As a result, groundwater level increases
                    and avoiding known habitat for threatened flora and fauna species       attributable to injection have been observed in the Precipice
                    where possible.                                                         Sandstone at distances up to 100 km from injection sites, providing
                                                                                            benefits to groundwater users and the environment.
                    OFFSET I NI TI ATIVE S
                                                                                            We install bores to monitor groundwater levels and water quality
                    Australia Pacific LNG has around 10,200 hectares of land-based          around our Australia Pacific LNG operations. Data collected is
                    direct offsets across six properties. These offsets compensate for      submitted to the Queensland Government’s Office of Groundwater
                    residual impacts to ecosystems, habitats and species listed under       Impact Assessment as part of its regional monitoring and
                    national and state frameworks. Australia Pacific LNG owns four          management, including simulating groundwater drawdown. This
                    other areas totalling more than 2,000 hectares to support future        information can be found at ogia.water.qld.gov.au/publications-
                    offset requirements as development projects progress.                   reports.




  194
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                    1 Planet (continued)
                    1 .4 WA STE                                                                        In FY26, our ash reuse rate increased to 77 per cent from
                                                                                                       61 per cent in FY25. We report annually against our Long Term Ash
                    Our approach to waste management is governed by our operating                      Management Strategy and publish the information on our website.
                    licences and conditions at an asset level. We look for ways
                    to reduce, recycle or eliminate waste across our business and                      M AN AG IN G BR IN E AT A U ST R A L IA P A C IF IC L N G
                    apply a hierarchy of waste management aimed at minimising                          Brine, a by-product from treating produced water from Australia
                    waste disposal.                                                                    Pacific LNG’s upstream operations, is stored in engineered ponds,
                                                                                                       allowing for further concentration through evaporation. The ponds
                    RECY CLING A SH AT ERARI N G P O W ER ST A TI O N                                  are built to regulatory standards and are inspected annually by
                    The main solid by-product from burning coal at Eraring is ash, most                certified engineers. Around 7,600 ML of brine was stored at the
                    of which is fly ash. Ash that is not immediately reused is stored on               end of FY26.
                    site in the Eraring ash dam.                                                       During FY26, we continued to work with the University of
                    We aim to minimise the quantity of ash sent to the ash dam,                        Queensland’s Gas & Energy Transition Research Centre and the
                                                                                                       CSIRO’s Gas Industry Social and Environmental Research Alliance




For personal use only
                    including by facilitating its use by onsite customers. Fly ash has
                    numerous applications across industrial and construction sectors,                  (GISERA) to improve salt management options in line with the
                    including as a component in concrete and a stabilisation material                  Queensland Government’s Coal Seam Gas Brine Management
                    in land remediation. We actively participate in and advocate                       Action Plan 2023–2033.
                    for collaboration between generators, government agencies,
                    regulators and potential customers to optimise ash recovery for use
                    as a resource.


                    2 Stakeholder engagement and a just transition
                    Origin supports the Paris Agreement, which recognises the imperative of a just transition, one that is as fair and inclusive as possible,
                    delivers decent work opportunities and engages communities.

                    The scale of the energy transition requires commitment and a collaborative approach between governments, industry, investors and
                    communities, supported by the right policies and regulation. Origin has dedicated teams that support these stakeholder interactions and
                    seek to facilitate constructive relationships. These include:
                    •   community advisors to help facilitate Origin’s engagement and regular dialogue with the communities in which Origin operates;
                    •   a government relations team that regularly interacts with policymakers to help develop policy to enhance business certainty; and
                    •   a corporate communications team that regularly interacts with media and non-governmental organisations to create a better
                        understanding of Origin’s business, priorities and progress.

                    We also contribute to the formulation of public policy through submissions on a range of legislation and reviews.

                    Our just energy transition principles guide our approach to managing our impact through the energy transition, addressing key
                    environmental and social considerations, and emphasising the importance of open and transparent stakeholder engagement.


                        Our Just Energy Transition Principles




                        Creating sustainable
                        value for shareholders
                        and stakeholders
                        We will develop and act on a
                        tailored approach through inclusive,               Planet                      Customer                   Communities                   Our people
                        open, informed and ongoing                     We aim to lead the        We will provide low carbon          We will promote           We will support our
                                                                   energy transition and will      solutions to support our      opportunities to create       people through the
                        consultation our stakeholders,              take actions to preserve                                                                     energy transition,
                                                                                                    customers’ transitions         economic value and
                        including advocating for policies         biodiversity and restore the       and strive to provide      development by engaging     providing career planning
                        and regulation to support a just                 environment.               affordable and reliable      with local communities,        and upskilling, and
                                                                                                 energy through the energy         Traditional Owners,       seeking redevelopment
                        transition.                                                              transition, while supporting     governments and our        opportunities for those
                                                                                                     the most vulnerable        value chain on the energy    whose roles are directly
                                                                                                    customers with access               transition.         affected by the transition.
                                                                                                          to energy.




                                                                                                                                                                                          195
                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                    3 Customers
                    We continue to introduce new products and invest in technology           4 . 1 E NG A G I NG LO C AL ST A K E HO LD E R S A ND
                    to provide customers with greater choice, and adapt to provide                 SH AR IN G B E NE FI T S
                    better value and improved customer experience. We provide an
                    FY26 update in section 5.1 of our Operating and Financial Review.        Origin prioritises early and ongoing engagement with local
                                                                                             communities. We recognise that effective, two-way dialogue
                    We recognise the importance of supporting our customers, both
                                                                                             with our local stakeholders is essential to build and maintain
                    households and businesses, through the transition to a low-carbon
                                                                                             community trust, secure licence to operate, and ultimately enable
                    world. This includes providing simple and affordable cleaner
                                                                                             the long-term success of our projects and assets.
                    energy solutions to help them manage their emissions and energy
                    costs, and supporting vulnerable customers.                              We engage with local stakeholders throughout an asset’s life
                                                                                             cycle, from initial social impact assessments, through to closure
                    3. 1 SUPP ORTING V UL N E RA B L E C U S T O ME R S                      planning, to understand the impacts of our activities and identify
                                                                                             opportunities to deliver shared benefits.
                    We offer tailored support options to customers experiencing
                    vulnerability, including payment plans and additional bill relief,       Investment in achieving shared community benefits is also a




For personal use only
                    energy-efficiency consultations, referrals to financial counselling      key component of a just energy transition. Our approach to
                    services, and help accessing government concessions. We also             shared benefits is underpinned by robust research, and meaningful
                    deliver face-to-face support through community events such as            engagement and collaboration with local stakeholders, aiming to
                    ‘Bring Your Bills Days’, attending 30 events across regional and         ensure that proposed benefits are purposeful and effective.
                    metropolitan areas in FY26, alongside targeted outreach to First
                                                                                             R E N E W AB L E D E VE L O PM E N T S
                    Nations and other remote communities.
                                                                                             In FY26, Origin conducted targeted engagement with councils,
                    To improve accessibility for customers from culturally and
                                                                                             landholders, neighbours, and First Nations and other community
                    linguistically diverse backgrounds, in FY26 we introduced
                                                                                             members to prepare and seek feedback on a modification
                    translated versions of key support materials, including our
                                                                                             to the existing Yanco Delta Wind Farm project approval
                    Family and Domestic Violence Policy and hardship and payment
                                                                                             submitted to the NSW Government. More than 130 locals
                    difficulty information.
                                                                                             joined community information sessions, providing opportunities
                    We also engaged with industry and consumer stakeholders                  to exchange information and answer questions. Community input
                    to inform our approach to supporting customers experiencing              is continuing to inform project development, and Origin will
                    vulnerability. This included stakeholders in the financial counselling   provide a formal response to feedback received through the
                    sector and cross‑sector forums addressing issues such as the             modification process.
                    impacts of family violence and disaster recovery.
                                                                                             Initiatives in the New England Renewable Energy Zone
                    FIN AN CI AL HARDSH IP                                                   included community consultation on a scoping report for the
                                                                                             Northern Tablelands Wind Farm and targeted briefings for key
                    Over the past three years, we have spent around $125 million             stakeholder groups.
                    to assist customers experiencing hardship, including around
                    $40 million in FY26.                                                     In FY26, we undertook consultation to inform our shared benefits
                                                                                             program for the Yanco Delta Wind Farm, taking into account the
                    Our Power On program is open to all residential customers in the         needs and interests of community stakeholders, local government,
                    Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Queensland, South         neighbours and First Nations groups. Origin has committed
                    Australia and Western Australia who are experiencing hardship            $41 million in support of this program over the life of the project.
                    and finding it difficult to pay their energy bills. Customers in this    This includes a $1 million pledge made in FY26 to support a
                    program are offered a range of support options. As at 30 June            new childcare centre in Deniliquin, helping to address a critical
                    2026, there were approximately 59,000 customer accounts in               shortage of early education places in Edward River, and $10 million
                    Power On, up from around 43,000 in FY25.                                 in Voluntary Planning Agreements with Murrumbidgee Council
                                                                                             and Edward River Council to maximise early benefits for local
                    In Victoria, we offer payment assistance under the Payment
                                                                                             communities. These local government areas are also the focus of
                    Difficulty Framework, which entitles customers to a range of
                                                                                             our partnership with Business NSW Riverina Murray, established in
                    assistance options to help them pay their energy bills. As at
                                                                                             FY26 to support local business readiness to benefit from regional
                    30 June 2026, we were supporting approximately 50,000
                                                                                             economic development associated with the renewables industry.
                    customer accounts in Victoria through tailored assistance options,
                    including payment plans to help manage debt, up from 39,000
                                                                                             E R A RI NG P O WE R S T A T IO N
                    in FY25.
                                                                                             At Eraring Power Station, our community engagement during

                    4 Communities                                                            FY26 focused on the planned closure and future site transition.
                                                                                             Regular community newsletters and a quarterly Community
                                                                                             Forum, which brings together representatives from community and
                    Origin strives to build strong and lasting relationships with our        First Nations groups, business, government and Origin, provided
                    community stakeholders. With projects and operated assets that           stakeholders with updates on operations and closure-related
                    can have a lifespan of several decades, our long-term presence in        activities and planning, and opportunities to give feedback.
                    communities provides opportunities for regional employment and
                    procurement; infrastructure development; community investment;           We also undertook targeted engagement with near neighbours and
                    financial payments for landholders and Traditional Owners; and           local community groups in FY26 to inform the preparation of the
                    taxes, levies and royalties for governments.                             scoping report for the transition of the Eraring site post closure.
                                                                                             Community feedback focused on the future use of the site, new
                                                                                             development such as the large-scale battery, and potential impacts
                                                                                             of site transition on nearby land and cooling water canals.




   196
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                    4 Communities (continued)
                    As part of the closure and site transition, we established a fund to   C O MM U NI T Y CO NC E R NS A N D C O MP L A IN T S
                    support communities in the Lake Macquarie area. We plan to invest
                    $5 million between 2023 and 2032, with $1.74 million committed1        Origin has formal grievance mechanisms that enable community
                    at the end of FY26.                                                    members to raise concerns and provide feedback. We monitor
                                                                                           complaints, response times and resolutions, and use feedback from
                    AUS TR ALIA PACIFIC L NG                                               stakeholders to continuously improve our processes.

                    As upstream operator of Australia Pacific LNG, we continued our        In FY26, community complaints increased to 16 from 7 in FY25,
                    program of engagement with local stakeholders during FY26,             primarily relating to environmental impacts, noise, unauthorised
                    including local councils, chambers of commerce, landholders            road use and neighbour concerns. Landholder complaints
                    and communities. We also engaged with landholders and                  increased to 42 from 22, consistent with longer-term averages
                    communities across development areas to ensure they are                and reflecting increased activity and the engagement of new
                    informed, can participate meaningfully, and that their perspectives    contracting teams in Australia Pacific LNG upstream operations.
                    are considered in planning and decision making.                        The largest number of complaints related to gate management. We
                                                                                           continue to strengthen controls and training to support effective




For personal use only
                    More than $2 million was contributed to the community this             land access and stakeholder engagement.
                    year through the longstanding Australia Pacific LNG community
                    investment program. In FY26, Australia Pacific LNG marked its          4 . 2 F I R ST NA TI O NS E NG A G E M E N T
                    10-year partnership with the Queensland Symphony Orchestra,
                    supporting the delivery of music education and performance to          We recognise Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as
                    regional communities that would otherwise have limited access          the Traditional Owners and Custodians of Country throughout
                    to these experiences. We invested more than $1 million over the        Australia. We acknowledge and are guided by the International
                    partnership, bringing orchestral music to 10,000 students in the       Labour Organization Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention
                    Maranoa and Western Downs.                                             169 and the United Nations (UN) Declaration on the Rights of
                                                                                           Indigenous Peoples.
                    We also contribute to regional economic participation by
                    supporting local employment, apprenticeships, and procurement.         We seek to engage with First Nations groups in a manner that
                    In our Integrated Gas business, around 200 of our employees            respects their enduring connection to Country and recognises
                    live in the communities where we operate, and we run regional          their distinct cultures, rights, perspectives and aspirations.
                    apprenticeship schemes to build local workforce capacity through
                    training and development. See Supply chain for information on          Australia Pacific LNG holds Indigenous land use agreements
                    regional procurement.                                                  and other agreements with Traditional Owners, which recognise
                                                                                           native title rights and interests. These agreements are developed
                                                                                           collaboratively to help identify sustainable social and economic
                                                                                           development opportunities, including skills development and
                         ORIG IN F OUNDAT I O N                                            contractor engagement.
                         The Origin Foundation provides philanthropic grant                As upstream operator of Australia Pacific LNG, Origin continued
                         funding to non-profit organisations to increase access            to take actions to foster engagement and strengthen relationships
                         to science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM)              with First Nations communities and Traditional Owners in FY26
                         education and improve education outcomes for young                through cultural, educational and community initiatives. These
                         people in Australia, including First Nations students and         included supporting NAIDOC Week and National Reconciliation
                         young people in regional, rural and remote communities.           Week activities, cultural and educational experiences for local
                         Through our volunteer program, our employees can give             schools, and community gatherings that provided opportunities for
                         their time, skills and expertise to support their local           Elders to connect and share knowledge.
                         communities and Origin Foundation partners. Through our           In FY26, we continued regular engagement with the Griffith and
                         workplace giving program, they can donate to Australian           Cummeragunja Local Aboriginal Land Councils (LALCs) to provide
                         charities listed on the GoodCompany giving platform, with         updates on the Yanco Delta Wind Farm project, with a focus
                         contributions matched dollar for dollar by the Foundation.        on opportunities for benefit sharing and economic participation.
                         FY26 highlights:                                                  We also facilitated introductions with the LALCs through an early
                                                                                           contractor involvement process with a view to creating pathways
                         •   $3.7m contributed to the community through the                for future workforce participation and supply chain opportunities.
                             Origin Foundation
                         •   28% participation rate in our employee volunteering           C U L T U R A L H E R IT A GE
                             program, our highest to date
                                                                                           We work with Traditional Owner groups to identify and protect
                         •   6,474 hours in employee volunteering to                       cultural heritage in the areas where we operate, including
                             support communities                                           through field surveys and the development of cultural heritage
                         •   7,496 students helped through our employee                    management plans.
                             volunteering program
                                                                                           During FY26, 42 cultural heritage officers from Traditional Owner
                         •   $430k provided in matched workplace giving donations          groups spent the equivalent of more than 1,000 days scouting for
                             to Australian not-for-profits.                                cultural heritage and monitoring construction activities at Australia
                                                                                           Pacific LNG’s upstream operations.

                                                                                           We engaged with First Nations representatives to identify close
                                                                                           to 200 cultural heritage sites across the Yanco Delta project area
                                                                                           and worked with representatives from the Anaiwan and Dunghutti
                                                                                           peoples to assess the Northern Tablelands Wind Farm site.


                    1
                        See Glossary for definition.
                                                                                                                                                                   197
                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    4 Communities (continued)
                    RECON CI LIA TION                                                     We work with not-for-profits Supply Nation and the New South
                                                                                          Wales Indigenous Chamber of Commerce, to identify First Nations
                    We are committed to reconciliation and creating a culture             supply partners, and regularly engage with Traditional Owner
                    of respect and inclusion in our organisation and within the           groups, Indigenous suppliers, and major contractors to support
                    communities in which we operate. In our second Stretch                inclusive economic participation.
                    Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), our commitments include
                    increasing First Nations supplier diversity, building our cultural    In FY26, Origin spent $475 million directly and indirectly with
                    capability, and creating opportunities for First Nations people       regional suppliers,1 up from $404 million in FY25, supporting
                    through recruitment, retention, and professional development.         economic participation in the communities where we operate.
                                                                                          Our total direct and indirect spend with First Nations businesses1
                    We are also focused on supporting energy self-security and            was $21 million, up from $20 million in FY25, with around 50
                    decarbonisation for First Nations customers, communities and          First Nations businesses directly supplying goods and services
                    businesses. In FY26, this included providing solar panels to          to Origin.
                    QUAMPI Arts and Culture Centre on Quandamooka Country and
                    Goondir Health Services in the Western Downs in Queensland to         E N GA G IN G S U PP L I E RS AN D I N DU ST R Y




For personal use only
                    help reduce energy costs.                                             S T AK E H O L DE R S A T E R AR IN G
                    With the support of Reconciliation Australia, we have extended our    Origin is committed to engaging with Eraring’s supplier base
                    RAP to June 2027. This is to further strengthen cultural capability   on their plans to support workers as we transition towards the
                    across the organisation and embed enhanced governance                 eventual retirement of Eraring Power Station. We continued to
                    mechanisms that include First Nations voices in decision              engage with the Net Zero Economy Authority (NZEA), government
                    making, drive accountability and further deliver meaningful           agencies, unions and industry participants to maintain an open and
                    reconciliation outcomes.                                              constructive dialogue regarding the structure of Future Directions,
                                                                                          our employee transition program at Eraring (see Engaging and
                    4. 3 SUPPL Y CHAIN                                                    developing our people).

                    Our supply chain comprises the procurement of goods and               In March 2026, the NZEA applied to the Fair Work Commission
                    services, commodities such as electricity, gas, LPG, LNG, and         (FWC) to establish the Energy Industry Jobs Plan to support
                    coal, as well as the transportation of energy. While we have a        workers impacted by the closure of Eraring Power Station. The
                    global supply chain, most of our direct suppliers are organisations   application includes Origin Energy, Centennial Coal and 11 other
                    registered in Australia.                                              businesses in the supply chain and will progress in accordance
                                                                                          with the FWC’s process and timetable. We will continue to engage
                    We recognise that we can positively impact communities by
                                                                                          constructively through the FWC process, consistent with our
                    making considered choices about how we source goods and
                                                                                          obligations and our commitment to supporting our people and
                    services, and by working with our suppliers to improve our supply
                                                                                          local communities.
                    chain’s social and ethical footprint.

                    Origin operates retail businesses 1Bill, Solar Quotes and
                    MyConnect, and acquired energy retailers 1st Energy and Energy
                                                                                          5 Our people
                    Locals during FY26. These businesses have their own procurement
                                                                                          We strive to create a workplace where all our people feel included,
                    management systems and are not included in the disclosures on
                                                                                          respected and safe at work. We ask that everyone at Origin is
                    supply chain set out below.
                                                                                          mindful of health and safety risks, empowered to manage them,
                    HUMA N R IGHTS A ND MO D E R N S L A VE R Y                           and accountable for doing so.

                    We expect human rights to be respected in our operations, supply      5 . 1 SA FE TY , H E AL TH AN D WE L L B E I NG
                    chain and business relationships. Our approach is informed by
                    the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and            Origin has a strategy and framework to manage our HSSE risks.
                    is set out in our Human Rights Position Statement and Code            Our HSSE management system sets out the minimum expectations
                    of Conduct. Our Supplier Code sets out our expectation that           for managing these risks and impacts. It aligns with ISO 45001,
                    suppliers comply with all applicable laws and demonstrate their       for health and safety at work and ISO 45003, for managing
                    respect for, and protection of, fundamental labour rights and         psychosocial risks in the workplace.
                    human rights of workers.
                                                                                          Origin operates retail businesses 1Bill, Solar Quotes and
                    In FY26, we continued to work closely with direct and potential       MyConnect, and acquired energy retailers 1st Energy and Energy
                    suppliers of solar panels and related components, inverters and       Locals during FY26. These businesses have their own HSSE
                    batteries, in light of our recognition of the presence of modern      management systems and are not included in the information
                    slavery risk factors in some renewable energy equipment and           about safety and FY26 safety reporting set out below.
                    lower-emissions technologies. To date, our assessments have not
                    identified any confirmed modern slavery practices in our own          SA FE T Y
                    operations or direct supply chain.
                                                                                          Safety is fundamental to how we operate. We seek to prevent
                    For further details on our FY26 activities, see our 2026 Modern       serious harm by proactively identifying and managing risk,
                    Slavery Statement.                                                    learning from experience, and strengthening consultation and
                                                                                          safety leadership at every level. We focus on the controls that
                    REG I ONA L A ND FIRST NA TI O N S P R O C UR E M E N T               matter most and collaborate across our workforce to drive
                                                                                          continual improvement. Every person is empowered to stop
                    We support local, regional and First Nations businesses by
                                                                                          work if something doesn’t feel safe. We seek to minimise all
                    connecting them with procurement opportunities with Origin
                                                                                          identifiable HSSE risks through our hierarchy of controls and our
                    and our direct suppliers, and by integrating local, regional
                                                                                          field verification activities, assurance programs, and assessment of
                    and indigenous procurement commitments within our contracts.
                                                                                          the effectiveness of our critical controls.
                    1
                        See Glossary for definition.
   198
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                    5 Our people (continued)
                    Origin’s HSSE requirements are included in our Code of Conduct              Origin supports employee learning and development to keep
                    training. As part of our contracting processes, contractors must            pace with the evolving needs of the energy industry.
                    undertake an appropriate HSSE induction before starting work on             Development opportunities such as the Accelerate Talent Program
                    our sites, and we undertake reviews to evaluate our contractors’            are delivered through a combination of enterprise learning
                    safety performance and risks.                                               platforms, targeted programs and graduate and summer vacation
                                                                                                programs supporting early-career capability building, particularly in
                    We set clear HSSE expectations and engage with contractors
                                                                                                STEM-related disciplines.
                    to confirm, through structured assurance and verification, that
                    their HSSE management practices are robust, implemented                     SU PP O R T IN G O U R E MP L O Y E E S T H R O U G H
                    and effective in managing risks safely and in compliance
                                                                                                T H E T R AN SIT I O N
                    with requirements.
                                                                                                We are supporting our people through Eraring Power Station’s
                    FY2 6 P ER FOR MANC E                                                       transition and planned closure.

                                                                                                The Future Directions program is our onsite, dedicated support
                                                                  FY24    FY25      FY26




For personal use only
                                                                                                for Eraring employees. It focuses on three things: helping
                        Total Recordable Injury Frequency                                       people become future-ready (upskill/reskill), prioritising health and
                                                                    4.1      4.4       2.9
                        Rate (TRIFR)                                                            wellbeing, and providing clear, respectful communication and
                        Actual Serious (or above) Injuries           2         7            5   consultation. Following our announcement to extend Eraring’s
                        Process safety Tier 1 and                                               operations through to 2029, we expanded eligibility to include
                                                                     9         6          9
                        Tier 2 incidents                                                        those who commenced employment with Eraring from May 2024,
                                                                                                so more employees can access this support.
                    We have focused on safety across the business, with targeted                Each participating employee can access 1:1 career coaching and
                    injury improvement plans, and efforts to improve safety leadership          an Individual Support Plan (ISP) that maps their skills, goals and
                    and contractor management.                                                  the support needed to progress. We check in every six months, so
                    Our TRIFR reduced to 2.9, a 34 per cent improvement on our
                                  2
                                                                                                plans stay current as circumstances evolve.
                    FY25 outcome.                                                               Through ISPs, employees can access funded learning such as
                    In FY26, we replaced Actual Serious Incidents with Actual Serious           TAFE, university or trade training, Recognition of Prior Learning
                    Injuries as a key performance indicator, to better discern and
                              2
                                                                                                (RPL), and small business training. More than 600 training courses
                    report incidents involving a serious injury. We have seen a                 have been funded and around 230 RPLs have been completed
                    29 per cent reduction in Actual Serious Injuries in FY26, with the          since the program was implemented in 2022. Popular pathways
                    key causal factors of serious injuries being line-of-fire and slips,        include electrical specialisations, operator training, and small
                    trips and falls.                                                            business capability building.

                    We focus on keeping our equipment and facilities well designed,             We actively participate in industry bodies working to develop
                    safely operated, and properly maintained. Our equipment, facilities         skills for the energy transition, helping to align the retraining
                    and work practices are subject to detailed hazard identification and        pathways available through Future Directions with the skills
                    risk management processes, which are designed to prevent harm               and roles emerging across the region. In FY26, this included
                    to people, assets and the environment.                                      the Strategic Industry Advisory Body, which provides relevant
                                                                                                insights to the Powering Skills Organisation, established by the
                    Three Tier 1 Process Safety Incidents2 related to loss of                   Federal Government to address skills shortages and training in the
                    containment of gas or fluids in the LPG and Integrated Gas                  energy sector.
                    businesses. Six Tier 2 Process Safety Incidents2 were attributed to
                    electrical or instrument failures, and loss of containment of fluids.       We will continue to fund the completion of current apprenticeships
                                                                                                and traineeships at Eraring and will keep workforce arrangements
                    HEA LTH A ND WEL L B EI NG                                                  under review through established consultation channels.

                    Origin employees can access a range of services and resources               5 . 3 D I V E RS I TY A ND IN C LU S IO N
                    to help support their mental health and wellbeing, including
                    preventative health initiatives, confidential counselling, and peer         We seek to foster an inclusive culture and recognise the role
                    support services.                                                           this plays in having a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace
                                                                                                that supports high performance. Origin’s Diversity and Inclusion
                    Psychosocial safety is managed as part of our broader work health
                                                                                                Position Statement is available on our website.
                    and safety management approach. This includes managing risks
                    arising from factors such as harmful behaviours and exposure to
                                                                                                FI RS T NA T IO N S T AL E N T
                    traumatic events, workload, role clarity and organisational change.
                                                                                                We offer a range of employment pathways to attract and retain
                    Most Origin employees have undertaken psychosocial health and
                                                                                                First Nations talent, such as internships, apprenticeships, and
                    safety training, including how to identify and manage psychosocial
                                                                                                graduate opportunities. These are complemented by targeted,
                    hazards in the workplace, and what support is available to them.
                                                                                                equity-based initiatives to address underrepresentation, including
                                                                                                Indigenous leadership programs introduced in FY26 to grow First
                    5. 2 ENG AGING AND DE V E L O P I N G O U R P E O P L E
                                                                                                Nations talent at Origin.
                    We continuously review employee engagement using Officevibe,                During FY26, we recruited 25 First Nations people into roles across
                    an online listening platform that facilitates in-the-moment                 the business, with 109 First Nations employees as at 30 June
                    feedback. Our engagement score2 of 7.5 out of 10 in FY26                    2026, against our internal target of 125. We also supported seven
                    showed modest improvement from FY25 and reflects continued                  First Nations apprentices to take up roles at our sites.
                    organisational change and changes to working arrangements. We
                    remain focused on fostering a connected and engaged workforce.

                    2
                        See Glossary for definition.
                                                                                                                                                                        199
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report




                    5 Our people (continued)
                    Origin has established policies and frameworks to help support                        We set stretching targets for senior female appointments rate,
                    a culturally safe and supportive workplace for First Nations                          which was 32.9 per cent, below our target of 50 per cent
                    employees, including through our Indigenous Employee Network.                         and down from 37.8 per cent in FY25, highlighting an
                    We also look for opportunities for our employees to build cultural                    area that requires ongoing focus to progress Origin’s gender
                    capability and enhance their understanding of First Nations                           representation objectives.
                    cultures, for example through cultural awareness training.
                                                                                                          FY 2 7 G E N DE R DI VE R SIT Y T A R G E T S
                    G EN DER DIV ERSITY
                                                                                                          For FY27, Origin's gender diversity targets are to:
                    The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee under                                  •   reduce Origin's mean total remuneration GPG from
                    delegation of the Board, is responsible for overseeing Origin's                           17.2 per cent to 16.5 per cent;
                    strategies and performance on gender diversity, including
                                                                                                          •   maintain a minimum of 40 per cent female representation in
                    monitoring the performance and effectiveness of initiatives to
                                                                                                              two leadership cohorts (Board and CEO-2) and achieve equal
                    improve diversity, in particular from the twin perspectives of
                                                                                                              to or greater than 40 per cent representation in ELT and Senior
                    gender balance and gender pay equity.




For personal use only
                                                                                                              Leaders; and
                    Gender balance at Origin                                                              •   achieve a female representation of 37.8 per cent across Origin
                                                                                                              overall (from 37.3 per cent).
                    Origin’s gender balance is summarised in the table below.

                    Female representation within Origin

                                        Board          ELT         CEO-2         Senior       Origin
                                                                                Leaders       Group
                        Females         40.0%         33.3%         44.7%        39.7%            37.3%
                        Males           60.0%         66.7%         55.3%        59.3%            61.9%
                        Undisclosed                                               1.0%            0.8%


                    Notes
                    •    Board includes Executive and Non-executive Directors (NEDs).
                    •    ELT is the Executive Leadership Team. This is taken to be CEO
                         and his direct reports.
                    •    CEO-2 includes roles directly reporting to the members of the
                         ELT (other than the CEO).
                    •    Senior Leaders refers to those who are three reporting levels
                         below CEO (CEO-3) with a minimum fixed remuneration of
                         approximately $245,000 per annum for FY26.
                    •    Origin Group includes all Origin employees.
                    •    Composition of entities that make up Origin’s group structure
                         change over time. Performance disclosure is based on entities
                         and employees as at 30 June 2026.

                    P ERFOR MA NCE AGAIN ST F Y 2 6 G E N D E R
                    D IV ERSI TY TARGET S
                    Origin continued to make progress on gender equity in FY26. The
                    Gender Pay Gap (GPG) reduced from 17.4 per cent to 17.2 per cent
                                         1




                    mean total remuneration across the Group, however, this result did
                    not meet our target GPG of 16.4 per cent.

                    The Equal Pay Gap1 remained within our targeted threshold range
                    of +/- 1 per cent, achieving 0.3 per cent.
                                                                       2




                    Women’s representation in leadership remained a focus in FY26.
                    Senior Leadership representation increased from 38.3 per cent to
                    39.7 per cent, however, this was below our target of 42 per cent.
                    ELT representation remained stable. Representation at CEO-2
                    and Board levels did decrease slightly to 44.7 per cent and
                    40.0 per cent respectively; however, both remained at or above
                    Origin’s 40:40 gender balance target.

                    Retention of senior women increased significantly during the year,
                    from 74.5 per cent to 85.2 per cent, however, this was below our
                    target of 89 per cent. Retention of senior women was two per cent
                    lower than that of senior males, which was below our target of no
                    lower than parity.

                    1
                        See Glossary for definition.
                    2
                        This target is set and measured for Origin entities over 200 employees.
  200
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                    6 About our reporting
                    MA T ERIAL TOPICS
                    Our ESG Report is informed by an annual materiality assessment of sustainability-related risks and opportunities associated with our
                    operations and projects, considering impacts on the environment, communities, our people, and the business. This assessment draws on
                    our risk management framework, peer benchmarking and the views of key stakeholders – including shareholders, customers, communities,
                    suppliers, government and our people.

                    RE PORTING FRAM E WO RK S
                    In determining material topics and related disclosures, Origin also references voluntary sustainability frameworks and standards, including
                    the SASB Electric Utilities & Power Generators Standard and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).

                    UNI T ED NATIO NS S US T AI N A B L E D EV E L O P ME NT G O A L S
                    Our policies and actions contribute to several of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). We have mapped these
                    below and outlined our supporting actions on our website.




For personal use only
                                                     PLANET                   CUSTOMERS                   COMMUNITIES                        OUR PEOPLE
                        Material topics   Climate and the             Energy affordability          Impacts to communities            Health and safety
                                          energy transition           and supporting
                                                                      vulnerable customers          > Communities                     > Safety, health
                                          > Sustainability Report                                                                     and wellbeing
                                                                      > Customers

                                          _________________________   _________________________     _________________________         _________________________
                                          Air emissions               Customer service              Rights and cultural heritage of   Engaging and developing our
                                                                                                    Indigenous people                 people through the transition
                                          > Air emissions             > Operating and Financial
                                                                      Review – Energy Markets       > First Nations engagement        > Engaging and developing
                                                                                                                                      our people


                                          _________________________   _________________________     _________________________         _________________________
                                          Biodiversity and            Energy reliability            Responsible supply chain          Diversity and inclusion
                                          ecosystem services
                                                                      > Operating and Financial     > Supply chain                    > Diversity and inclusion
                                          > Biodiversity              Review – Our strategy

                                                                      > Operating and Financial
                                                                      Review – Review of
                                          _________________________   segment operations


                                          Water management

                                          > Water

                                          _________________________
                                          Waste management and
                                          resource efficiency

                                          > Waste


                        Contributions
                        to the UN SDGs




                                                                                                                                                                      201
                                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report




                    7 Key stakeholder measures
                    Performance across a range of key stakeholder measures is summarised in the table below, and considered important to long-term
                    enterprise and shareholder value.

                        Description                                                                                                                         FY26            FY25           FY24
                        Planet
                        Scope 1 emissions, equity basis (kt CO2-e)                                                                                         14,921         16,049          15,786
                        Scope 2 emissions, equity basis (kt CO2-e)                                                                                            802             861            808
                        Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions intensity, equity basis (t CO2-e/TJ)                                                                   55              57                58
                        Generation (owned and contracted) Scope 1 and 3 emissions intensity,
                        operational control basis (t CO2-e/MWh)                                                                                              0.74            0.74            0.76
                        Integrated Gas Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity, operational control basis (t CO2-e/TJ)                                             4.47            4.53            4.57
                        Serious Environmental Incidents(1),(2)                                                                                                   0               0                 0




For personal use only
                        Fugitive emissions (flaring, leaks and venting) (kt CO2-e)                                                                            290             246             269
                        Ash reused at Eraring (%)                                                                                                               77              61                43
                        Air emissions (NOx, SO2, VOC, PM10) (tonnes)(2)                                                                                    58,621         62,750          63,693
                        Customers
                        Total customer accounts (electricity, gas, LPG and internet) ('000)                                                                 4,937          4,695            4,591
                        Customer accounts receiving hardship and financial support services ('000)                                                             110             82                 98
                        Customer Happiness Index (%)(1)                                                                                                       72.7           69.4             69.1
                        Digital interactions (%)(1)                                                                                                            80               77                74
                        Reputation (RepTrak score)(1)                                                                                                         71.6           67.8            65.9
                        Communities
                        Community complaints received                                                                                                           16               7                 7
                        Landholder complaints received                                                                                                          42             22                 31
                        Regional procurement spend (direct and indirect) ($m)(1),(2)                                                                          475            404              428
                        First Nations supplier spend (direct and indirect) ($m)(1),(2)                                                                       20.9            20.3             21.6
                        Community contributions through the Origin Foundation ($m)(1)                                                                          3.7             4.1                3.8
                        Employee volunteering through the Origin Foundation (hours)(3)                                                                      6,474           9,527          8,700
                        Our people
                        Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)(1),(2)                                                                                  2.9             4.4                4.1
                        Actual Serious (or above) Injuries(1),(2)                                                                                                5               7                 2
                        Process safety Tier 1 and Tier 2 incidents(1),(2)                                                                                        9               6                 9
                        Employee engagement score (#)(1)                                                                                                       7.5             7.4                7.7
                        Female representation in senior roles (%)
                          Board                                                                                                                              40.0            44.4            44.4
                          Executive Leadership Team                                                                                                          33.3            33.3            30.0
                          CEO-2                                                                                                                              44.7             47.1          40.0
                          Senior Leaders                                                                                                                      39.7           38.3            44.2
                        Indigenous representation (number self-identified)                                                                                    109             103                 96
                        Reported incidents of bribery or corruption                                                                                              0               0                 0

                    (1) See Glossary for definition.
                    (2) Origin operates retail businesses 1Bill, Solar Quotes and MyConnect, and acquired energy retailers 1st Energy and Energy Locals during FY26. These businesses have
                        their own HSSE and procurement management systems and are not included in this data.
                    (3) The reduction in volunteer hours in FY26 reflects the introduction of less time intensive volunteering opportunities. Total participation was 28 per cent of employees,
                        reflecting our highest volunteer participation to date.




  202
                    Share and Shareholder Information




                    Share and Shareholder Information


                    The information set out below was applicable as at 27 July 2026.

                    SUB STANTIA L SHA RE H OLD ER S
                    As at 27 July 2026, the Company received notice of three substantial holders:

                                                                                                     Date notice             Number of             Percentage of
                        Shareholder                                                                    received         shares in notice         capital in notice
                        Vanguard Group                                                                1 May 2026              120,628,323                 7.002%
                        AustralianSuper Pty Ltd                                                     11 March 2026             265,282,661                  15.40%
                        State Street Corporation                                                8 December 2025               122,355,600                   7.10%


                    NUMB ER O F EQUIT Y SE CU R I T I E S H O L D E R S A ND V O T I N G R I G H T S




For personal use only
                    As at 27 July 2026 there were:
                    •    123,859 holders of 1,722,747,671 ordinary shares in the Company;
                    •    81 holders of 2,106,923 Performance Share Rights, 88 holders of 2,853,566 Restricted Share Rights; and
                    •    1,676 holders of 963,031 Matching Share Rights.

                    Only ordinary shares of the Company are quoted. Only holders of ordinary shares are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of members.

                    V OT I NG RIG HTS O F M EM B E R S
                    At a meeting of members, each member who is entitled to attend and vote may attend and vote in person or by proxy, attorney or
                    representative. On a show of hands, every person present who is a member, proxy, attorney or representative, shall have one vote; and on
                    a poll, every member who is present in person or by proxy, attorney or representative shall have one vote for each fully paid ordinary share
                    held. No other equity securities hold voting rights.

                    A NA LYSIS OF HOLDI N G S
                    Fully paid ordinary shares

                                                                                       Holdings Ranges              Holders       Total shares                  %
                                                                                                 1-1,000             62,059        23,076,506                 1.34
                                                                                             1,001-5,000             44,701       108,696,947                 6.31
                                                                                            5,001-10,000             10,488         74,874,991               4.35
                                                                                         10,001-100,000               6,450        133,763,217                7.76
                                                                                   100,001-999,999,999                  161      1,382,336,010              80.24
                                                                                                   Totals           123,859      1,722,747,671            100.00


                    Performance Rights

                                                                                       Holdings Ranges              Holders       Total rights                  %
                                                                                                 1-1,000                 0                  0                0.00
                                                                                             1,001-5,000                  8            29,648                 1.41
                                                                                            5,001-10,000                 17           128,579                6.10
                                                                                         10,001-100,000                 49            844,472               40.08
                                                                                   100,001-999,999,999                    7          1,104,224              52.41
                                                                                                   Totals                81         2,106,923             100.00


                    Restricted Rights

                                                                                       Holdings Ranges              Holders       Total rights                  %
                                                                                                 1-1,000                 0                  0                0.00
                                                                                             1,001-5,000                  7            24,785                0.87
                                                                                            5,001-10,000                25             191,610                6.71
                                                                                         10,001-100,000                  47           960,268               33.65
                                                                                   100,001-999,999,999                    9         1,676,903               58.77
                                                                                                   Totals               88          2,853,566             100.00




                                                                                                                                                                     203
                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report




                    Matching Share Plan Rights

                                                                                        Holdings Ranges         Holders        Total rights                   %
                                                                                                  1-1,000           1,676          963,031            100.00
                                                                                              1,001-5,000              0                 0              0.00
                                                                                            5,001-10,000               0                 0              0.00
                                                                                          10,001-100,000               0                 0              0.00
                                                                                    100,001-999,999,999                0                 0              0.00
                                                                                                    Totals         1,676          963,031             100.00


                    UNMA RKETA BLE P AR CE LS
                    4,993 shareholders held less than a marketable parcel as at 27 July 2026.




For personal use only
                    TO P 20 HO LDINGS

                                                                                                                                  Number                % of
                        Shareholder                                                                                              of shares     issued shares
                        J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                             470,994,292               27.34
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                              457,169,756             26.54
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                          210,140,513              12.20
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                       58,133,085               3.37
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                53,638,854                3.11
                        ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                13,906,481               0.81
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                  12,535,429               0.73
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                             11,779,764              0.68
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                  11,160,413              0.65
                        PILLAR CUSTODIAL SERVICES PTY LTD                                                                        7,130,450               0.41
                        NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                        6,532,458               0.38
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <143212 NMMT LTD A/C>                                                     5,063,042                0.29
                        PILLAR CUSTODIAL SERVICES PTY LTD                                                                       5,006,649                0.29
                        MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                     4,871,090               0.28
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                4,070,738               0.24
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                                                3,343,656               0.19
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <COWEN AND CO LLC>                                                          3,268,294               0.19
                        NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                       2,266,779               0.13
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <GLOBAL MARKETS>                                                                 1,896,194               0.11
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                                       1,624,952              0.09


                    SEC URITIES EXCHAN G E L I S T I N G
                    Origin shares are traded on the Australian Securities Exchange Limited (ASX). The symbol under which Origin shares are traded is ‘ORG’.

                    ESC ROWED SECURI T I ES
                    There are no securities subject to voluntary escrow as at the date of this Report.

                    ON -MA RKET BUY- B AC K
                    There is no current on-market buy-back of Origin shares.

                    ON -MA RKET PURCHA SE S F O R E M P L O Y E E E Q U I T Y P L A N S
                    During the reporting period, 4,000,000 Origin shares were purchased on-market for the purpose of Origin’s employee incentive plans.
                    The average price per share purchased was $11.64.

                    SH A REHOL DER EN Q UI RI E S
                    For information about your shareholding, to notify a change of address, to make changes to your dividend payment instructions or for
                    any other shareholder enquiries, you should contact Origin Energy’s share registry, Boardroom Pty Ltd on 1300 664 446. Please note that
                    broker-sponsored holders are required to contact their broker to amend their address.

                    When contacting the share registry, shareholders should quote their security holder reference number, which can be found on the
                    holding statements.


  204
                    Share and Shareholder Information




                    Shareholders with internet access can update and obtain information regarding their shareholding online at www.originenergy.com.au/
                    about/investors-media

                    TA X FIL E NUMBER
                    For resident shareholders who have not provided the share registry with their Tax File Number (TFN) or exemption category details, tax
                    at the top marginal tax rate (plus Medicare levy) will be deducted from dividends to the extent they are not fully franked. For those
                    shareholders who have not provided their TFN or exemption category details, forms are available from the share registry. Shareholders are
                    not obliged to provide this information if they do not wish to do so.

                    Information on Origin
                    The main source of information for shareholders is the Annual Report. The Annual Report will be provided to shareholders on request and
                    free of charge. Shareholders not wishing to receive the Annual Report should advise the share registry in writing so that their names can be
                    removed from the mailing list. Origin’s website (www.originenergy.com.au) is another source of information for shareholders.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                                                                   205
For personal use only
                    Exploration and Production Permits and Data




                    Exploration and Production Permits and Data


                    1 Origin's Australian interests
                    Origin held interests in the following permits at 30 June 2026.

                        Basin/Project Area           Interest          Basin/Project Area           Interest         Basin/Project Area         Interest



                        QUEENSLAND                                     Q UE ENS L AN D ( CO N TI N UE D )            Q U E E N SL AN D ( C ON TI NU ED )
                        Surat-Bowen basins                             Pipelines and Shared Facilities
                                                                                                                     Boree North
                        Angry Jungle                                   PFL 20                     27.50%        1
                                                                                                                     EPM 27973                  100.00%     *
                        ATP 631; PLs 281 and 282     4.98%         1   PPLs 162 and 163           27.50%       *1

                        PPL 2079                     27.50%       *1                                                 WE ST E RN A US TR AL I A
                                                                       Ironbark

                        Carinya and Ramyard                            PL 1106 (Deeps)            6.88%        *1    Browse Basin




For personal use only
                        ATP 972; PL 469, 470,        25.50%       *1   PL 1106 (Shallows)         27.50%       *1    WA-90-R,WA-92-R            40.00%
                        471, and PLA 1133
                        ATP 973                      27.50%       *1   Kenya/Kenya East/Bellevue and Anya           Notes:
                                                                       PL 247                     8.08%         1   * Operatorship
                                                                                                                    1 Interest held through 27.5 per cent
                        Combabula/Reedy Creek/Peat and                 PFL 19                     8.59%         1
                        Taroom East
                                                                                                                    ownership of Australia Pacific LNG
                                                                       PL 1025                    8.59%         1   Joint Venture
                        ATP 2047                     13.75%        1   PLs 257, 273, 274, 275,    8.59%         1
                        ATP 606; PLs 297, 403,       25.50%       *1   278, 279, 442, 466, 474
                        404, 405, 406, 407, 408,                       and 503 (Shallows)
                        412 and 413; PLA 444                           PLs 179, 180, 228, 229     11.17%        1
                        PL 101                       27.50%       *1   and 263
                        PPL 178                      27.50%       *1   PPLs 107, 176, 2014        11.17%        1
                                                                       and 2063
                        Condabri
                        PLs 265, 266, 267, 1011      27.50%       *1   Membrance and Lonesome
                        and 1018                                       ATP 804                    8.06%         1
                        PPLs 177, 185, 186, 2000,    27.50%       *1   PLs 219 and 220            27.50%       *1
                        2059, and 2077
                                                                       Spring Gully
                        Denison Trough                                 ATP 592; PLs 195, 268,     25.99%       *1
                        ATP 1191; PLs 450, 451,      13.75%        1   414, 415, 416, 417, 418
                        457 and 1012; PLA                              and 419
                        1062; and PLs 1082                             PL 200                     26.32%       *1
                        and 1083 (Mahalo block
                        deeps only)                                    PL 204                     27.42%       *1

                        PLs 43, 44, 45, 183 and      13.75%        1   PPL 143, 180 and 2026      27.50%       *1
                        218 (Deeps); PLAs 1116,
                        1153 , 1154, 1155, 1156                        Talinga/Orana/Murrungama
                                                                       PLs 215, 216, 225, 226,    27.50%       *1
                        Fairview and Arcadia                           272 and 1084
                        ATPs 745; PLs 420, 421       6.56%         1   PFL 26                     27.50%       *1
                        and 440                                        PPLs 171, 181 and 2032     27.50%       *1
                        PL 1059                      6.56%         1
                        ATPs 2012; PLs 90, 91, 92, 6.58%           1
                        99, 100, 232, 233, 234,
                        235, 236 and 1017




                                                                                                                                                                207
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report




                    Annual Reserves Report
                    FO R THE YE AR ENDE D 30 J U NE 2 0 26



                    1 Reserves and resources
                    This Annual Reserves Report provides an update on the reserves and resources of Origin Energy Limited (Origin) and its share of Australia
                    Pacific LNG Pty Limited (APLNG), as at 30 June 2026.

                    1 .1 H IGHLIG HTS

                    APLNG (Origin 27.5 per cent share)

                    •    Origin’s share of 2P reserves increased 3 per cent or 91 PJ before production and decreased by 92 PJ after production to 2,645 PJ
                         as at 30 June 2026. The increase before production was driven by upward revisions and reclassifications in Asset West, including
                         higher recovery estimates in the undeveloped areas of the Combabula field, as well as heating value adjustments across all operated
                         fields. This improvement resulted in a 50 per cent 2P (proved plus probable) reserves replacement in operated and non-operated areas
                         during FY26.
                    •    Operated 2P reserves replacement for the period was 61 per cent, and 70 per cent cumulatively since June 2017.
                    •    A detailed breakdown of movements in Origin’s share of APLNG 2P reserves is as follows:




For personal use only
                         – 90 PJ upward revision of operated 2P reserves before production;
                         – 1 PJ increase in non-operated 2P reserves before production; and
                         – 184 PJ of production.
                    •    Developed 2P reserves accounted for 60 per cent of total 2P reserves as at 30 June 2026.
                    •    Origin’s share of 1P (proved) reserves increased 6 per cent or 95 PJ before production driven by performance in Asset East producing
                         fields and drilling activity in some non-operated fields. 1P reserves represented 57 per cent of total 3P (proved plus probable plus
                         possible) reserves as at 30 June 2026.

                    1 .2 2P RESERVES (O RI GI N S HA R E )

                    2P reserves increased by 91 PJ or 3 per cent before production and decreased by 92 PJ after production to a total of 2,645 PJ, compared
                    to 30 June 2025.

                    Origin 2P reserves by area

                                                                        2P      Acquisition/ New booking/          Revisions/                               2P
                        (PJ)                                  30 June 2025       divestment     discovery          extensions      Production     30 June 2026
                        Operated Assets                                2,348                -                -             90             (149)            2,290
                        – Asset East                                     878                -                -             (41)            (73)                763
                        – Asset West                                    1,471               -                -             131             (75)            1,527


                        Non-Operated Assets                              389                -                -               1             (35)                356
                        Total 2P                                       2,737                -                -              91            (184)            2,645


                    •    Summary of 2P reserves movement - key changes include:
                         – 184 PJ decrease due to production;
                         – 90 PJ increase largely driven by upward revisions and reclassifications in Asset West, including higher recovery estimates in the
                           undeveloped areas of the Combabula field, as well as heating value adjustments across operated fields; and
                         – 1 PJ increase in non-operated areas driven by minor revisions to field recovery estimates.
                    •    As at 30 June 2026, developed 2P reserves represented 60 per cent of total 2P reserves.
                    •    As at 30 June 2026, 100 per cent of Origin’s share of 2P reserves are unconventional gas located in the Surat and Bowen Basins.

                    Origin 2P reserves by development type

                                                                                                      Total 2P                                         Total 2P
                                                                                                                                                       30 June
                                                                  Developed     Undeveloped 30 June 2025            Developed     Undeveloped
                        (PJ)                                                                                                                             2026
                        Operated Assets                                 1,437             912            2,348            1,334             955            2,290
                        – Asset East                                      624             254              878              591             172                763
                        – Asset West                                      813             657             1,471            744              783            1,527


                        Non-Operated Assets                               253             136              389             264               92                356
                        Total 2P                                        1,689           1,048            2,737            1,598           1,047            2,645




  208
                    Annual Reserves Report




                    1 Reserves and resources (continued)
                    1 .3 1 P RE SERVES ( ORI G I N S HA R E )

                    1P reserves increased by 95 PJ or 6 per cent before production and decreased by 89 PJ after production to 1,622 PJ, compared to
                    30 June 2025.

                    As at 30 June 2026, developed 1P reserves represented 94 per cent of total 1P reserves. The remaining 6 per cent of 1P reserves
                    represents wells that have been spudded but not connected or planned wells that are immediately adjacent to drilled wells. 100 per cent
                    of 1P reserves are unconventional gas located in the Surat and Bowen Basins.

                    Origin 1P reserves by area

                                                                       1P    Acquisition/ New booking/         Revisions/                                1P
                        (PJ)                                 30 June 2025     divestment     discovery         extensions      Production      30 June 2026
                        Operated Assets                              1,419               -                -             66             (149)           1,336




For personal use only
                        – Asset East                                  590                -                -             71              (73)            587
                        – Asset West                                  829                -                -             (5)             (75)            749


                        Non-Operated Assets                           293                -                -             28             (35)             286
                        Total 1P                                     1,712               -                -             95            (184)            1,622

                    Origin 1P reserves by development type

                                                                                                   Total 1P                                         Total 1P
                        (PJ)                                   Developed     Undeveloped 30 June 2025           Developed     Undeveloped 30 June 2026
                        Operated Assets                             1,384              34             1,419           1,287              49            1,336
                        – Asset East                                  588                2             590             570                17            587
                        – Asset West                                  796               33             829              717              32             749


                        Non-Operated Assets                           230               63             293             234               52             286
                        Total 1P                                     1,614              97            1,712           1,522             101            1,622




                                                                                                                                                               209
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                    Appendix A: APLNG reserves and resources
                    Origin, as APLNG upstream operator, has prepared estimates of the reserves and resources held by APLNG for operated assets detailed in
                    this report.

                    Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI) has independently assessed and prepared a consolidated report of the reserves and resources
                    held by APLNG for certain non-operated assets.

                    The tables below provide 1P, 2P and 3P reserves and 2C resources for APLNG (100 per cent) and Origin’s 27.5 per cent interest in these
                    APLNG (operated and non-operated) reserves and resources.

                    Reserves and resources held by APLNG (100 per cent share)

                                                                                                         New
                                                                                 Acquisition/       booking/        Revisions/
                        Reserves/resource classification          30-6-2025       divestment        discovery       extensions     Production       30-6-2026
                        1P (proven)                                     6,224               -               -             344            (668)           5,900




For personal use only
                        2P (proven plus probable)                       9,954               -               -             332            (668)            9,619
                        3P (proven plus probable plus possible)        10,892               -               -               51           (668)           10,274
                        2C (best estimate contingent resource)          3,858               -               -            (444)              -             3,415

                    Reserves and resources held by Origin (27.5 per cent in APLNG)

                                                                                                          New
                                                                                  Acquisition/       booking/        Revisions/
                        Reserves/resource classification          30-6-2025        divestment        discovery       extensions    Production       30-6-2026
                        1P (proven)                                      1,712                  -               -           95            (184)           1,622
                        2P (proven plus probable)                        2,737                  -               -            91           (184)          2,645
                        3P (proven plus probable plus possible)         2,995                   -               -            14           (184)           2,825
                        2C (best estimate contingent resource)           1,061                  -               -          (122)                -          939


                    See details above for movements in 1P and 2P reserves.

                    The 444 PJ decrease in APLNG (100 per cent share) 2C resources is due to various operated resource revisions associated with updated
                    recovery assumptions across several fields.




  210
                    Annual Reserves Report




                    Appendix B: Notes relating to this report
                    a. Methodology regarding reserves                           in the market through oil price-linked                    e. Rounding
                       and resources                                            LNG contracts.
                                                                                                                                          Information on reserves is quoted in this
                                                                                c. Reversionary rights
                    The reserves report has been prepared                                                                                 report rounded to the nearest whole
                    to be consistent with the Petroleum                         The CSG interests that APLNG acquired                     number. Some totals in tables in this report
                    Resources Management System (PRMS)                          from Tri-Star in 2002 are subject to                      may not add due to rounding. Items that
                    2018 published by the Society of                            reversionary rights. If triggered, these                  round to zero are represented by the
                    Petroleum Engineers (SPE). This document                    rights will require APLNG to transfer                     number 0, while items that are actually zero
                    may be downloaded from the SPE                              back to Tri-Star a 45 per cent interest                   are represented with a dash "-".
                    website: https://www.spe.org/en/industry/                   in those CSG interests for no additional                  f. Abbreviations
                    reserves/. Additionally, this reserves report               consideration. Origin has assessed the
                    has been prepared to be consistent with                     potential impact of these reversionary                      bbl       barrel
                    the ASX reporting guidelines. For all assets,               rights, based on economic tests consistent
                                                                                                                                            Tscf      trillion standard cubic feet
                    Origin reports reserves and resources                       with the reserves and resources referable
                    consistent with SPE guidelines as follows:                  to the CSG interests, and based on                          CSG       coal seam gas




For personal use only
                    proved reserves (1P); proved plus probable                  that assessment does not consider that                      kbbls     kilo barrels = 1,000 barrels
                    reserves (2P); proved plus probable plus                    the existence of these reversionary rights                  ktonnes   kilo tonnes = 1,000 tonnes
                    possible reserves (3P) and best estimate                    impacts the reserves and resources quoted
                                                                                                                                            mmboe     million barrels of oil equivalent
                    contingent resource (2C). Reserves must                     in this report. Tri-Star has commenced
                    be discovered, recoverable, commercial                      proceedings against APLNG claiming that                     PJ        petajoule = 1 x 1015 joules
                    and remaining.                                              reversion has occurred. APLNG denies that                   PJe       petajoule equivalent
                                                                                reversion has occurred and is defending
                    The CSG reserves and resources held
                                                                                the claim.1                                               g. Conversion factors for PJe
                    within APLNG’s properties have either
                    been independently prepared by NSAI                         d. Information regarding the preparation of
                    or prepared by Origin. The reserves and                        this reserves report                                     CSG       1.047 - 1.063 PJ/Bscf
                    resources estimates contained in this report                The CSG reserves and resources held
                    have been prepared in accordance with                                                                                 h. Reference point
                                                                                within the majority of APLNG’s non-
                    the standards, definitions and guidelines                   operated properties have been prepared                    Reference points for Origin’s petroleum
                    contained within the PRMS and generally                     by NSAI and the CSG reserves and                          reserves and contingent resources are
                    accepted petroleum engineering and                          resources held within APLNG’s operated                    defined points within Origin’s operations
                    evaluation principles as set out in the SPE                 and remaining non-operated properties                     where normal exploration and production
                    Reserves Auditing Standards.                                have been prepared by Origin.                             business ceases, and quantities of the
                    Origin does not intend to report                                                                                      produced product are measured under
                                                                                The statements in this report relating to
                    prospective or undiscovered resources as                                                                              defined conditions prior to custody
                                                                                reserves and resources as at 30 June
                    defined by the SPE in any of its areas of                                                                             transfer. Fuel, flare and vent consumed to
                                                                                2026 for APLNG’s interests in certain non-
                    interest on an ongoing basis.                                                                                         the reference points are excluded.
                                                                                operated assets are based on information
                    b. Economic test for reserves                               in the NSAI report dated 31 July 2026.                    i. Preparing and aggregating
                                                                                The data has been compiled by Mr                             petroleum resources
                    The assessment of reserves requires a
                                                                                Joseph Wolfe, a full-time employee of
                    commercial test to establish that reserves                                                                            Petroleum reserves and contingent
                                                                                NSAI. Mr Wolfe has consented to the
                    can be economically recovered. Within the                                                                             resources are typically prepared by
                                                                                statements based on this information and
                    commercial test, operating cost and capital                                                                           deterministic methods with support from
                                                                                to the form and context in which these
                    cost estimates are combined with fiscal                                                                               probabilistic methods. Petroleum reserves
                                                                                statements appear.
                    regimes and product pricing to confirm                                                                                and contingent resources are aggregated
                    the economic viability of producing                         The statements in this report relating to                 by arithmetic summation by category and
                    the reserves.                                               reserves and resources for other assets are               as a result, proved reserves may be a
                                                                                based on, and fairly represent, information               conservative estimate due to the portfolio
                    Gas reserves are assessed against existing                                                                            effects of the arithmetic summation.
                                                                                and supporting documentation prepared
                    contractual arrangements and local market                                                                             Proved plus probable plus possible may
                                                                                by, or under the supervision of qualified
                    conditions, as appropriate. In the case                                                                               be an optimistic estimate due to the same
                                                                                petroleum reserves and resource evaluators
                    of gas reserves where contracts are not                                                                               aforementioned reasons.
                                                                                who are employees of Origin.
                    in place, a forward price scenario based
                                                                                                                                          j. Methodology and internal controls
                    on monetisation of the reserves through                     This reserves report as a whole has been
                    domestic markets has been used, including                   approved by Ms Breezi Province, Chief                     The reserves estimates undergo an
                    power generation opportunities, direct                      Reservoir Engineer and full-time employee                 assurance process to ensure that they
                    sales to LNG and other end users, and                       of Origin. Ms Breezi Province, who is a                   are technically reasonable given the
                    utilisation of Origin’s wholesale and retail                qualified petroleum reserves and resources                available data and have been prepared
                    channels to market.                                         evaluator and a member of the Society                     according to our reserves and resources
                                                                                of Petroleum Engineers, has consented                     process, which includes adherence to
                    For CSG reserves that are intended
                                                                                to the form and context in which these                    the PRMS Guidelines. The assurance
                    to supply the APLNG CSG to LNG
                                                                                statements appear.                                        process includes peer reviews of the
                    project, the economic test is based on a
                                                                                                                                          technical and commercial assumptions.
                    weighted average price across domestic,
                                                                                                                                          The annual reserves report is reviewed
                    spot and LNG contracts, less short run
                                                                                                                                          by management with the appropriate
                    marginal costs for downstream transport
                                                                                                                                          technical expertise, including Integrated
                    and processing. This price is exposed to
                                                                                                                                          Gas General Managers.
                    changes in the supply/demand balance

                    1
                        Refer to Section 7 of the Operating and Financial Review released to the ASX on 13 August 2026 for further information.
                                                                                                                                                                                          211
For personal use only
                    Five-year Financial History




                    Five-year Financial History


                    A reconciliation between statutory and underlying profit measures can be found in note A.1 of the Origin Consolidated
                    Financial Statements.

                                                                                    2026(1)          2025(1)          2024(1)          2023(1)          2022(1)
                        Income statement ($m)
                        Total external revenue                                     15,569           17,224            16,138           16,481          14,461
                        Underlying:
                        EBITDA                                                      3,220             3,411           3,528            3,107             2,114
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                        (579)            (478)            (521)            (527)            (449)
                        Share of interest, tax, depreciation and
                        amortisation of equity accounted investees(2)              (1,038)          (1,038)          (1,066)           (1,163)          (1,138)
                        EBIT                                                        1,603            1,895             1,941            1,417             527




For personal use only
                        Net financing costs                                          (160)            (130)            (123)            (134)            (126)
                        Income tax benefit/(expense)                                 (284)            (276)            (635)            (533)               10
                        Non-controlling interests                                        -                1                -              (3)              (4)
                        Segment result and underlying
                        consolidated profit                                          1,159           1,490             1,183             747              407
                        Impact of items excluded from segment result
                        and underlying consolidated profit net of tax                 415               (9)             214              308           (1,836)
                        Statutory:
                        Profit/(loss) attributable to members of the
                        parent entity                                                1,574            1,481           1,397            1,055           (1,429)
                        Statement of financial position ($m)
                        Total assets                                               20,779          20,989            20,454           18,948          24,020
                        Net debt/(cash)                                             4,873            4,755            2,829            2,888            2,818
                        Shareholders' equity - members/parent
                        entity interest                                             10,135           9,920            9,489            8,891            9,997
                        Adjusted net debt/(cash)(3)                                 4,852            4,654            2,833            2,877            2,838
                        Shareholders' equity - total                               10,134            9,919            9,489             8,911          10,022
                        Cash flow
                        Net cash from operating and investing activities -
                        total operations ($m)                                       1,854            (445)            1,098              585            3,363
                        Key ratios
                        Statutory basic earnings per share (cents)                    91.5            86.2              81.1             61.3           (81.5)
                        Underlying basic earnings per share (cents)                  67.4             86.7             68.7             43.4             23.2
                        Total dividend per share (cents)(4)                          60.0             60.0             55.0             36.5             29.0
                        Underlying EBITDA by segment ($m)
                        Energy Markets                                               1,701           1,404            1,655            1,038              401
                        Share of Octopus Energy                                        (8)             (88)              55              240              (36)
                        Integrated Gas                                              1,620            2,202             1,951            1,919           1,837
                        Corporate                                                     (93)            (107)            (133)             (90)             (88)
                        General Information
                        Number of employees                                         5,369            5,420            5,616            5,630             5,174
                        Weighted average number of shares                    1,719,898,967    1,717,640,861    1,722,199,759    1,720,567,672    1,753,612,216
                        Integrated Gas
                        2P reserves (PJe)                                           2,645            2,737            2,843             3,011           3,148
                        Product sales volumes (PJe)                                   180              184              183               177              211
                          Liquefied Natural Gas (PJ)                                  146              147              139              136              159
                          Natural gas and ethane (PJ)                                  35               38               45                41              52
                        Production volumes (PJe)                                      184              188               191             185              220
                        Energy Markets
                        Generation (MW) - owned                                     6,539            6,079            6,079            6,080            6,052
                        Generation dispatched (TWh)                                    16               18                17               15               15
                        Number of customer accounts ('000)                          4,937            4,695            4,591            4,483            4,436
                          Electricity                                               2,926            2,792            2,763            2,742            2,733
                          Natural gas                                               1,382            1,338            1,323             1,282            1,277
                          LPG                                                         346              351              359              368              368
                          Internet                                                    283              213              146                91              58

                                                                                                                                                                  213
                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report




                                                                                                2026(1)                 2025(1)                2024(1)                2023(1)                2022(1)
                        Electricity (TWh)                                                            37                     36                     36                     36                     35
                        Natural gas (PJ)                                                           129                     158                    161                    187                    188
                        LPG (Kt)                                                                   368                    329                     331                    374                    357

                    (1) Includes discontinued operations and assets held for sale unless stated otherwise.
                    (2) Origin discloses its equity accounted results in two lines: 'share of EBITDA of equity accounted investees,' included in EBITDA; and 'share of interest, tax, depreciation
                        and amortisation of equity accounted investees,' included between EBITDA and EBIT.
                    (3) Total current and non-current interest-bearing liabilities only, less cash and cash equivalents excluding APLNG related cash, less fair value adjustments on
                        hedged borrowings.
                    (4) Dividends represent the interim and final dividends determined for each FY.




For personal use only




   214
                    Glossary and Interpretation




                    Glossary and Interpretation


                    Glossary
                    STA TUTORY F INAN CI AL M EA S U R ES                                          NO N - I FR S FI NA NC I A L M E A S UR E S
                    Statutory financial measures are measures included in the                      Non-IFRS financial measures are defined as financial measures
                    Financial Statements for the Origin Consolidated Group, which                  that are presented other than in accordance with all relevant
                    are measured and disclosed in accordance with applicable                       Accounting Standards. Non-IFRS financial measures are used
                    Australian Accounting Standards. Statutory financial measures also             internally by management to assess the performance of Origin’s
                    include measures that have been directly calculated from, or                   business, and to make decisions on allocation of resources. The
                    disaggregated directly from financial information included in the              Non-IFRS financial measures have been derived from Statutory
                    Financial Statements for the Origin Consolidated Group.                        financial measures included in the Origin Consolidated Financial
                                                                                                   Statements, and are provided in this report, along with the
                        Term                   Meaning                                             Statutory financial measures to enable further insight and a
                        Cash flows from        Statutory cash flows from investing activities as
                                                                                                   different perspective into the financial performance, including
                        investing activities   disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows in the     profit and loss and cash flow outcomes, of the Origin business.
                                               Origin Consolidated Financial Statements            The principal Non-IFRS profit and loss measure of Underlying Profit




For personal use only
                        Cash flows from      Statutory cash flows from operating activities as     has been reconciled to Statutory Profit in Section 4.1. The key Non-
                        operating activities disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows in the       IFRS financial measures included in this report are defined below.
                                             Origin Consolidated Financial Statements
                        Cash flows used in     Statutory cash flows used in financing activities    Term             Meaning
                        financing activities   as disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows in
                                                                                                    AASB             Australian Accounting Standards Board
                                               the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    Adjusted Net     Net Debt adjusted to remove fair value adjustments
                        Net Debt               Total current and non-current interest-bearing
                                                                                                    Debt             on hedged borrowings
                                               liabilities only, less cash and cash equivalents
                                               excluding cash to fund APLNG day-to-                 Adjusted Net     Adjusted Net Debt divided by Adjusted
                                               day operations                                       Debt / EBITDA    Underlying EBITDA
                        Non-                   Economic interest in a controlled entity of          Adjusted         Energy Markets + Integrated Gas (Other) +
                        controlling interest   the consolidated entity that is not held by          Underlying       Corporate Underlying EBITDA + dividends from
                                               the Parent entity or a controlled entity of the      EBITDA           APLNG + franking credits attached to dividend
                                               consolidated entity                                                   received from APLNG, over the relevant 12
                                                                                                                     month period
                        Statutory              Net Profit/Loss after tax and non-controlling
                        Profit/Loss            interests as disclosed in the Income Statement       Average          Interest expense divided by Origin’s average drawn
                                               in the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements      interest rate    debt during the period
                        Statutory earnings     Statutory Profit/Loss divided by weighted            cps              Cents per share
                        per share              average number of shares as disclosed in the         EBITDA           Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
                                               Income Statement in the Origin Consolidated                           and amortisation
                                               Financial Statements
                                                                                                    Free Cash Flow Net cash from operating and investing activities
                                                                                                                   (excluding major growth projects), less interest paid
                                                                                                    FY26 (Current    Twelve months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                                                    period)
                                                                                                    FY25 (Prior      Twelve months ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                                    period)
                                                                                                    Gearing          Adjusted Net Debt / (Adjusted Net Debt +
                                                                                                                     Total equity)
                                                                                                    Gross Profit     Revenue less cost of goods sold
                                                                                                    ITDA             Interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
                                                                                                    Items excluded   Items that do not align with the manner in which
                                                                                                    from             the Chief Executive Officer reviews the financial and
                                                                                                    Underlying       operating performance of the business which are
                                                                                                    Profit (IEUP)    excluded from Underlying Profit. See Section 4.1
                                                                                                                     for details
                                                                                                    MRCPS            Mandatorily Redeemable Cumulative
                                                                                                                     Preference Shares
                                                                                                    Share of ITDA    Origin’s share of equity accounted interest, tax,
                                                                                                                     depreciation and amortisation
                                                                                                    Total Segment    Total revenue for the Energy Markets, Integrated
                                                                                                    Revenue          Gas and Corporate segments, as disclosed in note
                                                                                                                     A.1 of the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    Underlying       Underlying Profit/Loss divided by weighted average
                                                                                                    EPS              number of shares
                                                                                                    Underlying       Underlying earnings before underlying interest,
                                                                                                    EBITDA           underlying tax, underlying depreciation and
                                                                                                                     amortisation (EBITDA) as disclosed in note A.1 of
                                                                                                                     the Origin Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    Underlying       Share of interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
                                                                                                    share of ITDA    of equity accounted investees adjusted for items
                                                                                                                     excluded from Underlying Profit


                                                                                                                                                                             215
                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report




                    Glossary (continued)
                        Term             Meaning                                                 Term            Meaning
                        Underlying       Underlying net profit/loss after tax and non-           Emissions       GHG emissions per unit of measure (expressed as
                        Profit/Loss      controlling interests as disclosed in note A.1 of the   intensity       metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per
                                         Origin Consolidated Financial Statements                                Terajoule of energy)
                        Underlying       Calculated as Adjusted EBIT / Average                   Employee        Determined using Officevibe, an online continuous
                        ROCE (Return     Capital Employed                                        engagement      listening platform that facilitates in-the-moment
                        on Capital                                                               score           feedback through frequent pulse surveys. Provides a
                        Employed)        Average Capital Employed = Shareholders Equity                          score out of 10. See the Officevibe website for more
                                         + Origin Debt + Origin’s Share of APLNG project                         information on methodology
                                         finance + net derivative liabilities. The average is
                                         a simple average of opening and closing in the          Equal pay gap   Measures whether employees are paid the same
                                         given period                                                            for performing the same work or different work
                                                                                                                 of equal or comparable value. The Korn Ferry
                                         Adjusted EBIT = Origin Underlying EBIT and Origin’s                     Hay job evaluation methodology is used to define
                                         share of APLNG, Octopus (including Kraken)                              equivalent-sized jobs




For personal use only
                                         Underlying EBIT = Statutory Origin EBIT adjusted to     Equity          Proportional emissions from equity investments. For
                                         remove the following items: a) Items excluded from      emissions       example, Origin’s equity interest share of Australia
                                         underlying earnings; and b) Origin’s share of APLNG                     Pacific LNG
                                         and Octopus (including Kraken) underlying interest
                                         and tax                                                 Eraring         Dollar value of community investment committed
                                                                                                 Community       towards infrastructure, services or programs within
                                                                                                 Investment      the Lake Macquarie Local Government Area that
                    NO N-FINANCIAL T ERM S                                                       Fund            support one or more of the four key Fund
                                                                                                 committed       strategy areas – community wellbeing, community
                        Term             Meaning                                                 spend           resilience, economic transition and diversification,
                        Actual serious   Number of controlled incidents that resulted in                         or environmental protection and amenity – in
                        (or more)        a serious injury in accordance with the Origin                          alignment with Fund guidelines
                        injuries         Risk Matrix                                             EV              Electric vehicle
                        AEMO             Australian Energy Market Operator                       FEED            Front End Engineering Design
                        AGM              Annual General Meeting                                  FID             Final Investment Decision
                        AI               Artificial intelligence                                 First Nations   A business that is at least 50 per cent owned by
                        ARENA            Australian Renewable Energy Agency                      business        an Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander person
                                                                                                                 or persons, in alignment with the Supply Nation
                        Ash dam          A pond used for storing coal ash generated by                           membership criteria
                                         burning coal in coal-fired power plants
                                                                                                 First Nations   Payments made directly by Origin to a First
                        ASRS             Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards           supplier –      Nations business
                        Boe              Barrel of oil equivalent                                direct
                        C&I              Commercial and Industrial                               First Nations   Payments made by Origin suppliers (non-First
                        CEO              Chief Executive Officer                                 supplier –      Nations) to a First Nations business related to work
                                                                                                 indirect        performed for Origin
                        CES              Community Energy Services
                                                                                                 Flaring         A process to release gas by burning the methane
                        CH4              Methane
                                                                                                                 in specially designed flares within infrastructure.
                        CHI              Customer Happiness Index is a measure of                                Flaring converts methane to carbon dioxide, which
                                         customer satisfaction and is measured as the                            is a less potent greenhouse gas than methane
                                         average for the 12 months
                                                                                                 Fugitive        Gases that leak or are vented or flared
                        Cleaner Energy Energy produced from sources which produce                emissions       while extracting, producing, processing, storing,
                                       minimal to no greenhouse gas emissions during                             transmitting or distributing certain fossil fuels;
                                       their operation and includes solar, wind, hydro,                          for these purposes, fugitive emissions exclude
                                       green hydrogen, battery storage, bioenergy, and                           landscape emissions
                                       energy efficiency
                                                                                                 Gender pay      The difference between the mean total earnings
                        CO               Carbon monoxide                                         gap             of women and men. Our approach aligns our
                        CO2              Carbon dioxide                                                          methodology with the Workplace Gender Equality
                                                                                                                 Agency (WGEA) reporting program: ‘GPG =
                        CO2-e            Carbon dioxide equivalent
                                                                                                                 100 x (Average male total remuneration –
                        Community        Contributions to community partners and charities                       Average female total remuneration) / Average male
                        contributions    provided through the Origin Foundation. Includes                        total remuneration’. Refer to the WGEA website
                        through the      the Foundation grants program, employee                                 for information about how gender pay gaps
                        Origin           volunteering program, employee matched-giving                           are calculated
                        Foundation       program, and Origin Energy contributions
                                                                                                 GHG             Greenhouse gas
                                         distributed through the Foundation
                                                                                                 GHG emissions The level of greenhouse gas emissions per unit of
                        CSG              Coal seam gas
                                                                                                 intensity     economic activity
                        Customer         Origin’s product and services offerings to
                                                                                                 GJ              Gigajoule = 109 joules
                        solutions        customers, including to support their emissions
                                         reduction goals, including behind-the-meter             Green           Hydrogen produced using renewable electricity
                                         solar and batteries, EV solutions and ongoing           hydrogen
                                         monitoring, optimisation and orchestration of           Greenhouse      Mainly refers to carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous
                                         demand and supply                                       gas (GHG)       oxide, sulphur hexafluoride, hydrofluorocarbons
                        Digital          Percentage of customer interactions that are digital    emissions       and perfluorocarbons
                        interactions                                                             GW              Gigawatt = 109 watts
                        DMO              Default Market Offer                                    GWh             Gigawatt hour = 109 watt hours
   216
                    Glossary and Interpretation




                    Glossary (continued)
                        Term              Meaning                                                  Term             Meaning
                        Hydro             Hydroelectric power, including pumped storage            Paris            The central objective of the Paris Agreement is
                        IEA               International Energy Agency                              Agreement        its long-term temperature goal to hold global
                                                                                                   goals            average temperature increase to well below 2°C
                        IGCC              Investor Group on Climate Change                                          above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to
                        IPCC              Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change                                 limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-
                        JCC               Japan Customs-cleared Crude (JCC) is the average                          industrial levels
                                          price of crude oil imported to Japan. APLNG’s long-      PJ               Petajoule = 1015 joules
                                          term LNG sales contracts are priced based on the         PJe              Petajoules equivalent is an energy measurement
                                          JCC index                                                                 used to represent the equivalent energy in different
                        JKM               Japan Korea Marker is the Northeast Asian spot                            products so the amount of energy contained in
                                          price index for LNG delivered ex-ship to Japan                            these products can be compared
                                          and Korea                                                PM10             Particulate matter that is 10 micrometres or less in
                        Joule             Primary measure of energy in the metric system                            diameter. PM10 includes Eraring Power Station stack




For personal use only
                        Just transition   A just transition means greening the economy in                           emissions and Integrated Gas
                                          a way that is as fair and inclusive as possible to       PPA              Power Purchase Agreement
                                          everyone concerned                                       PV               Photovoltaic
                        Kansai            When referring to the off-taker under the LNG Sale       Recordable       Any work-related injury, illness or disease resulting
                                          and Purchase Agreement (SPA) with APLNG, means           injury           in a fatality, lost time, work restrictions or medical
                                          Kansai Electric Power Co. Inc.                                            treatment beyond the scope of first aid
                        kL                Kilolitre = 103 litres                                   Regional         Payments made directly by Origin with suppliers
                        kt                Kilo tonne = 1,000 tonnes                                suppliers –      whose primary place of business is in a Local
                        kt CO2-e          One thousand metric tonnes of carbon                     direct spend     Government Area outside of a Metropolitan
                                          dioxide equivalent                                                        Area postcode

                        kW                Kilowatt = 103 watts                                     Regional         Payments made by Origin suppliers (non-regional)
                                                                                                   suppliers –      to another supplier whose primary place of business
                        kWh               Kilowatt hour is a standard unit of electrical energy
                                                                                                   indirect spend   is in a Local Government Area outside of a
                                          representing consumption of one kilowatt over
                                                                                                                    Metropolitan Area related to work performed
                                          one hour
                                                                                                                    for Origin
                        Leaks             Gas can leak from infrastructure, particularly at pipe
                                                                                                   RepTrak score    RepTrak™ uses a nationally representative sample
                                          joints and valves
                                                                                                                    of the population to rate a company's reputation
                        LNG               Liquefied natural gas                                                     and perceptions across seven drivers: products
                        LPG               Liquefied petroleum gas                                                   and services; innovation; conduct; citizenship;
                                                                                                                    leadership; performance; and workplace
                        LTI               Long-term incentive
                                                                                                   SBTi             The Science Based Targets initiative is an
                        ML                Megalitre = 106 litres
                                                                                                                    independent body made up of representatives from
                        Mt                Megatonne = 106 tonnes                                                    the World Resources Institute, the CDP, the World
                        Mt CO2-e          One million metric tonnes of carbon                                       Wildlife Fund and the UN Global Compact
                                          dioxide equivalent                                       Scope 1          GHG emissions released to the atmosphere
                        Mtpa              Million tonnes per annum                                 emissions        as a direct result of our activity. These are
                                                                                                                    sometimes referred to as direct emissions; examples
                        MW                Megawatt = 106 watts
                                                                                                                    include emissions from electricity generation and
                        MWh               Megawatt hour = 103 kilowatt hours                                        gas production
                        NEM               National Electricity Market                              Scope 2          GHG emissions resulting from purchased electricity
                        Net zero          Net zero is a state achieved when anthropogenic          emissions        we consume to power our offices and
                                          emissions of greenhouse gas to the atmosphere                             operating sites
                                          are balanced by anthropogenic removals over              Scope 3          Indirect GHG emissions, other than Scope 2,
                                          a specified period. It can include the use of            emissions        relating to our value chain that we do not own or
                                          carbon offsets                                                            control including wholesale purchases of electricity
                        NGER              National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting                                  from the NEM and the use of our sold products
                                          Act 2007                                                                  such as LNG and domestic gas sales
                        NOx               Nitrogen oxide                                           Serious          Number of controlled incidents that resulted in a
                        NPV               Net Present Value                                        Environmental    serious impact to the environment in accordance
                                                                                                   Incidents        with the Origin Risk Matrix
                        NZE               The IEA’s Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario
                                                                                                   Sinopec          When referring to the off-taker under the LNG Sale
                        Operational       GHG emissions from our operated assets (our                               and Purchase Agreement (SPA) with APLNG, means
                        control           generation fleet and 100 per cent of the upstream                         China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation which has
                        emissions         operations at Australia Pacific LNG)                                      appointed its subsidiary Unipec Asia Co. Ltd. to act
                        Paris             The Paris Agreement is an agreement between                               on its behalf under the LNG SPA
                        Agreement         countries party to the United Nations Framework          SME              Small Medium Enterprise
                                          Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) to
                                          strengthen efforts to combat climate change and          SO2              Sulphur dioxide
                                          adapt to its effects, with enhanced support to assist    SPA              Sale and Purchase Agreement
                                          developing countries to do so                            STI              Short-term incentive
                                                                                                   Tier 1 process   An event that can occur as a result of
                                                                                                   safety event     an unintentional release of chemicals, energy
                                                                                                                    or materials to a volume threshold of a
                                                                                                                    greatest consequence
                                                                                                                                                                             217
                                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report




                    Glossary (continued)
                        Term               Meaning
                        Tier 2 process     An event that can occur as a result of
                        safety event       an unintentional release of chemicals, energy
                                           or materials to a volume threshold of a
                                           lesser consequence
                        Tonnes CO2-e       Metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
                        TRIFR              Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate is the
                                           number of recordable injuries that occurred during
                                           Origin controlled activity, per million hours worked
                                           for employees and contractors over the 12-month
                                           reporting period
                        TW                 Terawatt = 1012 watts
                        TWh                Terawatt hour = 109 kilowatt hours




For personal use only
                        Upstream &         Reflects Origin’s interest in Australia Pacific LNG
                        Thermal assets     Pty Limited, thermal generation fleet as well as
                                           LPG business
                        VDO                Victorian Default Offer
                        Venting            The process that relieves pressure in the system,
                                           releasing gas
                        VOC                Volatile organic compound
                        VPP                Virtual Power Plant
                        Watt               A measure of power when one ampere of current
                                           flows under one volt of pressure



                    Interpretation
                    All comparable results reflect a comparison between the current
                    period and the prior period, unless otherwise stated.

                    A reference to APLNG or Australia Pacific LNG is a reference
                    to Australia Pacific LNG Pty Limited in which Origin holds a
                    27.5 per cent shareholding. A reference to Octopus Energy
                    or Octopus is a reference to Octopus Energy Group Limited
                    until the date of demerger (17 June 2026) and then Octopus
                    Energy Topco Limited, in which Origin holds a 22.7% interest.
                    A reference to Kraken Technologies or Kraken is reference to
                    Kraken Technologies Limited until the date of demerger (17 June
                    2026) and then Kraken Technologies Global Group Limited, in
                    which Origin currently holds a 22.7% interest (19.6% directly,1 3.1%
                    indirectly). Origin’s shareholdings in APLNG, Octopus Energy and
                    Kraken Technologies are equity accounted.

                    A reference to $ is a reference to Australian dollars unless
                    specifically marked otherwise.

                    All references to debt are a reference to interest bearing debt only.

                    Individual items and totals are rounded to the nearest appropriate
                    number or decimal. Some totals may not add due to rounding of
                    individual components.

                    When calculating a percentage change, a positive or negative
                    percentage change denotes the mathematical movement in
                    the underlying metric, rather than a positive or a detrimental
                    impact. Percentage changes on measures for which the numbers
                    change from negative to positive, or vice versa, are labelled as
                    not applicable.




                    1
                        Post-separation direct share of 18.2% at 30 June, rising to 19.6% basic shareholding after 9 July equity raise and shares issued for Kraken exclusivity waiver.
   218
For personal use only
                 Directory

                 Registered Office
                 Level 32, Tower 1
                 100 Barangaroo Avenue
                 Barangaroo, NSW 2000

                 GPO Box 5376
                 Sydney NSW 2001

                 T (02) 8345 5000

                 originenergy.com.au
                 enquiry@originenergy.com.au



                 Secretary
                 Helen Hardy



                 Share Registry




For personal use only
                 Boardroom Pty Limited
                 Level 8, 210 George Street
                 Sydney NSW 2000

                 GPO Box 3993
                 Sydney NSW 2001

                 T Australia 1300 664 446
                 T International (+61 2) 8016 2896
                 F (02) 9279 0664

                 boardroomlimited.com.au
                 origin@boardroomlimited.com.au



                 Auditor
                 EY



                 Further information about Origin’s
                 performance can be found on our website:
                 originenergy.com.au
