Q1 2026
BUSINESS UPDATE
BUSINESS UPDATE                                                                        2                                                             Q1 2026




                  Overview
                  In Q1 2026, net revenue was €620.8 million, up 16% YoY, or 20% on a constant currency basis, in line
                  with our expectations.
                  Q1 2026 processed volume was €382.0 billion, up 21% YoY.
                  Growth this quarter remained broad based across our global customer base, which has proven resilient
                  in an uncertain macroeconomic environment. We are well positioned to execute our strategy and deliver
                  on our long-term growth ambitions.




                  Business Updates
                  Digital
                  • Digital net revenue reached €349.6 million, up 9% YoY, or 13% on a constant currency basis.
                  • Processed volume grew 15% YoY.
                  • The strength in Digital was driven by continued share of wallet gains as a result of our differentiated
                    product offering and deep partnerships with our largest content & subscriptions customers.

                  Unified Commerce
                  • Unified Commerce net revenue reached €196.2 million, up 24% YoY, or 28% on a constant currency
                    basis.
                  • Processed volume grew 26% YoY.
                  • Unified Commerce results reflect the resilience of our core luxury and small format retail verticals, as
                    well as strength in hospitality and food & beverage. In the quarter, we saw a less pronounced shift in
                    volumes between Digital and Unified Commerce compared to the prior quarters, while we continue
                    to execute on our strategy to expand share of wallet across channels over time.
                  • This quarter, 588 customers processed across multiple regions with our Unified Commerce offering
                    and 474 customers are now processing across channels at scale1.
                  • The total number of transacting Unified Commerce terminals reached 453k, reflecting an increase of
                    85k YoY.

                  Platforms
                  • Platforms net revenue reached €75.0 million, up 35% YoY, or 40% YoY on a constant currency
                    basis.
                  • Processed volume grew 38% YoY.


                  1
                      Defined as the number of merchants processing at least €10 million on both POS and eCommerce, with over €50 million in total
                       processed volume in the last 12 months.
BUSINESS UPDATE                                                                        3                                     Q1 2026




                  • Platforms growth continues to be driven by our expansion across vertical SaaS businesses with
                    particular momentum in the financial services and food & beverage verticals, as well as the growing
                    adoption of our embedded financial products.
                  • We now have 34 platform customers processing over €1 billion annually.
                  • The number of platform business customers2 reached 264k, compared to 177k last year, and
                    platform transacting terminals grew to 315k, up 94k YoY.




                  Team
                  During this period, we welcomed 88 net new FTEs, primarily in commercial and tech roles outside
                  Amsterdam. We continue to target 550-650 net new FTEs in 2026.




                  Talon.One Acquisition
                  Post period-end, on April 23, 2026, Adyen entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of the
                  shares in Talon.One GmbH for a total consideration of €750 million.
                  The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2026, subject to customary closing conditions
                  and regulatory approvals.




                  2
                      Defined as all end-customers that meet the processed volume thresholds for capital grants.
BUSINESS UPDATE                                                                     4                                                                    Q1 2026




                  Financial Objectives
                  Adyen’s substantial long-term opportunity remains in place, and we continue to build the business
                  guided by decisions that benefit us over that horizon. Our financial objectives remain the same.
                  Net revenue growth: We expect 2026 net revenue growth of 20 to 22% YoY on a constant currency
                  basis.
                  EBITDA margin: We expect to increase EBITDA margin levels to above 55% by 2028; we expect 2026
                  EBITDA margin to remain broadly in line with 2025.
                  Capital expenditure: We expect to maintain a sustainable capital expenditure level of up to 5% of our
                  net revenue.


                  On May 6, 2026, at 3pm CEST, Adyen will host a Business Update call with our CFO, Ethan
                  Tandowsky. You can access the livestream here. An audio recording will be made available shortly after
                  on the same webpage.




                  Important Legal Information

                  Any person who comes into possession of this document must inform themselves about and comply with any legal restrictions
                  governing possession, distribution, or use of the document.

                  Auditor's involvement
                  The information in this document is unaudited.

                  Accounting principles
                  For further details on the non-IFRS measures included in this document, refer to note 2.2 ‘Non-IFRS financial measures’ to Adyen’s
                  Consolidated Financial Statements.

                  Forward-looking statements
                  Forward-looking statements are not facts and only represent the current views and assumptions of Adyen N.V. ("Adyen") regarding
                  future events, many of which are by nature inherently uncertain and beyond Adyen’s control. Factors that could cause actual results
                  to deviate materially from those anticipated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic,
                  demographic and political conditions and risks, actions taken and policies applied by governments, financial regulators and private
                  organizations (including payment schemes and credit rating agencies), market conditions and turbulence in financial and other
                  markets, and the success of Adyen in managing the related risks. Subject to statutory obligations, Adyen does not intend to publicly
                  update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date the statements were made, and
                  assumes no obligation to do so.

                  Unsponsored DR program
                  Adyen does not consent to, authorize, endorse, support, encourage, or participate in, directly or indirectly, unsponsored depository
                  receipt ("DR") programs regarding Adyen securities. Adyen specifically disclaims any liability whatsoever arising out of or in
                  connection with any unsponsored DR program.
