
20-F

1

final2018ccepannualreportd.htm

20-F

2018 CCEP Annual Report Combined Document

United States
Securities and Exchange Commission
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 20-F
(MarkOne)
¨

REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
OR
¨

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
¨

SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission file number 1-37791
COCA-COLA EUROPEAN PARTNERS PLC
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
England and Wales
(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ, United Kingdom
(Address of principal executive offices)
Contact
(Clare Wardle, General Counsel & Company Secretary, +44 (0)1895 231 313, Secretariat@ccep.com, Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ, United Kingdom)
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class

Name on each exchange on which registered
Ordinary Shares of €0.01 each

New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.
Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None.
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report: 474,920,066 Ordinary Shares of €0.01 each
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act    Yes  ☒    No  ☐
If this Report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934    Yes  ☐    No  ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days:    Yes  ☒    No  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer,"accelerated filer, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
☒
Accelerated filer
☐
Non-accelerated filer
☐

Emerging growth company
☐
Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing.
U.S. GAAP
☐
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
☒
Other
☐
If “Other” has been checked to the previous question indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow:    Item 17  ☐    Item 18  ☐
If this is an annual report, indicated by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒

COCA‑COLA  EUROPEAN  PARTNERS  PLC  GREAT BEVERAGES                                    GREAT SERVICE  2018  INTEGRATED  REPORT  AND  FORM  20-F GREAT PEOPLE                                    COCA‑COLA EUROPEAN PARTNERS PLC                                    2018 INTEGRATED REPORT AND FORM 20-F

Coca-Cola European Partners is the  world’s largest independent Coca-Cola  bottler by revenue. Our people make,  sell and distribute the world’s best  loved drinks across 13 countries in  Western Europe.  In two years, we’ve enhanced our  position as a leader in one of the  largest consumer goods sectors in  some of Europe’s most signiﬁcant  markets. Today, with a strong  foundation in place, we’re ready to  take the next step in our journey.  Our business environment is changing  – and we need to change too. By                                                                    LEARN ABOUT WHAT WE DO ON    PAGES 6-7                                                                                                    READ ABOUT OUR SUSTAINABILITY ACTION  increasing our focus on our customers’                                                            PLAN, THIS IS FORWARD, ON PAGES 30-39  needs, evolving our portfolio in line                                                              SEE OUR REPORT ONLINE AT                                                                                                    IR.CCEP.COM/FINANCIAL-REPORTS/ with changing consumer needs                                                                      ANNUAL-REPORTS  and tastes, and taking action on                                                               None of the websites referred to in this                                                                                                  Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year   sustainability, we’re paving the way                                                           ended 31 December 2018 (the Form 20-F),                                                                                                  including where a link is provided, nor any   for long-term, sustainable growth and                                                          of the information contained on such                                                                                                  websites, are incorporated by reference in   shared value creation.                                                                         the Form 20-F.   OUR REPORT                                     Governance & Directors’ Report                 Financial Statements                                                48  Chairman’s Introduction                    94    Independent Auditor’s Reports Strategic Report                               49  Board of Directors                         104   Consolidated Financial Statements 2   Our Portfolio                              50  Directors’ Biographies                     109   Notes to the Consolidated Financial  4   Our Operations                             55  Senior Management                                Statements 6   What We Do                                 57  Corporate Governance Report                151   Company Financial Statements 8   A Conversation with our Chairman           67  Nomination Committee Chairman’s            153   Notes to the Company Financial      and CEO                                        Letter                                           Statements 12  Responding to a Changing Landscape         68  Nomination Committee Report 14  Our Strategy                               70  Audit Committee Chairman’s Letter          Other Information 16  Business Model                             71  Audit Committee Report                     162   Risk Factors 18  Our People                                 76  Directors’ Remuneration Report             169   Other Group Information 20  Operating with Integrity                       76  Statement from the Remuneration        188   Form 20-F Table of Cross References 22  Business and Financial Review                      Committee Chairman                     190   Exhibits 30   Action on Sustainability –                    78  Overview of the Remuneration           192   Glossary     This is Forward                                    Policy                                 195   Useful Addresses 40  Principal Risks                                79  Remuneration at a Glance               196   Forward Looking Statements 44  Viability Statement                            80  Annual Report on Remuneration 45  Section 172 Statement from the             88  Directors’ Report     Directors                                  91  Directors’ Responsibilities Statement

PERFORMANCE     INDICATORS                                                        REPORT  STRATEGIC  FINANCIAL                                        2018  2017  REVENUE                         OPERATING PROFIT ON A                                  COMPARABLE BASIS*                           11.5                         1.6 €11.5BN                 11.1    €1.6BN                1.5         REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE  DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE      FREE CASH FLOW*  ON A COMPARABLE BASIS*                           2.30                         1.13 €2.30                   2.12    €1.1BN               1.04                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                  * Please  refer to Business and Financial  ROIC* (%)                        Review on page 22 for deﬁnition and                                   reconciliation of non-GAAP ﬁgures to                           9.9     GAAP ﬁgures. 9.9%                    9.0                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER   OPERATIONAL                                     2018  2017   % PET FROM RECYCLED PET        % SUGAR REDUCTION IN OUR                                  SOFT DRINKS SINCE 2015                           27.6                         11.1  27.6%                  24.6    11.1%           4.2   LOST TIME INCIDENT RATE        WATER USE RATIO    (NUMBER PER 100 FULL TIME      (LITRES OF WATER/LITRE   EQUIVALENT EMPLOYEES)          OF PRODUCT PRODUCED)                          1.14                          1.61  1.14                    1.23   1.61                  1.61                                  For more about our sustainability   ENERGY USE RATIO               commitments and progress, see pages                                  30 to 39  (MJ/LITRE OF PRODUCT PRODUCED)                           0.317  0.317                   0.320                 Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 1

OUR PORTFOLIO   From Coca-Cola trademark soft drinks to  organic teas and plant-based beverages,  we offer some of the world’s most popular  drinks. Our portfolio is evolving to provide  drinks for every taste and occasion – with  or without sugar.  2018 BRAND CATEGORY VOLUME (ROUNDED)(A)                  7.0%            WATER                                  JUICES, ISOTONICS                 7.5%                                AND OTHER                                      SPARKLING                 22.5%               FLAVOURS                                     AND ENERGY                                                  SPARKLING –                                                                                                THE WORLD’S                                                                                                 BEST-LOVED SOFT                                                                                                 DRINKS AND                                                                                                 MIXERS.                                                                                                 Our range of sparkling soft drinks includes                                                                                                 iconic brands such as our trademark                                         COCA-COLA                 63.0%                                                                           Coca-Cola drinks (including Diet and Light                                         TRADEMARK                                               versions) as well as Fanta and Sprite.                                                                                                 Coca-Cola Zero Sugar is one of our fastest                                                                                                 growing products. We’re expanding our                                                                                                 sparkling range with new ﬂ avours for old                                                                                                 favourites. Regional products – like Mezzo                                                                                                 Mix in Germany – continue to be popular.                                                                                                 This category includes our growing                                                                                                 portfolio of adult mixers, led by                                                                                                 Schweppes(B), Royal Bliss and Fïnley.                                                                         (A)  We report comparable volumes for our Coca-Cola trademark drinks; sparkling ﬂ avours                                                                            and energy drinks; juices, isotonics and other drinks; and our water brands. As our                                                                            portfolio evolves and expands we’re also developing ready to drink tea and coffee and                                                                            plant-based beverages to appeal to new groups of consumers.                                                                        (B) In Great Britain only.  2         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGIC   ENERGY –                                                               WATER – FOR SOME EXTRA                                                         STILL, SPARKLING,  GET UP AND GO.                                                         FLAVOURED,                                         REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE  The popularity of our energy drinks  continues to grow. We’re broadening                                    DISTILLED. the range of Monster drinks we produce,  and appealing to a wider range of                                      Our waters are the perfect choice  consumers with brands like Relentless.                                 for consumers on the move, out and                                                                         about and in the gym. We’re continuing                                                                         to expand the presence of GLACÉAU                                                                           Smartwater across our territories,                 STATEMENTS FINANCIAL                                                                        while supporting local favourites like                                                                         Vio and Chaudfontaine.                                                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION OTHER   READY TO DRINK                                                         JUICES AND OTHER TEAS, COFFEES                                                          FRUIT-BASED  AND PLANT-BASED                                                        DRINKS IN A RANGE  DRINKS.                                                                OF FLAVOURS.  Launched in 2018, Fuze Tea is already                                  As our portfolio evolves, we’re expanding  among the top three most popular ready                                 the range of juice drinks we offer. Oasis  to drink teas in most of our markets,                                  continues to be popular, while Capri-Sun  according to data from Nielsen. We also                                is now available with new fl avours.  launched our fi rst ever range of premium                              Under the Honest brand, we offer Honest  ready to drink cold coffee products with                               Kids fruit drinks. In 2018, The Coca-Cola  the introduction of Honest Coffee (Latte                               Company acquired Tropico, which will  and Mocha).                                                            enhance our juice product range in                                                                         Belgium, France and Luxembourg.                                               Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 3

OUR OPERATIONS                                                               Iceland  We are around 23,300 people servicing  customers in one million outlets across  13 countries in Western Europe. We are  a European business and we invest,  employ, manufacture and distribute locally,  maintaining a strong commitment to the  wellbeing of our communities. Our success  is built on three pillars: great beverages,           14.2BN                                                      litres of our brands   great service and great people.                        sold annually      READ MORE ABOUT HOW WE ARE RESPONDING     TO A CHANGING LANDSCAPE ON PAGE 12                                               Around                                           23,300                                             employees                 300M                 consumers                                      47                                                             manufacturing                                                                 sites              5        markets in which           27.6%        we support the            of the PET we used        Special Olympics –          in 2018 was from        the world’s largest       sports organisation for        recycled PET       children and adults         with intellectual           disabilities   4    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

        100%      of the electricity we                   100%     purchased in 2018 was                                                electric vehicle                                     REPORT  STRATEGIC    from renewable sources                   ﬂeet for 100 sales                                             representatives and                                              installation of 176                                            charging points at the                                                HQ in Norway                                                    Norway                                                                 Sweden                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                     66%                   of our sales in                     Great Britain                                                                   STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                   were low or no                     calorie in 2018                   Great                    Britain                                                                           INFORMATION  OTHER                                        Netherlands                              We serve                                                   Germany                                     Belgium                      €10M                 Luxembourg                      of a €19m                  investment in a new                                            1M                   reﬁllable glass                                               customer                   bottle line in Socx,                                             outlets                       France                                                   We announced a                               France            65                                     €27.9M     years since the ﬁrst                        investment in a new       bottling contract                          can line at our site in       was signed in Spain               Monaco       Ghent, Belgium                               Andorra Portugal            Spain                                           Canary Islands                                                 Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 5

WHAT WE DO   We create long-term sustainable  value by making, selling and  distributing the world’s most loved  drinks and striving to deliver  excellent service to our customers.  Our success is driven by our culture  and the passion and commitment  of our employees.                                                                                 MAKE GREAT        SEE OUR BUSINESS MODEL ON   PAGES 16-17                                                      TASTING DRINKS      SEE OUR THIS IS FORWARD STRATEGY ON   PAGES 30-31                                            Our manufacturing sites make and                                                                                                    bottle our wide range of drinks.                                                                                                    We’re continuously improving our                                                                                                    manufacturing sites and investing in                                                                                                    new technologies to make them more                                                                                                    efﬁcient and safer for our employees.                                                                                                    Approximately 92% of the drinks                                                                                                    we sell are produced in the country                                                                                                    in which they are consumed.   WORK WITH  TCCC AND OTHER  FRANCHISORS                                                                                       SOURCE RAW  The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC)  and other franchisors make and                                                                    MATERIALS sell concentrates, beverage bases                                                                 We use ingredients such as water,  and syrups, own the brands and                                                                    sugar beet, coffee, juices and syrup  are responsible for consumer                                                                      to make our drinks. We also rely on  brand marketing.                                                                                  materials like glass, aluminium,  We license these brands and                                                                       PET, pulp and paper to make our  purchase the concentrates,                                                                        packaging. We require all our  beverage bases and syrups to                                                                      suppliers to meet strict targets  make, sell and distribute packaged                                                                around workplace policies and  beverages to our customers and                                                                    practices, health and safety, ethics  vending partners.                                                                                 and human rights, environmental                                                                                                    protection and business integrity.   6         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGIC                                                         WORK CLOSELY                                                         WITH CUSTOMERS                                                         WHO SELL TO                                                           CONSUMERS                                                      REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE                                                        Our 6,000 strong sales force works                                                         with a huge range of customers – from                                                         small local shops, supermarkets and                                                         wholesalers to restaurants, bars and                                                         sports stadiums – so consumers can  DISTRIBUTE TO                                          enjoy one of our great products wherever                                                         they are and whenever they want. We  OUR CUSTOMERS                                          also provide coolers and supply vending                                                           machines so people can find our drinks                         STATEMENTS FINANCIAL We distribute our products to                                                         on the go. customers and vending partners  by locating our manufacturing sites  near to customers and working  closely with logistics partners.                                                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION OTHER                                                          WORK WITH                                                         PARTNERS, AIMING                                                         TO COLLECT 100%                                                         OF OUR PACKAGING                                                        Although the vast majority of our bottles                                                         and cans are recyclable, they don’t                                                         always end up being recycled. That needs                                                         to change. We’re determined to lead the                                                         way towards a circular economy where                                                         100% of our packaging is collected,                                                         reused or recycled, so that none of                                                         it ends up as litter or in the oceans.                                          Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 7

A CONVERSATION WITH   OUR CHAIRMAN AND CEO        WINNING                        TODAY,               TO WIN                    TOMORROW                   “  BUILDING ON OUR                     CURRENT MOMENTUM                     AND FOCUSING ON THE                     OPPORTUNITIES AHEAD,                     WE CAN WIN TODAY TO                     WIN TOMORROW.”                      Sol Daurella, Chairman                     Damian Gammell, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer   8 Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGIC  WINNING   TODAY,                                                                                                                          REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE                                                                                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FINANCIAL      TO WIN  TOMORROW                                                                                                                       INFORMATION OTHER               Our journey since the Merger                                 Together with TCCC, we’ve taken a close look at what the                                                                            long-term future holds for our industry, and developed                    | CCEP is a young company, but we’ve come a long way                                                                            an ambitious but realistic vision for growth over the next               since our formation just two years ago. We’re the largest                                                                            10 years. To realise this vision, we’re investing in core,               independent Coca-Cola bottler by revenue, with a leading                                                                            best in class capabilities that will support our growth and               portfolio of brands supported by a sales force of over 6,000                                                                            set us apart to win.              people in Europe. Our journey is just beginning, but I’m very               proud of everything we’ve achieved so far, and of the passion Adapting to our changing consumer and customer               and hard work our employees show every day.                  landscape will require a new mindset and different ways                                                                             of working. We’re in a very exciting position. From the great               Following the Merger, we focused on three objectives to get                                                                            people who work at CCEP, to the experienced leadership                us to where we are today. Firstly, we took some bold strategic                                                                            and strategy we have in place, and our strong commitment               decisions, resetting the base to focus on driving profitable                                                                            to sustainability, I’m confident we can succeed.              revenue growth. Secondly, we launched a programme of               business integration to deliver Merger synergies. Thirdly, we               identified long-term strategic opportunities, and began to   Growth opportunity              position ourselves to build for the future. We have delivered                                                                               | It’s clear there’s a massive opportunity ahead of us.               against these objectives, creating consistent revenue growth                                                                            Between now and 2028, we believe there is an incremental               and shared value for all our stakeholders.                                                                            retail sales opportunity in our markets of €30 billion. As a               But CCEP was always about a bigger and bolder vision than    leader in the non-alcoholic ready to drink category across               simply delivering the Merger. Now, with a strong platform in our territories, we’re in an ideal position to take advantage                place, we’re ready to draw a line under the first chapter in our of this opportunity.              story and move on to the next.                                                                            Our long-term growth plan has two pillars: diversifying                                                                             our portfolio and packaging, and transforming our route                                                                             to market.                                                                          Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 9

A CONVERSATION WITH OUR CHAIRMAN AND CEO CONTINUED  Diversifying our portfolio and packaging                    Mid-term objectives    | Consumer habits are changing and the range of drinking     | We announced our mid-term objectives at our analyst  motivations and occasions is growing constantly. CCEP and   and investor event in Germany in September 2018. We  TCCC are well placed to respond. We’re investing in richer  believe we can deliver low single digit revenue growth which  consumer insights to help us understand these changes and   we hope, alongside our ongoing focus on cost control and  where we should focus our resources.                        productivity efﬁciencies, will translate into mid single digit                                                              operating proﬁt growth. We expect this will drive free cash  For example, while we continue to support our core sparkling                                                              ﬂow of at least €1 billion per annum over the medium term.  brands, we’re already diversifying our portfolio to include  more non-sparkling drinks such as ready to drink teas,  coffees and plant-based drinks. In 2018 we launched         Impact of soft drink industry taxes Fuze Tea – a low-calorie, premium ice tea range that’s  already the number three ready to drink tea in most of our      | As part of our strategy to diversify our portfolio, we want  markets, according to data from Nielsen. We expect 80%      to offer an even greater choice of low and no sugar drinks.  of growth in our industry to come from the non-sparkling    We have reformulated many of our recipes to reduce sugar  category over the next 10 years.                            across many of our brands, as well as making low and no                                                              sugar versions of our drinks easier to ﬁnd. Since 2015, we’ve  We’re also responding to changing consumer attitudes to     reduced the average sugar per litre in our soft drinks by  packaging. The shift from large, weekly shopping for large  11.1%, exceeding our 10% target two years ahead of  households, to smaller, more regular shopping for smaller   schedule. In 2018, 45% of our sales came from low and no  households is driving the popularity of our smaller packs.  calorie drinks and in Belgium, Great Britain and Spain we  Similarly, we’re responding to demand for more premium      already meet our target of 50%. products with more small glass bottles.                                                             As well as responding to the needs of our communities                                                              and helping us adapt to the regulatory environment, this  Transforming our route to market                            strategy is also creating value for our shareholders. For                                                              example, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar led growth in the portfolio,     | As consumer behaviour changes, so do our customers.                                                              with volume increasing 11% in 2018. Historically our sector has viewed customers in two large  groups – those who sell products for drinking at home, and  those who sell products for drinking away from home. It’s   Sustainability clear that model is outdated.                                                                 | At CCEP, we want sustainability to underpin every   We’re changing our business to reﬂect more diverse          part of how we do business. In 2017, together with TCCC,  customer segments. We’re using insights to be clear on the  we launched This is Forward, our sustainability action plan.  opportunity in each category, which consumers shop in       Building on 10 years of focused work on sustainability, and  those categories and which products we need to target for   based on extensive stakeholder consultation, this ambitious  each category.                                              plan sets out three action areas on drinks, packaging and  We expect to see growth across all our channels, particularly society, and three supporting actions on water, climate and  away from home – an area where we are underrepresented      supply chain, with a series of clear, measurable targets for  today. This presents a big opportunity for us to gain market each of these areas. share and grow revenue.                                     The importance of this plan to our long-term strategy is                                                              reﬂected in the structure of our annual report. This year, for                                                              the ﬁrst time, we have decided to release an integrated  Investing to deliver                                                             report, with progress on our sustainability commitments     | We invested signiﬁcantly in 2018 to make these plans a disclosed alongside our ﬁnancial performance. reality, and will continue to do so in 2019. We are:                                                             As with all areas of our business, our sustainability plan is  • Harnessing market leading digital tools and technology so underpinned by a strong governance framework, with   our employees can focus on what matters most – serving     progress overseen by our Corporate Social Responsibility   our customers. It’ll be easier and quicker for customers to (CSR) Committee.   order our products, get support and grow their business    in partnership with CCEP                                   The insights of our stakeholders continue to play an integral  • Adding new manufacturing lines and capabilities so we     role in shaping our sustainability plan and we talk with them   can produce a broader selection of drinks, in a wider      regularly to ensure we understand their views and concerns.   range of packs so our customers can attract new groups     For example, in 2018 we held the second of our OPEN series   of consumers                                               of stakeholder discussions in the Netherlands. During the  • Creating the best sales force, with bespoke teams for new event we talked about the progress we had made on each   products and dedicated support for every type of customer  of our This is Forward commitments and the challenges                                                               and opportunities we faced over the year. More than 600  Together, these investments will create a step change in the stakeholders took part in the event, including customers,  experience we provide for our customers. We believe that our journalists, students and non-governmental organisations  new consumer insights and customer segmentation will        (NGOs). drive better long-term conversations with our customers and  help our sales force be more effective in each customer visit.   READ MORE ABOUT OUR SUSTAINABILITY PLAN AND                                                                 OUR PROGRESS AGAINST OUR TARGETS ON PAGES 30-39   10      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Single use plastic                                           As part of our commitment to diversity, we’ve pledged                                                               that 40% of management positions at CCEP will be      | The world has a serious plastic waste problem and as                                                               held by women by 2025. In 2018, women held 35.6%  a major producer of packaging we’re determined to play a                                                               of management positions. leading role in finding solutions. As part of our sustainability  action plan we’ve made a number of commitments to reduce     In November, to mark the first anniversary of our This is  the impact of our packaging. In 2018, 27.6% of the PET we    Forward action plan, we launched a new volunteering policy  used to make our PET bottles was rPET and 98% of the         that enables all CCEP employees to dedicate up to two           REPORT STRATEGIC packaging we used was recyclable.                            paid working days a year to volunteer for a charity or                                                               cause of their choice.  Plastic is a complex issue. On the one hand, far too much  plastic packaging ends up as litter or in our oceans. On the To be a great company, we also need to conduct our  other, plastic can be a highly sustainable packaging material business in the right way. That means acting with integrity  that’s easy to recycle, with a lower carbon footprint than   and accountability in all of our actions and business  aluminium or glass. At CCEP, we believe the answer lies in   relationships. Through our Code of Conduct, we ensure that  building a circular economy, where 100% of our primary       this mindset is ingrained throughout our culture at CCEP. packaging is collected and reused. We’re looking at ways to  make closed loop recycling a reality by supporting well  designed deposit return schemes and partnering with local    What next?                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE household collection schemes, as well as investing in the       | In two years we’ve established CCEP as a strong,  rPET supply chain and PET reprocessing infrastructure.       profitable business. Through our close alignment with TCCC,                                                               and thanks to our experienced leadership team and Board of  In 2018, we also introduced a number of initiatives to reduce                                                               Directors, we’ve delivered consistent value for shareholders. single use plastic in our packaging. This included replacing  shrink wrap with cardboard on our 10 x 15cl cans in Belgium, Now I’m excited to move onto the next phase of our journey.  France, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. We are      As we look forward to the next 10 years, I’m confident we  also actively supporting anti-litter programmes across all   have the right operating model for long-term growth, and  our territories.                                             the scale and talent to deliver it. By building on our current                                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FINANCIAL                                                              momentum while focusing on the opportunities ahead,      READ MORE ABOUT OUR PACKAGING COMMITMENTS                I’m confident we can win today to win tomorrow.    AND ACTIONS ON PAGE 33                                                               Thank you Relationship with TCCC                                                                 | None of this would be possible without the hard work      | TCCC is much more than an important shareholder in                                                               and dedication of our employees across Western Europe. I’m   CCEP. Both companies are closely aligned on strategy,                                                                        INFORMATION OTHER                                                              consistently impressed by their expert local knowledge and  sharing the same vision of where we’re going and how to get                                                               passion for our brands and our business. I’m grateful for all  there. Over the past two years we’ve had to make some bold                                                               they do every day to serve our customers and communities. decisions to reset our business following the Merger, and  TCCC has been very supportive in helping us take those       I would also like to thank my fellow Directors for their  decisions. For example, moving away from big promotions on   contribution. In particular, I would like to thank J. Alexander  our packs and adopting smaller, premium packs, which are     M. Douglas, Jr and Francisco Ruiz de la Torre Esporrín, who  now driving growth. We’re currently working closely with     stepped down in March 2018, and Véronique Morali, who  TCCC to decide on the right priorities to grow our share in the stepped down at the end of 2018. I was very pleased to  non-alcoholic ready to drink space.                          welcome Francisco Crespo Benítez and Álvaro Gómez-Trénor                                                               Aguilar in March 2018 and Nathalie Gaveau from the start                                                               of 2019. Culture at CCEP                                                                 | On behalf of both Sol and myself, I’d like to thank all      | Although CCEP is a big business, in many ways we need  of our shareholders and investors for their ongoing support.  to act like a small business. To accelerate our performance  We look forward to continuing our journey with all of our  and adapt quickly to changing customer and consumer          partners and stakeholders in 2019. expectations, it’s vital that we continue to nurture an  entrepreneurial mentality. In 2018, we continued to invest in Sol Daurella, Chairman  building the right culture at CCEP, with a focus on agile ways Damian Gammell, Chief Executive Officer of working and creating an ownership mindset where people  feel empowered and confident to take appropriate risks and  win together.  Diversity is also critically important for our culture, and  something that the Board and I personally feel very  passionate about. I’m convinced that the more we foster a  diverse and inclusive culture at CCEP, the more we will  succeed as a business. We know that a wide diversity of  views, cultural standpoints and experiences drives creativity  and innovation, and keeps us better attuned to the needs of  the customers and consumers we serve.                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 11

RESPONDING TO   A CHANGING LANDSCAPE  From increasing demands for                                                          At CCEP, we have built a business model  transparency to shifts in drinking                                                   that ensures we can adapt and thrive in  habits, our business is being impacted                                               this changing environment. by a range of major market trends.                                                                   MACRO TRENDS                                                DEMAND FOR                                   CHANGING CUSTOMER                                             TRANSPARENCY                                         ENVIRONMENT                                      As consumers become more health                    Our customer base is evolving quickly                                       conscious, they’re asking for more                through consolidation and the growing                                        information about the drinks they                     importance of discounters and                                   consume. At the same time, governments                e-commerce. As consumer habits shift,                                       and regulators are also demanding                  customer channels are also changing,                                   increasing transparency from companies,                 with signiﬁcant growth in the away                                        both through packaging labelling                     from home channel expected in                                                   and reporting.                                      the years ahead.                         SUSTAINABILITY                                                                                  EVOLVING                     We are listening to feedback from                     our stakeholders and responding                                                              CONSUMER NEEDS                      to concerns from consumers,                                                             Consumers’ drinking motivations                              governments and                                                                 and occasions are becoming more                     non-governmental organisations                                                             varied. Today, consumers want                        on key sustainability issues.                                                          different drinks to suit a range of                     Importantly, we are taking action                                                        moments and occasions, whether                       on these issues. These include                                                          it’s an indulgent treat, a pick me                        single use plastic, packaging                                                          up on the way to work or a drink                          and concerns about health                                                               as part of a healthy lifestyle.                                and obesity.                                                                   DIGITAL LIFESTYLES                                                                As digital technology becomes ever                                                                 more ingrained in consumers’ lives,                                                                shoppers are increasingly attracted to                                                                    digital solutions that make the                                                               purchasing experience easier and more                                                                convenient. As a result, our customers                                                                are moving towards digital platforms                                                                and other technologies that meet and                                                                        anticipate those needs.   12         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                                                                                  GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                             CCEP’S RESPONSE              DEMAND FOR                                     CHANGING CUSTOMER              TRANSPARENCY                                   ENVIRONMENT                                           STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL  We’re committed to providing clear,            We’re making major investments in our  transparent information about                  customer service model, improving the  ingredients, nutrition and portion sizes       way we segment our customers to align  on our packaging, as well as on our            more closely with consumer behaviour.  website. We also publish information           We’re also focused on increasing the  about us and our performance through           efﬁciency of our sales force by investing   regular disclosures such as this report.       in technology, particularly in the away                           INFORMATION  OTHER                                                from home channel.                                                             EVOLVING               SUSTAINABILITY                                                            CONSUMER NEEDS Through our sustainability action plan,        We’re diversifying our drinks portfolio and  This is Forward, we’re taking action on the    packaging. As well as reinvigorating our  sustainability areas where we know we          core drinks categories through product  can have the most impact. This includes        innovation and new recipes, we’re also  aiming to collect all of our packaging and     expanding our presence in exciting new  reducing the sugar in our drinks.              areas such as ready to drink organic teas                                                 and coffees.                                      DIGITAL                                       LIFESTYLES                          We’re working closely with our customers                          to share our insights into how digital                          technology is shaping consumer                          behaviour and blurring traditional sales                          channels. To reﬂect these changes, we’re                          also investing in technology to better                          serve our customers and employees,                          drive efﬁciencies and become a more                          digital ready business.                                      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 13

OUR STRATEGY   Our business decisions are guided                                      for delivering our strategy, ensuring  by ﬁve key strategic imperatives.                                      we increase shareholder value return  Together, they give us a framework                                     over the long term.                                                                           Our customers are at the heart of our business. We’re focused                                                                         on creating long-term value for them through world class and                                 CUSTOMER AND                            segmented execution. We do this by getting the right drinks in the                                                                         right packs in the right place – and by being a company that’s easy                                 EXECUTION CENTRIC                       to do business with.                                                                           We’ll capture top line revenue growth opportunities by adapting to                                 TOP LINE                                our changing market, and anticipating and meeting the evolving needs                                 REVENUE GROWTH                          of customers and consumers. This will create sustainable value.                                                                          We’ll be competitive in everything we do – in the market, our                                 FUTURE                                  cost base and our supply chain – investing in technologies and                                                                         encouraging agile ways of working that will drive efﬁciencies                                 COMPETITIVENESS                         across every part of our business.                                                                          Our strategy is underpinned by This is Forward, our sustainability                                 SUSTAINABILITY AND                      action plan. Through the plan, we’ll address key global                                                                         sustainability issues where we know we can make a difference,                                 STAKEHOLDER EQUITY                      in line with the priorities and concerns of our stakeholders.                                                                          We’ll nurture a diverse, modern workplace where everyone’s                                                                         experience is valued, and where people are empowered to succeed.                                                                         Our culture is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit that the ﬁrst                                 CULTURE AND                             Coca-Cola bottlers in Europe embodied. This drives us to                                                                         move quickly, have a passion for growth and a commitment                                 CAPABILITY                              to our customers. We also strive to listen to, and care about,                                                                         our stakeholders and their views.   14        Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                                                                                                                  GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE    We’ll transform our route to market, targeting the customer  segments with the biggest opportunity for growth. We’ll also be  more sophisticated in deciding which drink should be in which   outlet to meet the need for speciﬁc occasions, particularly in                                                                                   STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL the away from home environment.   We’ll continue to put the right focus on value over volume, for  example, through our small size premium packs. We’ll evolve our  portfolio in line with what consumers want, offering great drinks                         INCREASED                                              INFORMATION  OTHER for every taste and occasion. And we’ll strengthen our presence   in the growing away from home channel.                                                    SHAREHOLDER                                                                                            VALUE RETURN That includes accelerating our digital transformation, as well  as optimising the way we work together across our business  (for example, through our shared service centre). It also means  enhancing our relationships with our supply chain partners to                             –  DELIVER ON OUR GUIDANCE improve productivity and ﬂexibility.                                                                                           –  DRIVE ORGANIC REVENUE &                                                                                              PROFIT GROWTH                                                                                           –  ACCELERATE CASH GENERATION                                                                                           –  DELEVERAGE                                                                                           –  INVEST IN MARGIN   That includes continuing to offer more choice and less sugar in our                                                                                              ENHANCING PROJECTS drinks, making sure our packaging doesn’t end up as litter or in the  oceans, and being a force for good in our communities.                                    –  SEEK ATTRACTIVE INORGANIC                                                                                              GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES IN                                                                                               LINE WITH STRATEGY                                                                                                SEE OUR PERFORMANCE INDICATORS                                                                                                ON PAGE 1 We’ll continue to invest in building an inclusive culture and a safe,  ethical working environment. We’ll also support our people by  investing in tools and technologies, as well as programmes and  initiatives that develop capabilities and talent. At all times we will  act fairly and with integrity in our business relationships.                                                                       Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 15

BUSINESS MODEL   Our stakeholders are part of our business and play a vital  role in our success at every stage in our value chain. From the  suppliers who provide our raw ingredients, to the communities  where we operate and the employees who make and sell our  products, we seek to work together with our stakeholders to  grow sustainably.      We engage with our stakeholders     regularly to understand their views      on the issues that matter most to     them and how best to work together                                                                SOURCE RAW      towards our common goals. By                                                                      MATERIALS    listening closely to our stakeholders,     we ensure their insights shape our     business strategy.     This is Forward                                                                             OUR SUPPLIERS    Our stakeholders want us to address                                                                                                 We work with a network of about 19,000     the social and environmental issues                                                                      WORK WITH                  suppliers across our markets. They supply     related to our business – including                                                                      TCCC AND OTHER             us with a wide range of commodities and     the level of sugar in our drinks and                                                                                                 services such as ingredients, packaging,     the impact of our packaging on the                               FRANCHISORS                                                                                                 energy, equipment, building and facilities,     environment. Their insights on these                                                                                                 ﬂeet and logistics services, sales and     issues are the foundation of our                                                                                                 marketing services, IT and telecoms      sustainability action plan, This is                                                                                                 and general administration.     Forward, which was developed in     consultation with our key stakeholders,                                                     How we engage    consumers and employees across               OUR                                            Through our supplier relationship     our markets.                                                                                management process, our procurement                                                                                                 teams engage regularly with suppliers      Throughout the year we discuss               FRANCHISORS                                    so we can build long-term relationships     our sustainability commitments               We conduct our business primarily              and work together on common     and progress with our stakeholders,          under agreements with TCCC                     objectives. This includes addressing     ensuring that their priorities               and a limited number of other                  key sustainability issues in areas such     continue to be reﬂected in our               franchisors. These agreements                  as reducing packaging waste and     plan as it develops.                         generally give us the exclusive right          responsible ingredient sourcing.                                                 to sell, distribute, and, in most                                                                                                 In 2018, we held a meeting in Berlin         FOR MORE ABOUT THIS IS FORWARD,          cases, make beverages in approved                                                                                                 with our key suppliers to discuss our        SEE PAGES 30 TO 39                        packaging in speciﬁed territories.                                                                                                sustainability strategy. The event brought                                                  How we engage                                  together key supply partners across all     Risk and governance                          CCEP has shared long-term growth               areas of our business and covered many     Our business model is supported by a         plans that enable us to create value           sustainability issues, with a particular     strong governance framework. We are          together with our franchisors. To              focus on sustainable packaging solutions,     mindful of the risks that could affect       ensure ongoing discussion, our                 water and energy.    our business, and comply with high           management regularly meets with     standards of corporate governance.           our franchisors at functional and                  FIND OUT WHAT WE’VE BEEN DOING TO                                                  sales and marketing levels. We                    IMPROVE SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY          FOR MORE ABOUT OUR APPROACH                                                       invite TCCC to present at our Board               ON PAGE 39       TO RISK, SEE PAGES 40 TO 43                                                 meetings on a regular basis.        OUR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE        REPORT BEGINS ON PAGE 57                      READ ABOUT OUR RELATIONSHIP                                                     WITH TCCC AND OTHER                                                     FRANCHISORS ON PAGE 174   16        Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGIC                          MAKE GREAT                         TASTING DRINKS                                                                                                                                                  GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE                                                            WORK CLOSELY WITH                                                           CUSTOMERS WHO SELL                                                               TO CONSUMERS                                                                                                              WORK WITH                                                                                                           PARTNERS, AIMING                                                                                                             TO COLLECT 100%                                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FINANCIAL                                                                                                           OF OUR PACKAGING                                                OUR CUSTOMERS                                                We strive to be our customers’ preferred                                                 partner and create value together by                                                 responding to changing consumer       DISTRIBUTE TO                             preferences and retail trends. Our                                                                 INFORMATION OTHER     OUR CUSTOMERS                              operating model is customer centric                                                 and focused on the front line. We aim                                                 to deliver the strongest execution              OUR                                                 and reach a broad range of outlets in                                                 the marketplace, all the while making  OUR EMPLOYEES                                  it easier to do business with us.               COMMUNITIES Our business depends on the employees          How we engage                                   We have a strong local heritage  who make, sell and distribute our              We are focused on our customers, with           and presence and we recognise the  products every day. We foster a diverse,       thousands of our employees calling              economic, social and environmental  inclusive and safe working environment,        on them every day. General Managers             impact our business has on these  where different perspectives are valued        regularly engage with customers, along          communities. We seek to make a  and where everyone has the training,           with senior members of the sales teams.         positive difference, helping to address  tools and opportunity to succeed.              We also engage with customers at an             the challenges our communities face                                                 international level through TCCC’s Global       by supporting local partnerships and  How we engage                                  Customer Commercial Leadership Group            grassroots initiatives. We make sure our employees have                where certain international customers                                                                                                 How we engage opportunities to voice their views –           request this single point of contact within                                                                                                 We invest in charitable and community  for example, through town hall meetings        the Coca-Cola system. This engagement                                                                                                  causes in all of our markets and  and employee engagement surveys.               is limited to our markets under strict                                                                                                  our employees regularly take part  We share information through our               legal protocols. intranet and other communication                                                               in volunteering activities to support  channels. Our management meets                 In 2018, we hosted a series of workshops        social initiatives in our communities.  regularly with works councils and trade        with our main customers in Spain and            This includes participation in litter  unions that represent our employees.           Belgium. During the sessions we discussed       clean ups and environmental activities  Through our Code of Conduct Speak Up           our strategy to expand our portfolio,           and in supporting young people to  channels, employees can seek advice            as well as our packaging commitments            gain the employability, skills and  and raise concerns.                            and progress.                                   confidence they need to succeed.        READ MORE ABOUT OUR PEOPLE                                                                    READ MORE ABOUT OUR COMMUNITY      AND CULTURE ON PAGES 18-19                                                                    SUPPORT WORK ON PAGES 34-35                                                                      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 17

OUR PEOPLE   Our success is determined by the hard work and passion of the people  who work at CCEP and we are grateful for everything they do. We employ  a huge range of talented people in a wide range of roles. Together, they  make CCEP a great company. We provide a supportive, safe and healthy  working environment where diversity is valued and people at every level  are empowered to succeed.                                                                Diversity and equal opportunities OUR PEOPLE STRATEGY                                         We believe that encouraging diversity of ideas, thinking                                                              and experience leads to better ways of working and better  TOWARDS THE END OF 2018 WE LAUNCHED A                       business results. We’re committed to building a diverse  NEW PEOPLE STRATEGY, WITH DIVERSITY AND                     workforce and encouraging an inclusive culture. This covers                                                              all areas of diversity, including gender, generations, cultural  INCLUSION ACTIONS FORMING A CORE PART                       diversity, disability and sexual orientation. OF THAT PLAN. THE STRATEGY WAS INFORMED                     As part of our This is Forward sustainability action plan,                                                              we have a target of ensuring that at least 40% of our  BY THE RESULTS OF OUR FIRST ENGAGEMENT                      management positions (middle management and above)                                                              are held by women by 2025. In 2018, 35.6% of management  SURVEY, CARRIED OUT IN JUNE 2018. WE WILL                   positions were held by women. REPORT ON THIS STRATEGY NEXT YEAR.                          CCEP is an equal opportunities employer. We make decisions                                                              about recruitment, promotion, training and other                                                              employment issues solely on the grounds of individual                                                              ability, achievement, expertise and conduct. We don’t                                                              discriminate on the basis of gender, gender identity, race,                                                              colour, religion, ethnicity, cultural heritage, age, social                                                              background, mental or physical ability or disability, national                                                              origin, sexual orientation or any other reason not related to                                                              job performance or prohibited by applicable law.                                                                  FIND OUT MORE IN OUR SUSTAINABILITY SECTION                                                                  ON PAGE 34 18      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                             We encourage constructive and meaningful dialogue with                                                               employees. During consultation, employee representatives                                                               have the opportunity to ask questions, share views and                                                               propose alternatives to proposals before management                                                               takes a ﬁnal decision.                                                              Workplace health and safety                                                              We’re committed to providing our employees with a safe and     REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                              healthy work environment that safeguards their mental and                                                               physical wellbeing. To support this objective, we have a                                                               strong health and safety programme that aims to reduce our                                                               incident level to zero.                                                               In cases where employees are injured or have other mental                                                               or physical health issues during employment with CCEP, we                                                               make any adjustments to their duties and working                                                               environment that are necessary to support their recovery                                                               and continued employment.  Training and developing talent                               Information about our safety performance and incident          REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Across our business, we have a number of training            rates will be available on our website from April 2019. programmes and systems to support our people and develop         READ THE FULL DETAILS ON   talent at every level of our organisation. These include our    WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/07-1-OUR-EMPLOYEES Accelerate Performance working sessions, as well as tools to  identify talent and growth potential among our employees.    Community support                                                              As part of our support for our local communities, we also  From 2019, we will introduce several new training and                                                               encourage our employees to take part in a wide range of  learning platforms as part of our new people strategy.                                                                volunteering activities connected to our sustainability        STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Beneﬁts                                                      commitments, such as litter pick ups, charity sports events  Beneﬁts are available to all employees and vary according    or youth mentoring schemes. to the employee’s country and level in the organisation.                                                                   READ MORE ABOUT OUR SUPPORT FOR   They can include medical or dental insurance, life insurance,   OUR LOCAL COMMUNITIES ON PAGE 35 eyecare vouchers, holiday time and leave packages to cover  sickness, the birth of a child, bereavement or a long-term  illness in the family. Depending on the country, level and  grade, pension plans and stock purchase plans are also                                                                      INFORMATION  OTHER offered to employees.  Share ownership Some of our employees take part in incentive programmes  or share ownership schemes that are tied to CCEP’s           WORKFORCE DIVERSITY IN 2018 performance. This gives them a direct interest in the Group’s  results. See page 171 for more details.                      Total employees               Leadership                                                                (Including part-time employees) (including Executive Leadership  In Great Britain, we offer an Employee Share Plan (ESP). This                              Team – senior manager grade)(A) offers a tax efﬁcient mechanism for employees to become  shareholders through salary sacriﬁce arrangements. Around  66% of eligible employees took part in the ESP as at            24.2%                                                                                              35.6% 31 December 2018.                                                                                                    64.4% Communication                                                       75.8% Good communication is an essential part of building  a motivated, engaged workforce. We’re committed to  communicating clearly and transparently with our               17,672    5,638               1,376    759 employees and their representatives.                                                              Board of Directors            Directors of subsidiary companies(A) Everyone at CCEP has access to news and information about  us in local languages through intranet sites, printed  materials and meetings with management. Our                      17.6%                         22.2% management updates employees on both CCEP’s overall  and local performance through these channels, as well as  through our published results.                                     82.4%                           77.8% CCEP also meets regularly with European, national and  local works councils and trade unions that represent our  employees. When required, we consult with employees and        14    3                       56     16 their representatives to discuss proposed measures before      Male   Female  making decisions.                                            (A)  13 female and 37 male directors of subsidiary companies are also included                                                                 in the workforce diversity ﬁgures for leadership.                                                           Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 19

OPERATING WITH INTEGRITY    We live up to our responsibilities as a   business by being accountable, ethical   and aware of the risks in everything we do.                                                                Corporate governance                                                              We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards                                                               of corporate governance and public access to information                                                               about our company.                                                              CCEP has a robust corporate governance structure with a                                                               Board of Directors overseeing the interests of all stakeholders.                                                               Of the ﬁve committees that support the Board, the Corporate                                                               Social Responsibility Committee oversees our sustainability                                                               strategy while the Audit Committee oversees the enterprise                                                               risk management and ethics and compliance programmes.                                                                   FOR MORE ABOUT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AT CCEP,                                                                   SEE PAGES 57 TO 66                                                                   FOR DETAILS ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE,                                                                   VISIT WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/04-OPERATING-WITH-INTEGRITY                                                               Ethics and compliance                                                              Our ethics and compliance programme ensures we are                                                               conducting our operations in a lawful and ethical manner.                                                               The programme is applicable to our employees, our ofﬁcers                                                               and our Directors. It also supports how we work with our                                                               customers, suppliers and third parties.    20      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC   CODE OF CONDUCT REPORTS BY TYPE                                                                                                        Number      %(A)                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                      Avoiding conﬂicts of interest                                           3       3                                       Creating an inclusive and respectful workplace                        29      27                                       Dealing fairly with customers, business partners and suppliers         6       6                                      Delivering high quality products                                       10       9                                      Integrity of our business records(B)                                   38      35                                      Protecting information                                                  1       1                                        Respecting global and local laws and customs                           1       1      STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                       Using our assets responsibly – ﬁnancial                                1       1                                       Using our assets responsibly – non-ﬁnancial                            4       4                                       Working in a safe and healthy environment                             14      13                                    Grand total                                                             107                                    Number of employees resigned or dismissed                                35                                     Number of disciplined employees still employed(C)                        40              INFORMATION  OTHER  (A) Percentage versus overall reports. (B)  Not limited only to our ﬁnancial records. Business records include records such as payroll, timecards, travel and expense reports, job applications, quality reports, ﬁeld sales measures,    customer agreements and inventory and sales reports. (C) Some cases involve more than one employee.  Code of Conduct                                              Raising concerns Our Code of Conduct (CoC) ensures that we act with integrity Any employee who wishes to raise concerns about  and accountability in all of our business dealings and       wrongdoing at CCEP can do so in a number of different ways,  relationships, in compliance with all applicable laws,       including contacting a line manager or through our dedicated  regulations and policies.                                    Speak Up channels. CCEP does not tolerate any form of                                                               retaliation against anyone for making a genuine report or for  We expect everyone working at CCEP to adhere to the CoC.                                                               cooperating in an investigation. We also expect all third parties who work on our behalf to  act in an ethical manner consistent with our CoC.                FOR MORE DETAIL, SEE OUR AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT ON                                                                   PAGES 71 TO 75 The new CoC for CCEP was launched in 2018. As at              1 31 December 2018, it had been formally adopted in all the    Respect for human rights territories in which we operate, as well as our shared service We consider human and workplace rights to be inviolable  centre in Bulgaria. All employees are required to do CoC     and fundamental to our sustainability as a business. We are  training, including as part of the induction process for new committed to ensuring that everyone working throughout our  employees. Training on speciﬁc topics related to their roles is operations and within our supply chain is treated with dignity  also provided where needed. All people managers receive a    and respect. Our principles regarding human rights are set out  CoC guide that addresses their responsibilities. This includes in our CoC and further detail is provided in our Human Rights  a matrix to help with decision making and guidance on        Policy, which is based on accepted international standards  situations such as bullying and harassment.                  such as the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business  Preventing bribery and corruption                            and Human Rights. We aim to prevent all forms of bribery and corruption in our We have a zero tolerance approach to modern slavery of any  business dealings. Our CoC sets out our principles and       kind within our operations and supply chain. This includes all  standards to prevent bribery and corruption, including conﬂicts forms of forced labour and any form of human trafﬁcking. of interest and the exchange of gifts and entertainment.                                                                  FOR MORE ON OUR APPROACH TO HUMAN RIGHTS AND MODERN      SEE THE COC AT IR.CCEP.COM/CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE/            SLAVERY, SEE OUR SUSTAINABILITY SECTION ON PAGE 39    CODE-OF-CONDUCT                                                          Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 21

BUSINESS AND   FINANCIAL REVIEW  Our business CCEP is the world’s largest independent Coca-Cola bottler by revenue, operating in 13 countries in Western Europe and  employing around 23,300 people. We are proud of our strong heritage in Western Europe, and as CCEP, we are establishing  a compelling track record and platform for proﬁtable growth through our combined experience, scale and reach. In two years, we’ve enhanced our position as a leader in one of the largest consumer goods sectors in some of Europe’s most  signiﬁcant markets. Note regarding the presentation of non-GAAP ﬁnancial information We use certain alternative performance measures (non-GAAP performance measures) to make ﬁnancial, operating and  planning decisions and to evaluate and report performance. We believe these measures provide useful information to  investors and, as such, where clearly identiﬁed, we have included certain alternative performance measures in this document  to allow investors to better analyse our business performance and allow for greater comparability. To do so, we have excluded  items affecting the comparability of period over period ﬁnancial performance as described below. The alternative performance  measures included herein should be read in conjunction with and do not replace the directly reconcilable GAAP measure. For purposes of this document, the following terms are deﬁned: ‘‘As reported’’ are results extracted directly from our consolidated ﬁnancial statements. ‘‘Comparable’’ is deﬁned as results excluding items impacting comparability, such as restructuring charges, Merger and  integration related costs, out of period mark-to-market impact of hedges, litigation provisions and net tax items relating  to rate and law changes. Comparable volume is also adjusted for selling days. ‘‘Fx-neutral’’ is deﬁned as comparable results excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate changes. Foreign exchange  impact is calculated by recasting current year results at prior year exchange rates. ‘‘Free cash ﬂow’’ is deﬁned as net cash ﬂows from operations, less capital expenditures and net interest paid, plus proceeds  from sales of property, plant and equipment. Free cash ﬂow is used as a measure of the Group’s cash generation from operating  activities, taking into account investments in property, plant and equipment and non-discretionary interest payments. ‘‘ROIC’’ is deﬁned as comparable operating proﬁt after tax divided by the average of opening and closing invested capital for  the year. Invested capital is calculated as the addition of borrowings and equity less cash and cash equivalents. ROIC is used  as a measure of capital efﬁciency and reﬂects how well the Group generates comparable operating proﬁt relative to the  capital invested in the business. ‘‘Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA’’ Net Debt is deﬁned as the net of cash and cash equivalents less currency adjusted  borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA), after  adding back items impacting the comparability of year over year ﬁnancial performance. Adjusted EBITDA does not reﬂect our  cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments. Further, Adjusted EBITDA  does not reﬂect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs, and although depreciation and amortisation  are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortised are likely to be replaced in the future and Adjusted EBITDA  does not reﬂect cash requirements for such replacements. The ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA is used by investors,  analysts and credit rating agencies to analyse our operating performance in the context of targeted ﬁnancial leverage. “Dividend Payout Ratio” is deﬁned as dividends as a proportion of comparable proﬁt after tax.   22      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Additionally, within this Integrated Report, we provide certain forward-looking non-GAAP ﬁnancial information, which  management uses for planning and measuring performance. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP  measures to reported measures without unreasonable efforts because it is not possible to predict with a reasonable  degree of certainty the actual impact or exact timing of items that may impact comparability throughout 2019. Unless otherwise stated, percentage amounts are rounded to the nearest 0.5% within this section.                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2018                         REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                           € million                       % change vs prior year Key ﬁnancial measures(A) Unaudited, fx impact calculated by recasting current year results                                            Comparable   at prior year rates                             As reported Comparable Fx-impact As reported Comparable Fx-impact fx-neutral Revenue                                            11,518    11,518       (60)     4.0%      4.0%     (0.5)%     4.5% Cost of sales                                       7,060     7,029       (37)     4.5%      4.5%     (0.5)%     5.0% Operating expenses                                  3,158     2,907       (16)     4.0%      2.5%     (0.5)%     3.0% Operating proﬁt                                     1,300     1,582        (7)     3.0%      7. 0 %   (0.5)%      7.5% Proﬁt after taxes                                    909      1,120        (4)    32.0%      8.0%     (0.5)%     8.5% Diluted earnings per share (€)                       1.86      2.30       —       32.0%      8.5%       —%       8.5%  (A)  See Supplementary ﬁnancial information – income statement section for reconciliation of As reported to Comparable ﬁnancial information.                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Financial highlights • Reported revenue totalled €11.5 billion, up 4.0% versus prior year, or up 4.5% on an fx-neutral basis. Comparable volume    decreased 1.0% while revenue per unit case increased 5.5%. • Reported operating proﬁt was €1.3 billion, up 3.0%. Comparable operating proﬁt was €1.6 billion, up 7.0%, or up 7.5%    on a comparable and fx-neutral basis. • Reported diluted earnings per share were €1.86 or €2.30 on a comparable and fx-neutral basis, up 8.5%. • Net cash ﬂows from operating activities were €1.8 billion. Full year free cash ﬂow* was €1.1 billion. • Executed €500 million share buyback. Annual dividend of €1.06 per share, an increase of 26.0% from 2017.                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL *  Refer to Liquidity and capital management section for a reconciliation between net cash ﬂows from operating activities and free cash ﬂow.  Operational review After our ﬁrst two years as CCEP, we continue to build a company based on three pillars: great beverages, great service  and great people. In particular, our great people have delivered on our Merger commitments while continuing to build for  the future. Our 2018 results demonstrate this momentum, reﬂecting our ongoing focus on driving proﬁtable revenue growth  through strong price and mix realisation and solid in market execution.                                                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER Key operating proﬁt factors during the year included solid revenue growth on a comparable and fx-neutral basis driven by  strong revenue per unit case growth. This was partially offset by a 1.0% decline in volume as favourable weather in Great  Britain, Germany and Northern Europe over the summer months was not enough to compensate for softer trading in Spain and  France, certain strategic portfolio and pricing initiatives, as well as the impact of new soft drinks taxes. Comparable operating  margins improved as we broadly maintained our gross margin and continued to realise post-Merger synergy beneﬁts. Reported operating proﬁt totalled €1.3 billion, up 3.0% versus prior year. Comparable operating proﬁt was €1.6 billion, up 7.0%  on a comparable basis, or up 7.5% on a comparable and fx-neutral basis. Full year 2018 diluted earnings per share were €1.86  on a reported basis, or €2.30 on a comparable basis.                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 23

BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  Revenue Revenue totalled €11.5 billion, up 4.0% versus prior year, or up 4.5% on an fx-neutral basis. Full year 2018 revenue per unit  case grew 5.5% on a comparable and fx-neutral basis beneﬁting approximately 2.5% from the impact of incremental soft  drinks taxes. Volume decreased 1.0% on a comparable basis.  Revenue                                                                             Year ended In millions of €, except per case data which is calculated prior to rounding 31 December 2018 31 December 2017 % change As reported                                                                       11,518         11,062          4.0% Adjust: Total items impacting comparability(A)                                       —              (7)          —% Comparable(B)                                                                     11,518         11,055          4.0% Adjust: Impact of fx changes                                                         60            n/a          (0.5)% Comparable & fx-neutral                                                           11,578         11,055          4.5% Revenue per unit case(C)                                                            4.64           4.41          5.5%  (A)  See Supplementary ﬁnancial information – income statement.  (B)  The change in revenue includes the impact of 2018 incremental sugar and excise taxes in Belgium, France, Great Britain and Norway of 2.5%. (C)  The change in revenue per unit case includes the impact of 2018 incremental sugar and excise taxes in Belgium, France, Great Britain and Norway of 2.5%.   On a territory basis in 2018, Iberia revenues were down 1.0% with volume in Spain negatively impacted by unseasonably cold  summer weather and weaker tourism trends. Revenue in Germany was up 5.5%. This was driven by of solid growth in glass  and cans, as well as the continued beneﬁt from scaling back on large multi pack promotions, which helped drive strong  revenue per unit case gains throughout the year. Revenue in Great Britain grew 12.5% supported by underlying gains in  revenue per unit case reﬂecting improved promotional effectiveness as well as the impact of the incremental soft drinks  taxes. Volume growth in Great Britain was supported by favourable weather and strong execution. Revenue in France was  down 1.5% for the year as a result of business disruption from customer negotiations as we focus on price realisation and  the reduction of promotional activity. Revenue in the Northern European territories (Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands,  Norway, Sweden and Iceland) was up 6.5%, mainly driven by strong volume gains given favourable weather trends over the  summer months led by the Netherlands and Belgium.                                                                                      Year ended                                                                            31 December 2018 31 December 2017   Revenue  Revenue by geography                                                            % of total     % of total     % change Spain/Portugal/Andorra(A)                                                         23.0%          24.5%          (1.0)% Germany                                                                           20.5%          20.0%           5.5% Great Britain                                                                     20.0%          18.5%          12.5% France/Monaco                                                                     15.5%          16.5%          (1.5)% Belgium/Luxembourg                                                                 8.5%           8.0%           7. 0 % Netherlands                                                                        5.0%           5.0%          10.5% Norway                                                                             3.5%           3.5%           6.0% Sweden                                                                             3.0%           3.0%           3.5% Iceland                                                                            1.0%           1.0%          (4.0)% Total                                                                            100.0%         100.0%           4.0%  (A)  Spain/Portugal/Andorra is also referred to as Iberia.  Comparable volume – selling day shift                                               Year ended In millions of unit cases, prior period volume recast using current year selling days(A) 31 December 2018 31 December 2017 % change Volume                                                                             2,493          2,510         (0.5)% Impact of selling day shift                                                          n/a            10            n/a Comparable volume – selling day shift adjusted                                     2,493          2,520         (1.0)%  (A)  A unit case equals approximately 5.678 litres or 24 eight ounce servings, a typical volume measure used in our industry.   24      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

On a brand basis volume for full year 2018, volume of sparkling brands decreased 0.5%. Coca-Cola trademark brands  declined by 1.5%, where a decline in Coca-Cola Classic offset the growth in Coca-Cola Zero Sugar. Sparkling ﬂavours and  energy grew 3.5%, supported by solid performances from Fanta, Schweppes and energy brands. Still brands declined 5.0%  driven by a decline of 6.5% in juices, isotonics and other, as well as a 3.0% decline in water. This mainly reﬂects portfolio  decisions in the ready to drink tea and water categories.                                                                                     Year ended   Comparable volume by brand category                                        31 December 2018 31 December 2017    Volume      REPORT  STRATEGIC Adjusted for selling day shift                                                   % of total     % of total     % change Sparkling                                                                          85.5%          85.0%         (0.5)% Coca-Cola trademark                                                                63.0%         63.5%          (1.5)% Sparkling ﬂavours and energy                                                       22.5%          21.5%          3.5% Stills                                                                             14.5%          15.0%         (5.0)% Juice, isotonics and other                                                          7.5%          8.0%          (6.5)% Water                                                                               7. 0 %         7. 0 %       (3.0)% Total                                                                             100.0%         100.0%         (1.0)% Cost of sales Reported cost of sales were €7.1 billion, up 4.5% versus prior year. Comparable cost of sales were €7.0 billion, up 4.5%, or up   5.0% on a comparable and fx-neutral basis. Cost of sales per unit case increased 5.5% on a comparable and fx-neutral basis. REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE This reﬂects brand mix, higher concentrate costs through the incidence pricing model given strong revenue per unit case  growth, as well as approximately 4.0% from the impact of incremental soft drinks taxes.  Cost of sales                                                                       Year ended In millions of €, except per case data which is calculated prior to rounding 31 December 2018 31 December 2017 % change As reported                                                                        7,060          6,772          4.5% Adjust: Total items impacting comparability(A)                                       (31)           (33)          —% Comparable(B)                                                                      7,029          6,739          4.5%   Adjust: Impact of fx changes                                                          37            n/a         (0.5)%      STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Comparable & fx-neutral                                                            7,066          6,739          5.0% Cost of sales per unit case(C)                                                      2.83           2.69          5.5%  (A)  See Supplementary ﬁnancial information – income statement. (B)  The change in cost of sales includes the impact of 2018 incremental sugar and excise taxes in Belgium, France, Great Britain and Norway of 4.0%. (C)  The change in cost of sales per unit case includes the impact of 2018 incremental sugar and excise taxes in Belgium, France, Great Britain and Norway of 4.0%.  Operating expenses Reported operating expenses were €3.2 billion, up 4.0% versus prior year. Comparable operating expenses were €2.9 billion,  INFORMATION  OTHER up 2.5% on a comparable basis, or up 3.0% on a comparable and fx-neutral basis. This reﬂects our continued investments  for the future partially offset by synergy beneﬁts and a continued focus on managing expenses.  Operating expenses                                                                   Year ended In millions of € except % change                                           31 December 2018 31 December 2017  % Change As reported                                                                        3,158          3,030          4.0% Adjust: Total items impacting comparability(A)                                      (251)          (192)        (1.5)% Comparable                                                                         2,907          2,838          2.5% Adjust: Impact of fx changes                                                          16            n/a         (0.5)% Comparable & fx-neutral                                                            2,923          2,838          3.0%  (A)  See Supplementary ﬁnancial information – income statement.  Restructuring and synergy programme During the full year 2018, we recognised restructuring charges totalling €274 million. These charges principally relate  to restructuring activities under our integration and synergy programme, supply chain site consolidation in Great Britain  and Iberia and other initiatives in Iberia and Germany.                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 25

BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  Financial position                                                                                                      As at In millions of €                                                                         31 December 2018 31 December 2017 Assets Non-current assets                                                                               15,225         14,880 Current assets                                                                                    2,991          3,314 Total assets                                                                                     18,216         18,194 Liabilities Non-current liabilities                                                                           7,860          8,222 Current liabilities                                                                               3,792          3,287 Total liabilities                                                                                11,652         11,509 Total equity                                                                                      6,564          6,685 Total equity and liabilities                                                                     18,216         18,194  Total non-current assets increased €345 million, or 2.5%, from €14.9 billion at 31 December 2017 to €15.2 billion at  31 December 2018. This change was driven by a reclassiﬁcation from current assets of €318 million relating to VAT receivables  in Iberia, see Note 21 of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for further details. Property, plant and equipment had a net  increase of €51 million primarily due to higher capital investments year on year, net of depreciation charges and disposals. Total current assets decreased €323 million, or 9.5%, from €3.3 billion at 31 December 2017 to €3.0 billion at 31 December 2018,  mainly driven by a reclassiﬁcation to non-current assets of €318 million relating to VAT receivables in Iberia and by working  capital movements. Total non-current liabilities decreased by €362 million, or 4.5%, from €8.2 billion at 31 December 2017 to €7.9 billion at  31 December 2018. This change was mainly driven by the decrease in borrowings due to early repayments of €424 million,  reclassiﬁcation of maturing borrowings to current from non-current of €349 million, partially offset by the issuance of a  €400 million Eurobond in November 2018. Total current liabilities increased by €505 million, or 15.5%, from €3.3 billion at 31 December 2017 to €3.8 billion at  31 December 2018. This change was primarily driven by the €349 million borrowing reclassiﬁcation explained above,  an increase of €295 million in trade and other payables driven by working capital movements and increased tax liabilities  arising from the incremental effect of sugar and excise tax changes enacted during 2018. This was partially offset by a  decrease in commercial paper outstanding of €130 million. Return on invested capital ROIC is used as a measure of capital efﬁciency and reﬂects how well the Group generates comparable operating proﬁt  relative to the capital invested in the business. For the year ended 31 December 2018, ROIC has increased by 90 basis points  to 9.9%, driven by comparable operating proﬁt growth as well as the reduction in our invested capital from debt repayments  and the share buyback programme.  ROIC                                                                                               Year ended In millions of €                                                                         31 December 2018 31 December 2017 Comparable operating proﬁt(A)                                                                     1,582          1,478 Taxes(B)                                                                                           (391)         (368) Comparable operating proﬁt after tax                                                              1,191          1,110 Opening borrowings less cash and cash equivalents                                                 5,388          6,051 Opening equity                                                                                    6,685          6,461 Opening invested capital                                                                         12,073         12,512 Closing borrowings less cash and cash equivalents                                                 5,309          5,388 Closing equity                                                                                    6,564          6,685 Closing invested capital                                                                         11,873         12,073 Average invested capital                                                                         11,973         12,293 ROIC                                                                                              9.9%           9.0%  (A) Reconciliation from reported operating proﬁt to comparable operating proﬁt is included in the Supplementary ﬁnancial information – income statement. (B)  Tax rate used is the comparable effective tax rate for the year.   26      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Liquidity and capital management Liquidity Liquidity risk is actively managed to ensure we have sufﬁcient funds to satisfy our commitments as they fall due. Our sources  of capital include, but are not limited to, cash ﬂows from operating activities, public and private issuances of debt securities  and bank borrowings. We believe our operating cash ﬂow, cash on hand and available short-term and long-term capital  resources are sufﬁcient to fund our working capital requirements, scheduled borrowing payments, interest payments,    capital expenditures, beneﬁt plan contributions, income tax obligations and dividends to shareholders. Counterparties       REPORT  STRATEGIC and instruments used to hold cash and cash equivalents are continuously assessed, with a focus on preservation of capital  and liquidity. The Group has amounts available for borrowing under a €1.5 billion multi currency credit facility with a syndicate of ten  banks. This credit facility was extended in 2018 and now matures in 2023 and is for general corporate purposes and  supporting the Group’s working capital needs. Based on information currently available, there is no indication that the  ﬁnancial institutions participating in this facility would be unable to fulﬁl their commitments to the Group as at the date  of this report. Our current credit facility contains no ﬁnancial covenants that would impact its liquidity or  access to capital. As at 31 December 2018, we had no amounts drawn under this credit facility. Free cash ﬂow generation increased during the year, with €1.1 billion generated in the year, up 8.5% from 2017. This was  driven by improved cash ﬂows generated from operations, reﬂecting our continued focus on working capital initiatives, which  resulted in beneﬁts of over €300 million throughout 2018. This was partly offset by cash payments related to restructuring  REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE programmes. We continue to invest in capital expenditure programmes to improve operating capacity demonstrated by  purchases of property, plant and equipment increasing to €525 million during the year.  Free cash ﬂow                                                                                      Year ended In millions of €                                                                          31 December 2018 31 December 2017 Net cash ﬂows from operating activities                                                           1,806          1,623 Less: Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                   (525)          (484) Less: Purchases of capitalised software                                                             (75)           (36)                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Less: Interest paid, net                                                                            (81)           (94) Add: Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment                                            4             32 Free cash ﬂow                                                                                     1,129          1,041  Capital management The primary objective of our capital management strategy is to ensure strong ratings and to maintain appropriate capital  ratios to support our business and maximise shareholder value. Our credit ratings are periodically reviewed by rating   agencies and currently, our long-term ratings continue to be investment grade with stable outlook. Changes in the operating INFORMATION  OTHER results, cash ﬂows or ﬁnancial position could impact the ratings assigned by ratings agencies. We regularly assess debt  and equity capital levels against our stated policy for capital structure. Our capital structure is managed and, as appropriate,  adjusted in light of changes in economic conditions and our ﬁnancial policy.  Net debt                                               As at                               Credit ratings In millions of €                            31 December 2018 31 December 2017 As at 12 March 2019 Moody’s Standard & Poor’s Total borrowings                                    5,618          5,748  Long-term rating     A3           BBB+ Add: fx impact of non-euro borrowings                 24             66   Outlook            Stable         Stable Adjusted total borrowings                           5,642          5,814  Note: Our credit ratings can be materially inﬂuenced by a                                                                            number of factors including, but not limited to, acquisitions,  Less: Cash and cash equivalents                      (309)          (360) investment decisions and working capital management  Net debt                                            5,333          5,454  activities of TCCC and/or changes in the credit rating of                                                                            TCCC. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or                                                                            hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal                                                                            at any time.  The ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA is used by investors, analysts and credit rating agencies to analyse our operating  performance in the context of targeted ﬁnancial leverage, and so we provide a reconciliation of this measure. Net debt  enables investors to see the economic effect of total borrowings, related foreign exchange impact and cash and cash  equivalents in total. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as EBITDA, after adding back items impacting the comparability of year  over year ﬁnancial performance. Adjusted EBITDA does not reﬂect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual  commitments. Further, Adjusted EBITDA does not reﬂect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs  and, although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortised are likely  to be replaced in the future and Adjusted EBITDA does not reﬂect cash requirements for such replacements.                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 27

BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                    Year ended In millions of €                                                                         31 December 2018 31 December 2017 Reported proﬁt after tax                                                                           909            688 Taxes                                                                                              296            471 Finance costs, net                                                                                  93            100 Non-operating items                                                                                  2              1 Reported operating proﬁt                                                                          1,300          1,260 Depreciation and amortisation                                                                      512            490 Reported EBITDA                                                                                   1,812          1,750 Items impacting comparability: Mark-to-market effects(A)                                                                            8             (6) Restructuring charges(B)                                                                           259            218 Merger effects(C)                                                                                   —             (20) Merger and integration related costs(D)                                                             —               4 Litigation provision(E)                                                                             —               5 Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                   2,079          1,951 Net debt to EBITDA                                                                                 2.94           3.12 Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA                                                                        2.57          2.80  (A)  Amounts represent the net out of period mark-to-market impact of non-designated commodity hedges. (B)  Amounts represent restructuring charges related to business transformation activities, excluding accelerated depreciation included in the depreciation and    amortisation line. (C)  Adjustments to reﬂect ﬁnal acquisition accounting related adjustments in connection with the Merger to form CCEP. (D)  Amounts represent costs associated with the Merger to form CCEP. (E)  Amount represents a provision recorded for ongoing litigation.  Dividends During the year ended 31 December 2018, we made dividend payments totalling €513 million (2017: €489 million), comprising  four quarterly dividends totalling €1.06 per share and representing an increase of 26% compared to the previous year. Going forward from 2019 onwards, there will be two interim dividend payments instead of four quarterly dividend payments.  The ﬁrst half interim dividend (if declared) will be announced with the ﬁrst quarter trading update in April, with payment  in June. The second half interim dividend will be announced with the third quarter trading update in October, with payment  in December. We expect our 2019 dividend payout ratio to be approximately 50%. Share buyback In September 2018, we announced a €1.5 billion share buyback programme to reduce the share capital of CCEP. The buyback  programme began in September 2018 and €500 million of shares were repurchased by the end of 2018. CCEP intends to  continue with the buyback programme, repurchasing shares of up to €1 billion in 2019. The value of the programme may be  adjusted depending on economic, operating, or other factors, including acquisition opportunities.  Looking forward* For 2019, CCEP expects: • Revenue growth in the low single digit range excluding the impact of incremental soft drinks taxes of approximately 1.0%(A) •  Cost of sales per unit case growth of approximately 2.5% excluding the impact of incremental soft drinks taxes of    approximately 1.5%(A) • Operating proﬁt growth between 67%(A) • Comparable tax rate of approximately 25% • Diluted earnings per share growth of between 1011% (A)(B) • Share buyback of up to €1 billion • Free cash ﬂow in the range of €1 billion to €1.1 billion • Capital expenditures of approximately €525 million to €575 million • ROIC to improve by approximately 40 basis points  *  Refer to Note regarding the presentation of non-GAAP ﬁnancial information for further details about these measures. (A)  On a comparable and fx-neutral basis. (B)  Diluted earnings per share growth assumes share buybacks of €1 billion in 2019.  Intention to seek admission to trading on London Stock Exchange and to delist from Euronext London CCEP gave notice on 14 February 2019 of its intention to transfer its existing admission to trading on the market of  Euronext London to the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (the Transfer). Its decision to delist from Euronext London  and apply for admission to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange is in an effort to improve market access  for investors and enhance liquidity. It is expected that CCEP’s shares will be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the  London Stock Exchange on 28 March 2019 and that delisting of the shares from Euronext London will occur from 29 March 2019.   28      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Supplementary ﬁnancial information – income statement The following provides a summary reconciliation of CCEP’s reported and comparable results for the full years ended  31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017:                                              As reported                                 Items impacting comparability                                   Comparable Full year 2018                                                                 Mark-to-  Unaudited, in millions of € except per share                                     market                  Restructuring                       Net tax data which is calculated prior to rounding                                       effects(A)                   charges(B)                       items(F)        CCEP  Revenue                                           11,518                             —                              —                             —          11,518           REPORT  STRATEGIC Cost of sales                                      7,060                              (7)                          (24)                           —            7,029 Gross proﬁt                                        4,458                               7                           24                             —            4,489 Operating expenses                                 3,158                              (1)                         (250)                           —            2,907 Operating proﬁt                                    1,300                               8                          274                             —            1,582 Total ﬁnance costs, net                               93                             —                              —                             —               93 Non-operating items                                    2                             —                              —                             —                2 Proﬁt before taxes                                 1,205                               8                          274                             —            1,487 Taxes                                                296                               1                           68                              2             367 Proﬁt after taxes                                    909                               7                          206                             (2)          1,120 Diluted earnings per share (€)                      1.86                           0.02                          0.42                             —             2.30                                                                                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                                                                                       Diluted weighted average shares outstanding               488                                               As reported                                 Items impacting comparability                                  Comparable                                                                                                            Merger and  Full year 2017                                                                 Mark-to-                    integration  Unaudited, in millions € except per share                         Merger         market  Restructuring         related      Litigation       Net tax data which is calculated prior to rounding                       effects(D)      effects(A)    charges(B)        costs(C)   provision(E)       items(F)        CCEP Revenue                                           11,062               (7)           —              —               —              —              —          11,055 Cost of sales                                      6,772              27               6            (66)            —              —              —            6,739   Gross proﬁt                                        4,290             (34)             (6)           66             —               —              —            4,316          STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Operating expenses                                 3,030             (14)            —            (169)             (4)            (5)            —            2,838 Operating proﬁt                                    1,260             (20)             (6)          235               4              5             —            1,478 Total ﬁnance costs, net                              100              —              —              —               —              (1)            —               99 Non-operating items                                    1              —              —              —               —              —              —                1 Proﬁt before taxes                                 1,159             (20)             (6)          235               4              6             —            1,378 Taxes                                                471               (4)            (2)           70               1              1           (194)            343  Proﬁt after taxes                                    688             (16)             (4)          165               3              5           194            1,035          INFORMATION  OTHER Diluted earnings per share (€)                      1.41           (0.03)          (0.01)         0.34            0.01           0.01           0.40            2.12                                                                                                        Diluted weighted average shares outstanding                489  (A)  Amounts represent the net out of period mark-to-market impact of non-designated commodity hedges. (B)  Amounts represent restructuring charges related to business transformation activities. (C)  Amounts represent costs associated with the Merger to form CCEP. (D)  Adjustments to reﬂect ﬁnal acquisition accounting related adjustments and associated impacts. (E)  Amount represents a provision recorded for ongoing litigation. (F)  Amounts include the deferred tax impact related to income tax rate and law changes. The amount in 2018 includes the net book tax impact of US tax reform       and the related simpliﬁcation of our debt and capital structure. The amount in 2017 principally represents the net book tax impact of US tax reform.                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            29

SUSTAINABILITY ACTION                                                                                                                                                                                                    ON: WE ARE TAKING ACTION ON                                                              DRINKS                                    PACKAGING                                                                   SOCIETY                                   WATER                                     CLIMATE                                    SUPPLY CHAIN                                                                                      WE’LL BE A TOTAL                          WE’LL COLLECT ALL OF                                                        WE’LL BE A FORCE FOR                      WE’LL HANDLE WATER WITH                    WE’LL HALVE OUR DIRECT                    WE’LL SOURCE OUR MAIN  SUSTAINABILITY BY USING                                                              BEVERAGE COMPANY,                         OUR PACKAGING SO THAT                                                       GOOD BY CHAMPIONING                       THE CARE IT DESERVES                       CARBON EMISSIONS                          INGREDIENTS AND RAW                                                                                       OFFERING CONSUMERS                        NONE OF IT ENDS UP AS                                                       INCLUSION AND                             ACROSS OUR BUSINESS                        AND PURCHASE 100%                         MATERIALS SUSTAINABLY  OUR BUSINESS AND BRANDS                                                              AN EVEN GREATER                           LITTER OR IN THE OCEANS.                                                    ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT                      AND OUR VALUE CHAIN.                       RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY.                    AND RESPONSIBLY.                                                                                       CHOICE OF DRINKS                                                                                                      IN SOCIETY  WITH OUR  TO BUILD A BETTER FUTURE.                                                            WITH REDUCED SUGAR.                                                                                                   EMPLOYEES AND OUR                                                                                                                                                                                                             COMMUNITIES.  FOR PEOPLE. FOR THE PLANET.                                                                                       We’ll reduce the sugar in our soft        We’ll make sure that 100%                                                   We’ll foster a diverse and inclusive      We’ll protect the sustainability          We’ll cut greenhouse gas                   We’ll make sure 100% of our main  We believe that business success and sustainability                                  drinks by 10% between 2015 and            of our primary packaging is                                                 culture in our business and make          of the water sources we use for           emissions from our core business           agricultural ingredients and raw                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (D) go hand in hand. We want to grow our business in                                     2020, and that’s in addition to the       recyclable or reusable.                                                     sure that women hold at least 40%         future generations.                       by 50%.                                    materials come from sustainable                                                                                       5% reduction achieved in the                                                                                          of our management positions.                                                                                                   sources by 2020.  a way that manages our social and environmental                                      previous 5 years.(A)                      We’ll work with local and national                                                                                    We’ll reduce the water we use             We’ll cut greenhouse gas  impacts responsibly and makes our employees                                                                                    partners to collect 100% of our                                             We’ll expand the contribution             in manufacturing by 20% – and             emissions by 35% across our                We’ll continue to embed  and our stakeholders proud.                                                          We’ll aim for 50% of our sales to         packaging in Western Europe.                                                we make to society by increasing          address water impacts in our              entire value chain.                        sustainability, ethics and human                                                                                                                         (B)                                                                                                                                         (C)                                                                                      come from low or no calorie drinks.                                                                                   our employee volunteering and             supply chain.                                                                        rights into our supply chain.(E) Together with The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC) in                                                                                  We’ll make sure that at least                                               supporting local community                                                          We’ll purchase 100% renewable  Western Europe, we’ve created This is Forward –                                      We’ll continuously evolve our             50% of the material we use for                                              partnerships.                             We’ll replenish 100% of the water         electricity by 2020.                                                                                      recipes and portfolio to offer            our PET bottles comes from                                                                                            we use in areas of water stress.  our Group wide sustainability action plan. Building                                  a greater choice of drinks.               recycled plastic.                                                           We’ll support initiatives which  on 10 years of focused work on sustainability, and                                                                                                                                                         help young people gain the  developed through close consultation with our                                        We’ll make it easier for consumers        We’ll use the reach of our brands                                           employability, skills and                                                                                       to cut down on sugar with                 to inspire everyone to recycle.                                             conﬁ dence they need to succeed. stakeholders, the plan places sustainability at the                                  straightforward product  heart of our business strategy.                                                      information and smaller                   We’ll lead the way in pioneering                                                                                       pack sizes.                               sustainable packaging –  Through This is Forward, we are taking action on                                                                               including renewable materials  six key areas where we know we have signiﬁ cant                                      We’ll make sure we don’t advertise        and smart new ways to reduce  impact, and which our stakeholders want us to                                        to children under 12 and that             packaging waste. prioritise. In each of these areas we have made                                      our sales and marketing                                                                                       practices evolve in line with  a number of commitments. Together, they provide                                      external expectations. a clear direction for how we intend to work with  partners across our value chain to build a better  future – for our business, for people and for the  planet. There is no going back. This is Forward.      FIND  OUT MORE AT      WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/01-ACTION-ON-SUSTAINABILITY  30         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                                                                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE   ACTION            ON:                                                                                                                                                                            STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL DRINKS PACKAGING   SOCIETY                                    WATER                                     CLIMATE                                    SUPPLY CHAIN WE’LL BE A TOTAL WE’LL COLLECT ALL OF WE’LL BE A FORCE FOR    WE’LL HANDLE WATER WITH                   WE’LL HALVE OUR DIRECT                     WE’LL SOURCE OUR MAIN  BEVERAGE COMPANY, OUR PACKAGING SO THAT GOOD BY CHAMPIONING   THE CARE IT DESERVES                      CARBON EMISSIONS                           INGREDIENTS AND RAW  OFFERING CONSUMERS NONE OF IT ENDS UP AS INCLUSION AND        ACROSS OUR BUSINESS                       AND PURCHASE 100%                          MATERIALS SUSTAINABLY  AN EVEN GREATER LITTER OR IN THE OCEANS. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AND OUR VALUE CHAIN.                      RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY.                     AND RESPONSIBLY.                              INFORMATION  OTHER CHOICE OF DRINKS   IN SOCIETY  WITH OUR  WITH REDUCED SUGAR. EMPLOYEES AND OUR                     COMMUNITIES.    We’ll reduce the sugar in our soft We’ll make sure that 100% We’ll foster a diverse and inclusive We’ll protect the sustainability We’ll cut greenhouse gas We’ll make sure 100% of our main  drinks by 10% between 2015 and of our primary packaging is culture in our business and make of the water sources we use for emissions from our core business agricultural ingredients and raw                                                                                                                  (D) 2020, and that’s in addition to the recyclable or reusable. sure that women hold at least 40% future generations. by 50%.                          materials come from sustainable  5% reduction achieved in the of our management positions.                                                                                          sources by 2020.  previous 5 years.(A) We’ll work with local and national       We’ll reduce the water we use             We’ll cut greenhouse gas  partners to collect 100% of our We’ll expand the contribution in manufacturing by 20% – and             emissions by 35% across our                We’ll continue to embed  We’ll aim for 50% of our sales to packaging in Western Europe. we make to society by increasing address water impacts in our entire value chain.   sustainability, ethics and human  (B)                                                                        (C) come from low or no calorie drinks. our employee volunteering and supply chain.                                                                    rights into our supply chain.(E) We’ll make sure that at least supporting local community                                                We’ll purchase 100% renewable  We’ll continuously evolve our 50% of the material we use for partnerships. We’ll replenish 100% of the water electricity by 2020. recipes and portfolio to offer our PET bottles comes from     we use in areas of water stress.  a greater choice of drinks. recycled plastic. We’ll support initiatives which                     help young people gain the  We’ll make it easier for consumers We’ll use the reach of our brands employability, skills and  to cut down on sugar with to inspire everyone to recycle. conﬁ dence they need to succeed. straightforward product  information and smaller We’ll lead the way in pioneering  pack sizes. sustainable packaging –  including renewable materials  We’ll make sure we don’t advertise and smart new ways to reduce  to children under 12 and that packaging waste. our sales and marketing                                                                                 Baseline is 2010 and target date is 2025 unless otherwise stated practices evolve in line with                                                                                                          (A)  Sparkling soft drinks and non-carbonated soft drinks only. Does not include water  external expectations.                                                                                                            or juice. This commitment is for CCEP and TCCC WEBU. Baseline is 2010 and includes                                                                                                             historical, consolidated data for Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A.                                                                                                             and Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetränke AG that was recalculated after the Merger.                                                                                                         (B)  Total CCEP sales. Does not include coffee, alcohol, beer or freestyle. Low calorie                                                                                                             beverages <_20kcal/100ml. Zero calorie beverages <4kcal/100ml.                                                                                                          (C)  Water use ratio, litres of water per litre of ﬁ nished product produced.                                                                                                         (D)  Absolute carbon reduction target, irrespective of business growth. Core business                                                                                                             operations includes manufacturing, cold drinks equipment and transportation.                                                                                                         (E)  We’ll do this through our global Supplier Guiding Principles and Human Rights Policies.                                                                                                      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            31

ACTION ON DRINKS  Too much sugar isn’t good for anyone. By evolving  our portfolio, we’re helping consumers manage  the amount of sugar they consume, and make  more informed choices about their diets.   Our actions                                                 Straightforward product information As tastes and lifestyles change, consumers are increasingly To help consumers make an informed choice about their  looking for a wider variety of drinks, including low and no drinks we also provide nutritional information on all of our  calorie drinks. In line with this demand, we’re working with packaging. We have been using colour coded nutritional  TCCC and other franchisors to reduce the amount of sugar    labelling in Great Britain since 2014 and in 2018 we began  in our soft drinks by changing our recipes. We’re also      to trial this type of labelling in Belgium, France, Luxembourg  continuously expanding our portfolio to include more low    and the Netherlands. We hope that this will make a positive  and no calorie drinks. We’re committed to ensuring that 50% contribution to the process of assessing different nutritional  of our sales come from low and no calorie drinks by 2025.   labelling options in Europe.  We’re also making it easier for consumers to cut down on  sugar by providing straightforward product information, and  by making smaller and more convenient pack sizes more  readily available.  We make sure our sales and marketing practices are in line  with external expectations, and do not advertise to children  under 12.  Key progress Sugar reduction By the end of 2018, we had reduced the sugar in our soft drinks  by 11.1% since 2015, in addition to the 5% already achieved  since 2010. We have achieved our 10% target two years ahead   Fuze Tea of schedule and remain focused on our commitment to ensure    Launched in early 2018 in nine countries, Fuze Tea has become  that 50% of our sales come from low and no calorie drinks by  one of our fastest growing new drinks brands. Blending tea  2025. In 2019, we will continue our work on portfolio innovation extracts with fruit and herb ﬂ avours, Fuze Tea is low in calories  and reformulation, and to increase availability and visibility of and comes in four ﬂ avours, along with seasonal variants. With  smaller pack sizes. We will also continue to increase our     the launch of Fuze Tea and other products, we’re expanding our  investment in marketing to raise consumer awareness of our    portfolio to align with changing consumer tastes, offering a  range of low or no sugar options. In 2018, 45% of the products wider choice of low and no calorie options. From April 2019, Fuze  we sold were low and no calorie.                              Tea will carry the Rainforest Alliance Certiﬁ ed™ “green frog”                                                                seal, conﬁ rming that the tea has been sourced sustainably from  We continued to expand our portfolio in 2018, introducing     Rainforest Alliance Certiﬁ ed™ farms. 131 low and no calorie drinks to the market and offering  new products to consumers. This included expanding our  portfolio with more zero sugar options, including Monster  Ultra and new Fanta ﬂ avours. We launched Fuze Tea, our  popular ready to drink tea brand. We also launched          160K                         11.1%                                                             tonnes of sugar removed      reduction in average sugar per  Honest Coffee, our new range of premium ready to drink      from our drinks since 2010   litre in our soft drinks portfolio  cold coffee products.                                                                    since 2015. This represents a                                                                                           reduction of 15.8% since 2010 To make it easier for consumers to cut down on sugar, we’ve  also made progress on offering smaller pack sizes to our  consumers. In 2018, we launched new Sprite and Coca-Cola  Light ﬂ avours in 250ml cans in Belgium, France, the        45%                                                             of the products we sold in 2018  Netherlands and Sweden. In addition, 250ml PET Fanta balls  were low or no calorie were launched in Belgium in 2018 and will be extended to  other countries in 2019.                                        READ MORE AT WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/05-ACTION-ON-DRINKS  32      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

ACTION ON   PACKAGING                                                                                                                   REPORT  STRATEGIC  Our packaging plays an essential role in  maintaining the quality and safety of our drinks.  We’re taking action to ensure that we collect  100% of our packaging so that none of it ends  up as litter or in the oceans.                                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Our actions  We’re committed to leading the way towards a circular  economy where 100% of our packaging is collected, reused  or recycled. We work with our packaging suppliers to minimise the  impact of our packaging on the environment by designing it  for recyclability, aiming to reduce packaging weight and                                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL increase its recycled and renewable content. We are working  with TCCC and using our brands to inspire consumers to        You sort, we recycle recycle more, as well as working with customers, local        In 2018, we supported “You sort, we recycle”, a major campaign in France                                                                that saw 12 drinks brands joining forces to encourage consumers to  governments and other stakeholders to improve local           recycle plastic bottles. Created by our sustainable packaging partner  collection and recycling rates.                               CITEO, the campaign demonstrated that one plastic bottle, when sorted                                                                correctly, can be recycled to produce another plastic bottle. The campaign  We also want to lead the way in pioneering sustainable        was launched in Paris and was expanded to 40 major cities across France. packaging, including using renewable materials and ﬁ nding                                                                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER smart new ways to reduce packaging waste.                         READ MORE AT WWW.VOUSTRIEZNOUSRECYCLONS.COM Key progress Design and innovation We’re committed to ensuring that at least 50% of the         27.6%                          98% material we use for our PET bottles comes from recycled PET  of the PET we used in 2018     of our primary packaging was  (rPET) by 2025. In 2018, 27.6% of the PET we used to make    was from recycled PET          recyclable in 2018  our PET bottles was rPET. We’re working with others in our  industry to ensure that all of our primary packaging is 100% signiﬁ cant improvement in packaging collection rates  recyclable by 2025. In 2018, 98% of the packaging we used    through local household collection schemes. In 2018, we  was recyclable.                                              continued to work with governments and industry partners                                                               including Fost Plus in Belgium, CITEO in France, Remondis  We continued to invest in plastic reprocessing to ensure a                                                               and Interseroh in Germany, WRAP and Valpak in Great Britain,  reliable supply of high quality rPET in all our markets. One                                                               Inﬁ nitum in Norway, Ecoembes in Spain and Returpack  example is our new partnership and supply agreement with                                                               in Sweden. Loop Industries, Inc., a plastic reprocessing company. Loop’s  depolymerisation technology enables low value plastics to    In 2018, CCEP set up a Recovery Management Ofﬁ ce (RMO) – be diverted, recovered and recycled into new, virgin-quality a cross functional ofﬁ ce dedicated to packaging recovery.  PET plastic.                                                 The RMO has helped develop a more detailed understanding                                                               of CCEP’s recovery rates by material by market, in order to  Towards our 100% packaging collection target                                                              provide an accurate baseline for our 100% collection target.  Recent years have seen an increasing focus and growing  public concern around plastic waste. In 2018, the European   We continued to support anti-litter and ocean clean up  Commission proposed new rules restricting the use of single  initiatives across our territories through local community  use plastics, which represent around half of all marine litter partnerships. Major initiatives in 2018 included Mares  in  Europe(A). We’re committed to leading the way towards a  Circulares (Circular Seas), a coastal waste collection  circular economy where 100% of our packaging is collected,   campaign co-ﬁ nanced by The Coca-Cola Foundation. A total  reused or recycled. Achieving a 100% collection rate for     of 584 tons of waste was collected from 82 beaches, 12 ports  our packaging is a complex challenge. Our assessments        and 11 marine reserves along 270 kms of coastline in Spain  show that achieving this target depends on the widespread    and Portugal and involved 5,270 volunteers. All collected PET  adoption of well designed deposit return schemes or a        bottles were reintegrated into our value chain in Spain.                                                                   READ MORE AT WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/06-ACTION-ON-PACKAGING (A) Source: http://ec.europa.eu/environment/waste/plastic_waste.htm                                                           Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 33

ACTION ON  SOCIETY  We’re determined to make a positive difference  in society by promoting diversity, inclusion and  economic development, both in our workplaces  and in our local communities.   Our actions  We believe that a diverse workforce leads to better business  results and increased innovation. We’re committed to  fostering a diverse, inclusive working culture that reﬂects the  diversity of the communities we serve. We want to ensure that  everyone can feel part of CCEP by celebrating all of the unique  characteristics that make us who we are, and by respecting,  valuing and taking into account people’s differing needs   and perspectives. Many of our communities face signiﬁcant challenges,  including high levels of youth unemployment. We help  address these issues across our territories through  employee volunteering and by supporting local community       Promoting an inclusive culture                                                                Across CCEP we have a number of employee networks providing  partnerships, with a particular focus on helping young                                                                safe and supportive spaces for employees from diverse  people gain the employability, skills and conﬁdence they      backgrounds. One example is the Rainbow Network in Germany,  need to succeed.                                              which provides networking opportunities for LGBT colleagues  Key progress                                                  and their supporters, as well as raising awareness of LGBT issues.  Diversity and inclusion                                       Not only does this provide development opportunities, it also  In 2018, we made progress towards our target of at least 40%  helps to build our inclusive employer proﬁle both internally and  of our management positions to be held by women by 2025.      in the external marketplace – for example, by taking part in job  By the end of the year, 35.6% of our management positions     fairs, and hosting best practice sharing events.  were held by women – an increase of 2.8% compared to          Thanks to the work of the Rainbow Network, Germany was  December 2017.                                                awarded the PRIDE 500 seal for supporting workplace pride. 2018 saw progress in hiring more female talent into senior  positions. Within our supply chain we have 47 manufacturing We also continue to build our female leadership pipeline  sites and women now lead seven of our sites in France,      through our Women in Leadership development plan, with a  Germany, Great Britain and Spain, an increase of ﬁve since the series of training programmes to support women’s ambitions  formation of CCEP. We also now have excellent female        at different stages of their careers and to help develop the  leadership in our Investor Relations function and our Swedish skills and networks to succeed. These include our Connect to  leadership team.                                            Grow mentoring programme aimed at senior managers,  This progress is the result of a consistent focus on improving associate directors and directors. Since its launch in 2017,  diversity in our recruitment process. In 2018, this included 68 women have taken part in the programme. requiring our recruitment ﬁrms to provide better gender     In 2018, our business in Iberia received the Intrama Top  balanced candidate shortlists, using diverse interviewing   Diversity Award, in recognition for its innovation and  panels, talent mapping for external female talent and       commitment in improving gender diversity.  reviewing our job adverts to ensure they use inclusive  language. We also introduced diversity KPIs for our internal  recruiters and recruitment agencies. As an example, our  business in Germany is aiming for 60% female candidates on  35.6% each shortlist. To help meet that target, the company held a of management positions at  workshop to ensure the language it uses in recruitment      CCEP were held by women adverts is more inclusive and engaging.    34      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                                              VALUE OF OUR COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTION                                                                                 65%                                                                               19%                                                                                  8%                                           STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                                                                8%    Celebrating the Special Olympics                                            €5m   2018 marked the 40th anniversary of our long-term charity                     Total cash   partner Special Olympics Great Britain, as well as the 50th    anniversary of the worldwide Special Olympics movement. To                    Total in kind    show our support for this double celebration, employees in                    Total volunteer time                        INFORMATION  OTHER   Great Britain launched an awareness raising campaign and    volunteered at the Anniversary Games in Stirling, Scotland.                   Total management costs   Fundraising and volunteering activities also took place in                    (cash and time)    Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands.  Community investment and volunteering Working with TCCC, we expanded our support for local  community partnerships in 2018. We currently support a  range of local programmes that empower young people,  including WannaWork in Belgium, Passport to Employment  in France, the Foundation of Integration in Germany, Reach   In 2018, we contributed €5 million, or 0.41% of our proﬁt  Up in Great Britain, JINC in the Netherlands, GIRA Jóvenes   before tax, to community activities. In addition, our  in Spain and Mentor in Sweden.                               employees dedicated 11,955 volunteer hours to support                                                                the work of our national charity partners, local community  In Antwerp, Belgium, our Coca-Cola Visitors Centre offers                                                               groups and other good causes.  an interactive experience that educates young people about  our approach to sustainability, and provides an open door    In November 2018, to mark the ﬁrst anniversary of our This   for young people to learn about manufacturing and the soft   is Forward strategy, we launched a new volunteering policy  drinks industry. Around 18,000 people, mainly students, visit that enables all CCEP employees to dedicate up to two paid  the centre every year.                                       working days a year to volunteer for a charity or cause of                                                               their choice. One Young World is a UK-based charity that brings together  some of the world’s brightest young leaders every year,  empowering them to make lasting connections to create  positive change. Nine CCEP delegates took part in the One  Young World 2018 summit, which was held in The Hague,        €5M                           11,955 the Netherlands. They joined 1,800 other young leaders       spent supporting local        hours volunteered by  from more than 190 countries to discuss pressing social      community partnerships        our employees in 2018 and sustainability issues with leading companies,  non-governmental organisations and key inﬂuencers.              READ MORE AT WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/07-ACTION-ON-SOCIETY                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 35

ACTION ON  WATER  Water is the main ingredient in our products and  essential to our manufacturing processes. To ensure  a sustainable supply of water, we’re working to reduce  the amount of water we use in our operations and  protect local water sources for future generations.  Our actions                                                 Water replenishment In many of our territories, water resources are affected by Together with TCCC, we continue to replenish the water we  over exploitation, poor water management and the impacts    use in areas of water stress in partnership with local NGOs  of climate change. Water scarcity and deteriorating water   and community groups. In 2018, we managed 15 community  quality in our supply chain have become major issues for our based water replenishment projects in Western Europe,  business in Western Europe. Around 80% of the total water   enabling us to replenish 141% of the water we used in our  footprint of our products comes from our agricultural supply drinks, where sourced from areas of water stress.  chain, including sugar beet – which is grown in Western     In 2018, in collaboration with The Coca-Cola Foundation, we  Europe – or the fruit juices we source from around the world. partnered with WWF Spain on a three year project to protect  As a result, we’re taking a value chain approach to handling water quantity and quality in the Guadalquivir river by  water with the care that it deserves. We’re aiming to reduce improving agricultural practices in local citrus plantations.  the water we use in our manufacturing operations by 20%     We also invested in new initiatives, such as a three year  by 2025, as well as addressing water impacts within our     project with WWF UK to improve water quality and replenish  supply chain. We’re also aiming to replenish 100% of the    water sources in East Anglia, Great Britain. Ongoing projects  water we use in areas of water stress through community     include the Camargue Wetland Restoration project in  based partnerships.                                         partnership with WWF France, due to complete in 2020. Key progress  Protecting our water sources To help protect our water sources, our manufacturing sites  carry out source water vulnerability assessments (SVAs),  which assess potential risks in terms of water quality and  availability. These assessments inform our source water  protection plans (SWPPs), which take account of future  water needs and identify any further actions required. In  2018, 100% of our manufacturing sites carried out SVAs  and had SWPPs in place.                                                               Bringing a forest back to life Improving water efﬁciency                                                               In 2018, we completed a project to protect groundwater close to  In 2018, we continued to invest in water saving systems       our Aquabona manufacturing site in Northern Spain, which was  for our manufacturing sites. For example, in Fürstenfeldbruck severely impacted following a forest ﬁre in 2009. The project  in Germany, up to 1,400 m3 of water per month was saved       involved restoring native and ﬁre resilient trees, protecting  by investing in more water efﬁcient bottle washers. In        grassland habitats and controlling vegetation growth. It was  Barcelona, Spain we introduced a new system to reuse          carried out together with TCCC and in partnership with the  wastewater, which helped regenerate the ecosystem of          Ecology and Development Foundation (ECODES) and local  a nearby lagoon and increased the biodiversity of aquatic     government. As a result, we replenished 943.8 million litres of  ﬂora and fauna. As a result of these and other initiatives,   water, planted over 66,300 trees and restored 57 hectares of land.                                                                Rainwater recovery has improved by 20% and the local  our water use ratio was 1.61L/L(A) in 2018 – a reduction of                                                                biodiversity and ecosystem will be protected for at least 20 years. 11.25% since 2010. During the year, TCCC launched an Environment Award for  Coca-Cola bottlers in Western Europe. The award recognises  excellence and consistent improvement across a range of                                                              1.61L/L(A)                   141% areas, including water efﬁciency. Our Dorsten manufacturing water use ratio              of the water we used in our                                                                                           drinks, where sourced  site in Germany won the award in 2018.                                                   from areas of water stress,                                                                                            was replenished  (A) Litres of water/litre of product produced                   READ MORE AT WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/08-ACTION-ON-WATER  36      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

ACTION ON    CLIMATE                                                                                                                     REPORT  STRATEGIC  Climate change is the world’s most urgent  environmental challenge. We are committed  to playing our part in global efforts to tackle  climate change, in line with the 2015 Paris  Climate Change Agreement.                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Our actions                                                  Reducing emissions across our entire value chain We are working hard to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG)           We are committed to reducing the carbon impact of our  emissions across our entire value chain and have set a       value chain in a number of ways, including making our  target to halve our direct carbon emissions by 2025. We’re   packaging lighter, increasing the use of recycled materials  doing this by reducing the amount of energy we use in our    and by working with our suppliers to ensure that they  manufacturing sites, cutting the distances our products are  adopt energy saving technologies. We also share best  transported and making our cold drinks equipment more        practices and encourage others to tackle climate change   energy efﬁcient.                                             – for example through our #PorElClima campaign which           STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                                              encourages the food service industry in Spain to adopt  CCEP is a member of The Climate Group’s RE100 initiative,    climate friendly practices and technologies.  committed to purchase 100% renewable electricity by 2020.  In addition, we are aiming to cut GHG emissions across our  entire value chain by 35%. Our carbon reduction targets are  fully aligned with climate science and have been validated  by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).                                                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER Key progress  Assessing climate change risk To adjust to higher global temperatures and move towards  a low carbon economy, it’s important that we fully  understand the risks that climate change poses for our  business. In 2018, together with TCCC, we began a detailed  assessment of the climate related risks we face. The results  Electric vehicle project – Norway and Belgium will inform our strategic decisions and help us prepare for   In Norway, we are working to reduce our carbon footprint by  the potential impacts of climate change in line with the      investing in electric vehicles. In 2018, we ordered 100 electric  recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related          cars for our ﬁeld sales team, who drive approximately 3 million  Financial Disclosures (TCFD).                                 kilometres per year. We also changed our car policy to introduce                                                                electric and plug-in electric hybrid vehicles. To facilitate this  Reducing emissions across our core operations                                                               change we installed 176 charging points at our headquarters in  In 2018, we reduced GHG emissions across our core                                                                Robsrud. As a result, approximately 300 tonnes of CO2 will be  business operations (manufacturing, distribution and cold     saved each year.  drinks equipment) by 50.64% versus a 2010 baseline.  For more detail, see page 38.                                 In Belgium and Luxembourg, we are also trialling the use of                                                                electric cars for our ﬁeld sales teams. Ten ﬁeld sales employees  We continued to invest in energy saving processes and         now use Hyundai Kona electric cars as part of an effort to  systems for our manufacturing operations. For example, in     reduce carbon emissions.  Germany, we trialled a new system designed to reduce the  blowing pressure required to produce PET bottles, saving  897,000 kWh per year. As a result of this and other initiatives,                                       (A) our energy use ratio was 0.317 MJ/litre  of product in 2018  0.317 MJ/L(A)                   100%                                                              energy use ratio                of the electricity we  – a reduction of 17.22% since 2010.                                                          purchased was from  We continue to reduce the overall energy consumption of our                                  renewable sources in 2018 cold drinks equipment ﬂeet. In 2018, the total energy                                                                   READ MORE AT WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/09-ACTION-ON-CLIMATE consumption was reduced by 7.1% compared to 2017, while  growing our ﬂeet by an average of 1.2% in 2018. Actions  included setting higher efﬁciency performance requirements  for our equipment, and installing smart devices to optimise  energy efﬁciency.  (A) MJ/litre of product produced                         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 37

ACTION ON CLIMATE CONTINUED  Greenhouse gas emissions – core business operations (Scope 1, 2 and 3) Details of our Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 greenhouse gas Data is consolidated from a number of sources across our   (GHG) emissions in tonnes of CO2 equivalent (stated as CO2e) business and is analysed centrally. We use a variety of  from our core business operations during 2018 are set out   methodologies to gather our emissions data and measure  in table 1. Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions are independent of  each part of our operational carbon footprint, including  any greenhouse gas trades, and our Scope 2 emissions are    natural gas and purchased electricity data, refrigerant gas   calculated using the market based approach. The carbon      losses, CO2 fugitive gas losses and transport fuel, water  footprint of our core business operations is calculated in  supply, wastewater and waste management. We use  accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Corporate        emission factors relevant to the source data including UK  Standard, using an operational control approach to          Department for Business, Environment and Industrial  determine organisational boundaries.                        Strategy (BEIS) 2018 and IEA 2016 emission factors. We disclose the Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions which make up   Scope 1 ﬁgures include: direct sources of emissions such as  our core business operations. We consider our core business the fuel we use for manufacturing and our own vehicles plus  operations to include our manufacturing, distribution and cold our fugitive emissions.  drinks equipment. More details about our GHG emissions,                                                              Scope 2 ﬁgures include: indirect sources of emissions such  including the GHG emissions in our value chain (including                                                              as the purchased electricity we use at our sites. We report  our ingredients and packaging), will be published on our                                                              against this on both a location based and a market based  website in April 2019. Additional Scope 3 ﬁgures will also                                                              approach. Commitments and KPIs are tracked using the  be included in our 2019 CDP response.                                                             market based approach. In 2018, we achieved a 4.14% reduction in our Scope 1                                                               Scope 3 ﬁgures include: indirect sources associated with the  and 2 carbon emissions versus those in 2017, and a 59.17%                                                              electricity used by our cold drinks and coffee equipment at  reduction versus our 2010 baseline, using a market based                                                              our customers’ premises, our employee business travel by  Scope 2 approach.                                                             rail and air, emissions related to the supply of water and  Intensity ratios                                            treatment of wastewater, emissions from the treatment of  GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) per litre of product produced waste, fuel used by our third party distributors, and other  (market based Scope 2 approach): 18.89 g/litre of product   energy related emissions not already accounted for under  produced.                                                   Scope 1 and 2 (for example, emissions from well-to-tank and                                                              transmission and distribution). Additional Scope 3 ﬁgures  GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) per euro of revenue (market                                                              from the WRI/ WBCSD GHG Protocol categories 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,  based Scope 2 approach): 20.73 g/euro of revenue.                                                             9, 11, 12 and 13 are disclosed in our 2018 CDP response.  Note on sources of data and calculation methodologies Under the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol, we measure our            Emission factors used include supplier data, DEFRA/BEIS                                                              2018 and IEA 2016 emission factors. 0.93% of our core  emissions in three “scopes”, except for CO2e emissions  from biologically sequestered carbon, which is reported     business operations carbon footprint is based on estimated  separately outside of these scopes. Our 2010 baseline and   emissions (e.g. leased ofﬁces where energy invoices or the  2017 data incorporates data from the bottlers from which    square metre footage size of the site is not available). CCEP was formed, prior to the Merger. Some data for 2017    The ﬁgures for 2018 in table 1, along with selected  has been restated from last year due to more accurate data  information on our website, are subject to independent  becoming available.                                         assurance by DNV GL in accordance with the ISAE 3000                                                              standard. The full assurance statement with DNV GL’s scope                                                              of work, and basis of conclusion, will be published on our                                                              website in April 2019.   Table 1    GHG emissions (greenhouse gases – 2018) (tonnes CO2e)                                                                                                   2018           2017                                               Direct emissions (e.g. fuel used in manufacturing,  Scope 1                                              own vehicle ﬂeet, as well as process and fugitive 232,187       228,657 (tonnes CO e)         2                                    emissions)  Scope 2 (market based approach)                                                                 6,540         20,379 (tonnes CO2e)                                              Indirect emissions (e.g. electricity)  Scope 2 (location based approach)                                                            173,850         193,713 (tonnes CO2e)                                               Third party emissions included in our core business                                               operations, including those related to our cold  Scope 3                                                                                      989,514       1,112,538  (tonnes CO2e)                                drinks equipment, third party transportation and                                               distribution, and business travel   38      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

ACTION ON    SUPPLY CHAIN                                                                                                                REPORT  STRATEGIC  Population growth, increased demand for food products and  climate change are putting our supply chains under increasing  pressure. We’re committed to sourcing our agricultural  ingredients and raw materials sustainably and responsibly.   Our actions                                                 our own operations and our supply chain. As a result of         REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE To make our drinks, we depend on a sustainable supply of    this workshop, in 2019 we will conduct a human rights risk  high quality agricultural ingredients, including sugar beet assessment across our entire business.  and sugarcane, fruit juices, tea and coffee. We also rely on Sustainable sourcing  other raw materials such as pulp and paper to make our      Together with TCCC we work to identify pathways to  packaging. We’ve made a joint commitment with TCCC to       compliance for our main agricultural suppliers by 2020. In  ensure that 100% of our main agricultural ingredients and   particular, we focus on sustainably sourcing coffee and tea  raw materials are sourced sustainably by 2020.              for our Honest, Fuze Tea and Chaqwa brands. In 2018, Fuze   We also have a duty to respect and protect the human rights Tea, a premium iced tea brand with a fusion of ﬂavours of       STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL of everyone working across our supply chain. We aim to      fruits, botanicals and tea, was launched in Europe. The tea  ensure our suppliers respect our Code of Conduct and make   extracts in Fuze Tea come from 100% sustainably sourced  a positive impact on society, in line with the United Nations’ tea leaves. All farms that supply tea extracts must be  Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the        certiﬁed to demonstrate that they meet an independent  International Labour Organization’s Declaration on          standard such as Fairtrade International, Rainforest Alliance  Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the United    or SAI FSA Silver or Gold. As of 2019, the complete Fuze Tea                                                              range joins the Rainforest Alliance community and will be   Nations’ Global Compact.                                                                                                    INFORMATION  OTHER                                                             marked with the “green frog” seal, conﬁrming that the tea has  Key progress                                                been sourced from Rainforest Alliance CertiﬁedTM farms.  Measuring compliance   We track our progress by measuring compliance with our  Supplier Guiding Principles (SGPs), which apply to all of our  suppliers, and our Sustainable Agriculture Guiding Principles  (SAGPs), which apply to our suppliers of key agricultural  ingredients and raw materials. We’ve made a commitment   to ensure that all our suppliers comply with these principles  by 2020. In 2018, 91% of our spend was with suppliers which  are covered by our SGPs. In 2018, in partnership with TCCC,  we conducted a risk assessment for our main ingredients.  Together with TCCC, we are also developing sourcing           Sustainable citrus project guidelines to provide transparent criteria for our ingredient                                                                In Spain and Portugal, CCEP sources around 4.6 million kilos of  suppliers to outline the sustainability standards they        citrus juice every year from local farmers. In 2018, with the support  should meet.                                                  of The Coca-Cola Foundation we extended our sustainable citrus  Evaluating performance                                        project for a further two years to continue to improve the  CCEP’s supplier relationship management process provides      sustainability of citrus production. The project promotes efﬁcient                                                                irrigation and fertilisation techniques in areas of water stress.  a framework for evaluating the sustainability of our                                                                By providing monitoring, training and technical support, the project  suppliers. Each supplier is given a score based on ﬁnancial   helps farmers save water and reduce their production costs.  value, efﬁciency, innovation, risk and sustainability. The    In 2018, the project visited 25 farms across Valencia, and helped  sustainability component of the score is rated by             install 2,000 kilometres of water efﬁcient irrigation systems.  independent evaluation company EcoVadis. It evaluates  suppliers against a number   of sustainability criteria such as environment, carbon  management, human rights and fair business practices.        91%                           88%                                                              of our spend was with         of our sugar was sourced  Human rights                                                 suppliers which are           from suppliers which comply  Following the publication of our ﬁrst Modern Slavery         covered by our SGPs           with our SAGPs Statement in 2017, we hosted an internal human rights  workshop for senior managers across our business in 2018.                                                                   READ MORE AT WWW.CCEP.COM/PAGES/10-ACTION-ON-SUPPLY-CHAIN Our aim was to understand what human rights means for                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 39

PRINCIPAL RISKS   This section sets out the principal risks we face  as a business and how we manage them.   Our approach to risk                                        risks within our IT function, and environmental and quality  Our decisions are informed by an understanding of the       risks within our supply chain management function. These  risks we face as a business. Through our enterprise wide    functional assessments are now an ongoing part of our risk  risk management programme, we identify, measure and         management process. manage risk, as well as embed a strong risk culture across  Measuring and managing risk our business.                                               Once risks have been identiﬁed through our risk assessment  Assessing risk                                              process, we analyse them to understand their likelihood and  To gain an overall understanding of the risks CCEP faces,   potential impact, how we are managing the risks and what  we assess risk top down and bottom up.                      mitigation measures we may need to put in place. Our annual enterprise risk assessment gives us a top        In 2018, we started to consider key risk indicators to more  down, strategic view of risk at the enterprise level. During accurately monitor risk levels as they change over time.  this assessment we carry out a risk survey with our top     During the year we also developed our scenario analysis and  leaders, followed by interviews with Board and Audit        planning to better understand how key risks could impact  Committee members and members of our Executive              our organisation. As part of this work, we initiated our ﬁrst  Leadership Team (ELT). This risk assessment is reviewed     climate change risk assessment and scenario analysis.  and updated periodically. In 2018, we issued the risk survey These scenarios have been documented, and we have  to 150 top leaders.                                         developed action plans for how we would respond to them. To gain a bottom up view of risk from an operational            READ MORE ABOUT OUR CLIMATE CHANGE RISK ASSESSMENT  perspective, we also carry out risk assessments on             AND SCENARIO ANALYSIS ON OUR WEBSITE FROM APRIL 2019 a business unit level. Each business unit has a local                                                              At present, our scenario planning work is focused on  Compliance and Risk Committee reporting to its leadership                                                              understanding and managing current risks. In future,   team. The committee reviews and updates risk on a                                                              we are aiming to integrate scenario analysis more fully   quarterly basis and makes sure that risk management is                                                              in our long-range strategic planning. incorporated into day to day business operations. The ELT  Compliance and Risk Committee oversees this work.           Risk appetite                                                             The Board considers the level of risk it is prepared to accept  In 2018, we expanded our bottom up risk assessment                                                              to deliver CCEP’s strategic objectives. process to include CCEP’s functions, as well as business  units. During the year, we identiﬁed high risk areas within In 2019, we plan to develop a more detailed understanding  certain functions and carried out detailed assessments of   of risk appetite and embed this further into CCEP’s decision  those areas. These included assessments of cybersecurity    making processes.  Risk types          Risk description External            External opportunities and risks, such as macroeconomic, socio/political and competition risks, that could fundamentally impact                      business strategy. Typically managed by teams that respond to signiﬁcant shifts in consumer or supplier behaviour. Operational         Opportunities and risks that could impact day to day operations in areas such as production, logistics or sales. Managed across all                      business areas through controls embedded in processes and procedures. Strategic           Internal opportunities and risks that could impede the achievement of strategic objectives and targets, such as poor resource                      allocation or decision making. Typically managed by senior leaders responsible for delivering strategic initiatives. Extreme events      Opportunities and risks that would have an extreme impact on the business (such as Brexit, global ﬁnancial crisis, natural                      disasters, etc.). These can materialise in any part of the business and may coincide with other risks in particular scenarios.                     Note: extreme events could occur in any principal risk and are, therefore, not allocated to any single speciﬁc category.   40      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Risk governance                                                                      Some of these risks have materialised during the year  Our risk management programme is coordinated by CCEP’s                                                                                       (such as the CO2 shortage) and impacted the entire industry.  enterprise risk management function. This is led by the                              CCEP has managed the mitigation of these risks very well  Chief Compliance Ofﬁcer, who reports to the General                                  and demonstrated robust business continuity capabilities. Counsel and Company Secretary. They provide support                                                                                       The following pages set out a summary of our principal risks  and expertise to all business units and functions across                                                                                       based on the ﬁndings of our most recent enterprise risk   the organisation.                                                                                                                                                             REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                                                      assessment. The Chief Compliance Ofﬁcer also manages business                                                                                       The Directors have carried out a robust assessment of  continuity and incident management, ethics and                                                                                       these principal risks. However, this summary is not intended  compliance, security, data privacy, and regulation (including                                                                                       to include all risks that could ultimately impact our business  in relation to recovery management), and therefore has                                                                                       and is presented in no particular order. oversight of risk management across our business. Principal risks                                                                      Risk factors                                                                                      Beyond our principal risks, CCEP faces other operational  Our principal risks are those that have been identiﬁed as                                                                                       risks that we manage as part of our daily routines, such as  most impactful to our business by our enterprise risk                                                                                       employee health and safety and human rights. We cover  assessment. CCEP deﬁnes these as risks that could                                                                                       both our principal risks and these other risks in more detail  materially and adversely affect our business, or could cause                                                                                       in our risk factors section.                                                             REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE our actual results to differ materially from those given in the  forward-looking statements within this report and other                                   READ ABOUT OUR RISK FACTORS ON PAGES 162 TO 168 public statements we make.  Summary of current principal risks Principal risk        Risk types     Deﬁnition and impact                                Key mitigation                                                Change in risk Changing              External       We make and distribute products containing          • Reducing   the sugar content of our soft drinks, through:   Stayed   consumer                             sugar and alternative sweeteners. Healthy             – Product  and pack innovation and reformulation            the same preferences and                      lifestyle campaigns, increased media scrutiny         – Managing   our product mix to increase low and no  the health impact                    and social media have led to an increasingly            calorie products                                                                 STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL of soft drinks                       negative perception of these ingredients            • Making  it easier for consumers to cut down on sugar                                       among consumers. This exposes us to the risk          by providing straightforward product information                                        that we will be unable to evolve our product          and smaller pack sizes                                      and packaging choices quickly enough to             • EU  wide soft drink industry calorie reduction                                       satisfy changes in consumer preferences. As a         commitment with the Union of European Soft Drinks                                       result, we could experience sustained decline         Associations (UNESDA)                                      in sales volume, which could impact our             • Adopting  calorie and sugar reduction commitments                                        ﬁnancial results and business performance.            at country level                                                                                          • Dialogue  with government representatives,                                                                                              non-governmental organisations (NGOs), local                                       INFORMATION  OTHER                                                                                            communities and customers                                                                                          • Employee   communication and education                                                                                          • On  pack communication of product and nutritional                                                                                             information enhanced                                                                                          • Responsible   sales and marketing codes Legal and             External       Our daily operations are subject to a broad         • Continuous   monitoring of new or changing                  Stayed   regulatory                           range of regulations at EU and national level.        regulations and appropriate implementation                  the same intervention                         These include regulations covering                    of adequate mitigations                                      manufacturing, the use of certain ingredients,      • Dialogue  with government representatives and input                                       packaging, labelling requirements, and the            to public consultations on new or changing                                       distribution and sale of our products. This           regulations                                      exposes us to the risk of regulatory changes        • Effective  compliance programmes and training                                        that may adversely impact our business.               for employees                                      As a result, we could face new or higher taxes,     • Measures   set out elsewhere in this table in relation                                       higher labour and other costs, stricter sales         to legal and regulatory intervention with respect to                                       and marketing controls, or punitive or other          changing consumer preferences and the health                                       interventionary actions from regulators or            impact of soft drinks and packaging and plastic                                      legislative bodies that negatively impact our                                       ﬁnancial results, business performance or                                       licence to operate. Packaging             External       Due to concerns about the environmental             • Continued   sustainability action plan focused on           Increasing and plastic(A)                       impacts of litter, our packaging (especially          packaging, including our commitments to:                                       single use plastic packaging) is under                – Ensure  that 100% of our primary packaging is                                       increasing scrutiny by regulators, consumers            recyclable or reﬁllable                                      and customers. This exposes us to the risk            – Drive  higher collection rates, aiming to ensure that                                       of increased regulation or taxation and                 100% of our packaging is collected for recycling                                      reputational impacts. As a result, we may have        – Ensure  that by 2025 at least half of the material we                                       to change our packaging strategy and mix in             use for our PET bottles comes from recycled plastic                                      a short time frame. This could result in a          • Work  with TCCC to explore alternative sources of                                        reduction in demand for single use plastic            rPET and innovative new packaging materials and                                       packaging, and we may be liable for increased         delivery systems                                      costs related to the design, collection,            • Work  with TCCC to encourage consumers to recycle                                       recycling and littering of our packaging.             their packaging using existing collection                                       We may be unable to respond in a cost                 infrastructure                                      effective manner and our reputation may             • Establishment   of a cross functional recovery                                       be adversely impacted.                                management ofﬁce with a dedicated focus on                                                                                             packaging collection                                                                                           • Support  for well designed deposit return schemes                                                                                             across our markets as a route to 100% collection                                                                                              and increased availability of rPET                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            41

PRINCIPAL RISKS CONTINUED  Summary of current principal risks continued Principal risk       Risk types      Deﬁnition and impact                               Key mitigation                                                Change in risk Competitiveness      Strategic       We are now implementing a programme                • Regular  competitiveness reviews ensuring effective         Stayed   and                                  of continuous improvements to stay                  steering, high visibility and quick decision making          the same transformation                       competitive in the future. This programme          • Dedicated  programme management ofﬁce and                                       includes technology transformation,                 effective project management methodology                                      continuous supply chain improvements and           • Continuation  of governance routines                                      improvements in the way we work with our           • Regular  ELT and Board reviews and approvals                                        partners and franchisors. This exposes us to        of programme progress and issue resolution                                      the risk of ineffective coordination between                                       business units and central functions, change                                       fatigue in our people and social unrest. As a                                       result, we may not create the expected value                                       from these initiatives or execute our business                                       plans effectively. We may also experience                                       damage to our corporate reputation, a                                       decline in our share price, industrial action                                       and disruption to our operations. Cyber and social     Operational     We rely on a complex IT landscape, using           • Proactive  monitoring of cyber threats and                  Increasing engineering                          both internal and external systems. These           implementing preventive measures attacks                              systems are potentially vulnerable to security     • Business  awareness and training on information                                       and cyber threats, as well as user behaviour.       security                                      This threat proﬁle is dynamically changing as      • Business  continuity and disaster recovery                                       potential attackers’ skills and tools advance.      programmes                                      This exposes us to the risk of unauthorised        • A  programme to ﬁnd and resolve vulnerabilities                                      data access, compromised data accuracy             • Third  party risk assessments                                      and conﬁdentiality, and the loss of system                                       operation. As a result, we could experience                                       disruption to operations, regulatory                                       intervention, or damage to our reputation. Market               External        Our success in the market depends on a             • Shopper  insights and price elasticity assessments          Stayed                                        number of factors. These include actions           • Pack  and product innovation                                the same                                      taken by our competitors, route to market,         • Promotional  strategy                                      and our ability to build strong customer           • Commercial   policy                                      relationships and realise price increases.         • Collaborative  category planning with customers                                      This exposes us to the risk that market forces     • Growth  centric customer investment policies                                      may limit our ability to execute our business      • Business  development plans aligned with our                                       plans effectively. As a result, we may be           customers                                      unable to expand margins, increase market          • Diversiﬁcation  of portfolio and customer base                                      share, or negotiate with customers effectively.    • Realistic  budgeting routines and targets                                                                                         • Investment  in key account development and                                                                                           category planning Economic             External        Our industry is sensitive to market conditions     • Diversiﬁed  product portfolio and the geographic            Stayed   and political                        such as commodity price volatility, inﬂation,       diversity of our operations assist in mitigating             the same conditions                           and political instability (for example, Brexit).    our exposure to any localised economic risk                                      This exposes us to the risk of an adverse          • Our  ﬂexible business model allows us to adapt our                                       impact on CCEP and our consumers, driving           portfolio to suit our customers’ changing needs during                                       a reduction of spend within our category.           economic downturns                                      As a result, we could experience reduced           • We  regularly update our forecast of business results                                       demand for our products, fail to meet our           and cash ﬂows and, where necessary, rebalance                                       growth priorities and our reputation could          capital investments                                      be adversely impacted. Relationship with    Strategic       We conduct our business primarily under            • Clear  agreements govern the relationships                  Stayed   TCCC and other                       agreements with TCCC and other franchisors.        • Incidence  pricing agreement                                the same franchisors                          This exposes us to the risk of misaligned          • Aligned  long range planning and annual business                                       incentives or strategy, particularly during         planning processes                                      periods of low category growth. As a result,       • Ongoing  pan-European and local routines between                                       TCCC or other franchisors could act                 CCEP and franchise partners                                      adversely to our interests with respect            • Positive  relationships at all levels                                      to our business relationship. Product quality      Operational     We produce a wide range of products, all           • TCCC  standards and audits                                  Stayed                                        of which must adhere to strict food safety         • Hygiene  regimes at plants                                  the same                                      requirements. This exposes us to the risk of       • Total  quality management programme                                      failing to meet, or being perceived as failing     • Robust  management systems                                      to meet, the necessary standards, which            • ISO  certiﬁcation                                      could lead to compromised product quality.         • Internal  governance audits                                      As a result, our brand reputation could be         • Quality  monitoring programme                                      damaged and our products could become              • Customer  and consumer monitoring and feedback                                      less popular with consumers.                       • Incident  management and crisis resolution  (A) Packaging was identiﬁed as a separate new principal risk during the last enterprise risk assessment.   42         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Figure 1 Enterprise risk management framework                                  ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK                                               GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT                                                        REPORT  STRATEGIC              Events & issues                                     Risks & opportunities                                                           ASSESSM                                                     ISK         ENT                 Internal losses                   R                 S                       Key indicators          APPETITE  RISK  AND  PROFILE RISK                   and issues                                                             Metrics and drivers for                Use internal tools and                                                     key risks and controls;                data sources to review                   Top down                          quantitative input for                    internal losses              Enterprise risk assessment (ERA)              risk appetite                   REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                              Functional            Projects                                              GB(A)  IB(A)  DE(A)   FR(A)  NE(A)                                                         Bottom up     MANAGEMENT  AND  REGULATORY    -                                                     Horizon scanning                External incidents               Continuous analysis identiﬁes                                               STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL              Lessons learned across            emerging risks with potential for        Scenario analysis                the industry; peer               turning into material threats          Risks under extreme                                                        in the future      REPORTING   incidents; publicly                                                         conditions               available information                                                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER                                 COMMUNICATION AND TRAINING - METHODOLOGY AND TOOL                      The enterprise risk management framework gives a holistic view on the entire risk landscape at CCEP.                      It enables better decision making and best practice sharing across business units and functions.  (A) Our  business units: Great Britain (GB), Iberia (IB), Germany (DE), France (FR) and Northern Europe (NE) (Northern Europe is Belgium, Iceland, Luxembourg,    the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden).  Internal control procedures and risk management             The Audit Committee has speciﬁc responsibility for  CCEP’s internal controls are designed to manage rather      reviewing the internal control policies and procedures  than eliminate risk, and aim to provide reasonable but      associated with the identiﬁcation, assessment and  not absolute assurance against material misstatement.       reporting of risks to check they are adequate and effective. The Board has overall responsibility for the Company’s      Our internal control processes include: system of internal controls and for reviewing its adequacy  • Board approval for signiﬁcant projects, transactions   and effectiveness. To discharge its responsibility in a       and corporate actions manner that complies with law and regulation and promotes   • Either senior management or Board approval for all major  effective and efﬁcient operation, the Board has established   expenditure at the appropriate stages of each transaction clear operating procedures, lines of responsibility and     • Regular reporting covering both technical progress and   delegated authority.                                          our ﬁnancial affairs                                                              • Board review, identiﬁcation, evaluation and management                                                                of signiﬁcant risks                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 43

VIABILITY STATEMENT   In accordance with provision C2.2 of the 2016 edition  of the UK Corporate Governance Code (the 2016 UKCGC),  the Directors assessed the viability of the Group over a  period of three years, which corresponds to the Group’s  planning cycle.  The assessment considered the Group’s prospects related     Based on the Group’s current ﬁnancial position, stable cash  to revenue, operating proﬁt, EBITDA and free cash ﬂow.      generation and access to liquidity, the Directors concluded  The Directors considered the maturity dates for the Group’s that the Group is well positioned to manage principal risks  debt obligations and its access to public and private debt  and potential downside impacts of such risks materialising  markets, including its committed multi currency credit      to ensure solvency and liquidity over the assessment period.  facility. The Directors also carried out a robust review and From a qualitative perspective, the Directors also took into  analysis of the principal risks facing the Group, including consideration the Group’s past experience of managing  those risks that could materially and adversely affect the  through adverse conditions and the Group’s strong  Group’s business model, future performance, solvency        relationship and position within the Coca-Cola system. The  and liquidity.                                              Directors considered the extreme measures the Group could                                                              take in the event of crisis, including decreasing or stopping  Stress testing was performed on a number of scenarios,                                                              non-essential capital investment, decreasing or stopping  including different estimates for operating income and free                                                              shareholder dividends, renegotiating commercial terms with  cash ﬂow. Among other considerations, these scenarios                                                              customers and suppliers or selling non-essential assets. incorporated the potential downside impact of the Group’s  principal risks, including those related to:                Based upon the assessment performed, the Directors                                                              conﬁrm that they have a reasonable expectation the  • Changing consumer preferences and the health impact                                                               Group will be able to continue in operation and meet all   of soft drinks                                                             liabilities as they fall due over the three year period covered  • Legal and regulatory intervention, including plastic                                                              by this assessment.  packaging • The risk of a signiﬁcant product quality issue or recall   44      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

SECTION 172 STATEMENT    FROM THE DIRECTORS                                                                                                                                                            REPORT  STRATEGIC  During 2018 we each acted in the way we  considered, in good faith, would be most likely  to promote CCEP’s success, based on the  information available to us at the time.                                                                                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE  Through CCEP’s culture, governance framework and                                     In 2018, we reviewed CCEP’s stakeholders and agreed   delegated authorities, we ensure that the right people take                          a stakeholder engagement matrix. This matrix identiﬁes  the right decisions at the right time. They take into                                our key and other stakeholder groups and describes how  consideration the likely long-term consequences and impact                           we, and CCEP more widely, interact with them. This is  on relevant stakeholders and the need to act fairly as                               summarised in table 1. between CCEP’s shareholders. There are details about how                                                                                            READ MORE ABOUT HOW WE LISTEN TO               this works in practice throughout this Integrated Report.                                 OUR STAKEHOLDERS ON PAGES 16 TO 17                                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Table 1 Summary of stakeholder engagement matrix in relation to key stakeholders identiﬁed by the Board  Key stakeholder group        Board engagement and information ﬂows                                                                                  More information Customers                    •  The Board receives regular updates regarding customer relationships, development and                                    See page 17                               engagement, including customer feedback and complaints data                              • Customers are considered as part of strategy sessions                              • Customer leaders are invited to present to the Board                                • The Board undertakes regular market visits, including visits to customers                                                                      INFORMATION  OTHER Suppliers                    • The Board  receives regular updates regarding supplier relationships, development and engagement               See Action on Supply                               • The Audit  Committee receives updates through internal audit of relevant processes                                 Chain on page 39  Workforce                    •  In May 2018, the Directors attended CCEP’s inaugural Group wide workforce town hall. A recording                 See Our People on                                of the event was made available to everyone at CCEP. We invited questions from the whole                                pages 18 to 19                                organisation in advance, and the full list of questions and answers, including all questions                      See the Nomination                                submitted (not only those answered on the day), was made available to everyone after the event.               Committee Chairman’s                                We intend for this to become an annual event                                                                        Letter on page 67                               • Directors attend the annual kick off conferences held in each country                                              See the Directors’                               •  Directors meet employees on market visits and factory tours and when travelling to the different             Remuneration Report                                countries in which we operate for Board meetings                                                                           on page 76                              • The Board considers and approves our people strategy                              •  Issues raised about the CoC are reported to the Audit Committee, which passes on any particular                                concerns to the Board                              •  The Nomination Committee is responsible for a range of people matters and reports to the Board                                as appropriate                              •  The Remuneration Committee is responsible for pay and reward matters and reports to the                                Board as appropriate Franchisors                  •  The Board and Afﬁliated Transaction Committee receive regular updates regarding franchisor                    See pages 16 and 174                               relationships, development and engagement                              • The Chairman engages with senior leadership at key franchisors                              •  Senior leaders from TCCC are invited to present to the Board at regular intervals                              • Directors are invited to business unit meetings and have the opportunity to meet franchisors Investors                    •  Directors are available to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting                                            See page 65 in the                               •  The 2018 Capital Markets Day was attended by the CEO, Chairman and senior management                        Corporate Governance                               •  The CEO, with the CFO, attends regular investor calls and investor events, including CAGNY                                   Report                              •  The Board receives quarterly updates from investor relations, copies of analyst consensus                                and recommendations, post-earnings reaction and commentary, and deep dives on investor                                relations at appropriate intervals                              • In 2018, the Board held a panel session with investors and analysts Communities                  •  The CSR Committee receives regular updates on community activities, environmental matters                     See Action on Society                                and other social responsibility topics and reports onward to the Board where appropriate                            on pages 34 to 35                              •  The Board sets and reviews the strategy, including plans for engagement with communities,                                and receives updates from the CSR Committee    The Company’s Strategic Report is set out on pages 1 to 45. The Strategic Report was approved by the Board on 14 March 2019 and signed on its behalf by     Damian Gammell    Chief Executive Ofﬁcer                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            45

        GOVERNANCE          AND DIRECTORS’          REPORT          48  Chairman’s Introduction         49  Board of Directors         50  Directors’ Biographies         55  Senior Management         57  Corporate Governance Report         67  Nomination Committee Chairman’s              Letter         68  Nomination Committee Report         70  Audit Committee Chairman’s Letter         71  Audit Committee Report         76  Directors’ Remuneration Report             76   Statement from the Remuneration                  Committee Chairman             78   Overview of the Remuneration                  Policy             79  Remuneration at a Glance             80   Annual Report on Remuneration         88  Directors’ Report         91  Directors’ Responsibilities Statement   46        Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGIC                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FINANCIAL                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION OTHER   Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F                                                                                                                                        47

CHAIRMAN’S INTRODUCTION                                                              “ Corporate  governance                                                                 underpins the conduct                                                                 of our daily business.”   Dear Shareholder As Chairman, I believe that promoting the highest standards At the same time we have taken steps to keep ahead of  of governance throughout the Group beneﬁ ts all of our      corporate governance developments by enhancing our  shareholders and other stakeholders and underpins the       governance practices, applying the requirements of the 2018  long-term sustainable success of Coca-Cola European         UKCGC as early as we can. For example, we have included  Partners (CCEP).                                            certain disclosures regarding the 2018 UKCGC even though                                                              it didn’t apply to us during 2018 and we are not required to  There is a brief summary of our Board’s activities during                                                              report against it yet. 2018 in table 3 on page 61, with some more details on  speciﬁ c activities elsewhere in this report. This year, as well Looking to the future as our normal agenda we focused on:                         The Board is responsible for leading CCEP and overseeing  • Reﬁ ning and overseeing the implementation of our strategy the Group’s governance, by setting its culture, values and  • Sustainable success, with particular consideration of     standards, while keeping our stakeholders’ interests front   issues around plastic and sugar, and meeting the           of mind. Along with its regular schedule of topics, the Board   commitments set out in This is Forward                     has the following activities planned for 2019: • Engaging with our stakeholders, including running our ﬁ rst Innovation and growth  employee town hall with the whole Board, which was         We will continue to pursue an active growth agenda, taking   standing room only, and reviewing the terms of reference   appropriate opportunities.  for our Committees and our forward agenda to give us a                                                              Succession planning and diversity  better understanding of stakeholders                                                              During 2019, we will again carry out a Board evaluation and  • Considering our capital allocation framework and making                                                              gap analysis against our skills matrix and diversity criteria,   the decision to start our ﬁ rst share buyback programme                                                             taking any appropriate action to ensure the Board has the  • People and encouraging a diverse and inclusive culture                                                             skills and experience needed to support CCEP’s future success. • Enhancing our corporate governance                                                             It’s important that the Board leads by example. The Board  Enhancing the governance framework                          aims to do so through diverse leadership and by listening  Corporate governance underpins the conduct of our daily     and caring, setting the inclusive tone and culture for  business. Best practice for corporate governance continues  the Group. to evolve. In 2018, the new UK Corporate Governance Code  (the 2018 UKCGC) was published, and this applies to us from Stakeholder engagement our accounting period starting on 1 January 2019.           During 2018, we developed a stakeholder engagement                                                              matrix. In 2019, we will enhance our stakeholder  Governance framework                                        engagement. Through our Committees we will gain a better  In 2018, we reviewed and amended the terms of reference     understanding of stakeholders, particularly of the people  for our Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees to    in our business who contribute to our success. ensure they meet and support the requirements of the 2018  UKCGC. Details of the changes are set out in the letters from  SEE  THE SECTION 172 STATEMENT  the Committee chairmen prefacing the Committees’ reports.      FROM THE DIRECTORS ON PAGE 45 We have continued to apply the 2016 edition of the UK       Sol Daurella Corporate Governance Code (the 2016 UKCGC) voluntarily      Chairman on a comply or explain basis during 2018.                   14 March 2019   48      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC  Our Board of Directors is diverse,  experienced and knowledgeable,  bringing together the skills we  need in line with our skills matrix.                                                                          GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE  WOMEN ON THE BOARD(A)   DIRECTORS’ SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE(A)                             Coca-Cola system Bottling industry People         3                     13              12              12          STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                        (A)   INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS ON THE BOARD                                       INFORMATION  OTHER (EXCLUDING THE CHAIRMAN)    Customer/     Marketing/PR/                              retail         consumer      Sustainability                              12              13              8        9                                Digital/                      Audit/risk/                             technology      Strategy        ﬁnance                               1              14              6   (A) Number shown is number of Directors.                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 49

DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES      AT   N  Sol Daurella                                                                         Damian Gammell  Chairman                                                                             Chief Executive Ofﬁ cer Date appointed to the Board: May 2016                                                Date appointed to the Board: December 2016 Independent: No                                                                      Independent: No Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: •  Experienced director of public companies operating in                             •  Strategy development and execution experience   an international environment                                                       • Vision, customer focus and transformational leadership •  A deep understanding of FMCG and our markets                                      •  Developing people and teams •  Extensive experience at Coca-Cola bottling companies                              •  25 years of leadership experience and in depth understanding  •  Strong international strategic and commercial skills                                of the NARTD industry and within the Coca-Cola system Key external commitments:                                                            Key external commitments: Co-Chairman and member of the Executive Committee of Cobega, S.A.,                   N/A Executive Chairman of Olive Partners, S.A., Co-Chairman of Grupo                     Previous roles: Cacaolat, S.L., director of Equatorial Coca-Cola Bottling Company, S.L.,             A number of senior executive roles in the Coca-Cola system, also Managing  director and a member of the Appointments, Remuneration and Responsible              Director and Group President of Efes Soft Drinks, and President and CEO of  Banking, Sustainability and Culture Committees of Banco Santander                    Anadolu Efes S.K. Previous roles: Various roles at the Daurella family’s Coca-Cola bottling business,  director of Banco de Sabadell, Ebro Foods and Acciona   Key   AT   Afﬁ liated Transaction Committee   A    Audit Committee   C    Corporate Social Responsibility Committee   N    Nomination Committee   R    Remuneration Committee        Committee Chairman      FULL  BIOGRAPHIES ARE AVAILABLE AT     IR.CCEP.COM/CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE/BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS  50         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                                                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE  Jan Bennink                                                                          José Ignacio Comenge Sánchez-Real Non-executive Director                                                               Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: May 2016                                                Date appointed to the Board: May 2016 Independent: Yes                                                                     Independent: No Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: •  Chairman/CEO of multinational public companies                                    •  Extensive experience of the Coca-Cola system •  Extensive experience in FMCG, including the food and beverage industry            •  Broad board experience across industries and sectors                                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL •  Thorough understanding of global and Western European markets                     •  Knowledgeable about the industry in our key market of Iberia •  Strong strategic, marketing and sales experience relevant to the                  •  Insights in formulating strategy drawn from leadership roles    beverage industry                                                                    in varied sectors Key external commitments:                                                            Key external commitments:  N/A                                                                                  Director of Olive Partners, S.A., ENCE Energía y Celulosa, S.A., Companía  Previous roles:                                                                      Vinícola del Norte de Espana, S.A., Ebro Foods S.A., Barbosa & Almeida  CEO of Royal Numico N.V., Executive Chairman of Sara Lee Corporation,                SGPS, S.A., Azora, S.A., and Ball Beverage Can Iberica, S.L. Chairman and CEO of DE Masterblenders 1753 N.V., director of Boots                   Previous roles:   Company plc, Dalli-Werke GmbH & Co KG and Kraft Foods Inc. and a member              Senior roles in the Coca-Cola system, AXA, S.A., Aguila and Heineken Spain,              INFORMATION  OTHER of the Advisory Board of ABN Amro Bank                                               Vice-Chairman and CEO of MMA Insurance   Francisco Crespo Benítez                                                             Christine Cross Non-executive Director                                                               Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: March 2018                                              Date appointed to the Board: May 2016 Independent: No                                                                      Independent: Yes Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: •  Extensive experience of working in the Coca-Cola system                           •  In depth experience working in the food and beverage industry •  Deep understanding of integrated global marketing and                             •  Consults on international business strategy, marketing and    corporate strategy                                                                   business development •  Proven track record of leading customer and commercial teams                      •  Global perspective on CCEP’s activities •  Possesses a strong network at The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC)                        •  Experience of chairing remuneration committees •  Seasoned operator in charge of P&L                                                Key external commitments:  Key external commitments:                                                            Director of Christine Cross Ltd, Sonae – SGPS, S.A., Hilton Food Group plc  Senior Vice President and Chief Growth Ofﬁ cer of TCCC                               and Pollen Estate Previous roles:                                                                      Previous roles:  TCCC’s Mexico and South Latin business units, President of the Coca-Cola             Director of Brambles Limited, Fenwick Limited, Kathmandu Holdings Limited,  Foundation in Chile, Director and Vice President respectively of the American        Tesco PLC, Next plc, Woolworths (Au) plc, Sobeys (Ca) plc, Plantasgen,  Chambers in Chile and Argentina, and also served on the boards of Zurich             Fairmont Hotels Group plc, Premier Foods plc and Taylor Wimpey plc and Zurich Compañía de Seguros, S.A. in Mexico     FULL  BIOGRAPHIES ARE AVAILABLE AT     IR.CCEP.COM/CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE/BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS                                                                                   Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            51

DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES CONTINUED   Javier Ferrán                                                                        Irial Finan Non-executive Director                                                               Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: May 2016                                                Date appointed to the Board: April 2016 Independent: Yes                                                                     Independent: No Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: •  Extensive experience in consumer brands and sales and marketing                   • Extensive international management experience   within the beverage industry                                                       •  Strong track record of growing businesses •  Broad strategic understanding of the sector                                       •  Extensive experience of working in the Coca-Cola system •  Deep experience of international commercial matters                               • International strategy •  Financial and operational background                                              •  Possesses a strong network at TCCC Key external commitments:                                                            Key external commitments:  Chairman of Diageo plc and Senior Advisor at Lion Capital LLP                        Director Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan Inc., Fortune Brands Home & Security,  Previous roles:                                                                      Inc. and the Smurﬁ t Kappa Group plc Partner at Lion Capital LLP, President and CEO of Bacardi Limited, senior            Previous roles:  independent director of and director of Associated British Foods plc and             Director and senior roles in the Coca-Cola system throughout his career  director of SABMiller plc and William Grant & Sons Ltd                               including as CEO of Coca-Cola HBC AG, President of Bottling Investments                                                                                       Group, Executive Vice President of TCCC and director of Coca-Cola Amatil,                                                                                       Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., G2G Trading, Coca-Cola East Japan and                                                                                       Coca-Cola FEMSA       C  Nathalie Gaveau                                                                      Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar Non-executive Director                                                               Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: January 2019                                            Date appointed to the Board: March 2018 Independent: Yes                                                                     Independent: No Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: •  Successful tech entrepreneur                                                      •  Broad knowledge of working in the food and beverage industry •  Expert in e-commerce and digital transformation, mobile,                          •  Extensive understanding of the Coca-Cola system, particularly    data and social marketing                                                            in Iberia •  International consumer goods experience                                           •  Expertise in ﬁ nance and investment banking Key external commitments:                                                            •  Strategic and investment advisor to businesses in varied sectors Non-executive director of Calida Group and HEC Paris                                 Key external commitments:  Previous roles:                                                                      Director of Olive Partners, S.A., Global Omnium (Aguas de Valencia, S.A.)  Founder and CEO of Shopcade, Interactive Business Director of the TBWA               and Sinensis Seed Capital SCR de RC, S.A. Tequila Group, Asia Paciﬁ c E-business and CRM Manager for Club Med,                 Previous roles:  Co-founder and Managing Director of Priceminister, Financial Analyst                 Various board appointments in the Coca-Cola system, including as President  for Lazard                                                                           of Begano, S.A., director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Coca-Cola                                                                                       Iberian Partners, S.A., as well as key executive roles in Grupo Pas and Garcon                                                                                       Vallvé & Contreras       FULL  BIOGRAPHIES ARE AVAILABLE AT     IR.CCEP.COM/CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE/BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS  52         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGIC                                                                                            A    N  L. Phillip Humann                                                                    Orrin H. Ingram II Non-executive Director                                                               Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: May 2016                                                Date appointed to the Board: May 2016 Independent: Yes                                                                     Independent: Yes Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: • Extensive experience as a director of major companies both                         • Executive experience in the wholesale, distribution, consumer goods    within and outside the Coca-Cola system                                              and transportation services industries • Expertise in banking and fi nance                                                  • A broad perspective on CCEP’s operations  • Leadership and consensus building skills                                           • Former director of a global distributor                                                 REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE • Understanding of the consumer goods and services industries                        • Strong strategic understanding Key external commitments:                                                            Key external commitments: N/A                                                                                  President and Chief Executive Offi cer of Ingram Industries Inc., Chairman  Previous roles:                                                                      and Chief Executive Offi cer of Ingram Marine Group and director of FirstBank Director of Equifax Inc., Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. and Coca-Cola            Previous roles: Enterprises, Inc. and Chairman of the Board of SunTrust Banks, Inc.                  Various positions with Ingram Materials Company, Ingram Barge Company                                                                                       and Co-President of Ingram Industries, a director of Ingram Micro Inc. and                                                                                       Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FINANCIAL                                                                                                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION OTHER       C    R                                                                               C  Thomas H. Johnson                                                                    Alfonso Líbano Daurella  Non-executive Director and Senior Independent Director                               Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: May 2016                                                Date appointed to the Board: May 2016 Independent: Yes                                                                     Independent: No Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: • Chair and CEO of international public companies                                    • Developed the Daurella family’s association with the Coca-Cola system • Manufacturing and distribution expertise                                           • Detailed knowledge of the Coca-Cola system • Extensive international management experience in Europe                            • Insight to CCEP’s impact on communities from experience as trustee  • Investment experience                                                                or director of charitable and public organisations Key external commitments:                                                            • Experienced corporate social responsibility committee chair Chief Executive Offi cer of The Taffrail Group, LLC and director                     Key external commitments: of Universal Corporation                                                             Co-Vice Chairman and member of the Executive Committee of Cobega, S.A.,  Previous roles:                                                                      director of Olive Partners, S.A., Cobega Invest, S.L. and Grupo Cacaolat, S.L.,  Chairman and CEO of Chesapeake Corporation, director of Coca-Cola                    Chairman of Equatorial Coca-Cola Bottling Company, S.L., Vice-Chairman of  Enterprises, Inc., GenOn Corporation, Mirant Corporation, ModusLink                  MECC Soft Drinks DMCC and President of GEEF European Family Business Global Solutions, Inc., Superior Essex Inc. and Tumi, Inc.                           Previous roles:                                                                                      Various roles at the Daurella family’s Coca-Cola bottling business,                                                                                       Director and Chairman of the Quality & CRS Committee of Coca-Cola Iberian                                                                                       Partners, S.A., a member of the Board of the American Chamber of                                                                                       Commerce in Spain        FULL BIOGRAPHIES ARE AVAILABLE AT     IR.CCEP.COM/CORPORATE‑GOVERNANCE/BOARD‑OF‑DIRECTORS                                                                                   Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            53

DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES CONTINUED       R                                                                                    A   R  Mario Rotllant Solá                                                                  Garry Watts  Non-executive Director                                                               Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: May 2016                                                Date appointed to the Board: April 2016 Independent: No                                                                      Independent: Yes Key strengths/experience:                                                            Key strengths/experience: •  Deep understanding of the Coca-Cola system                                        •  Extensive business experience in Western Europe and the UK, including  •  Extensive international experience in the food and beverage industry                as CEO of a global consumer goods business •  Experience of dealing with regulatory and political bodies                        •  Served as executive and non-executive director in a broad  •  Experience of chairing a remuneration committee                                     variety of sectors and previously chaired the Audit Committee  Key external commitments:                                                              of a sizeable company Vice-Chairman of Olive Partners, S.A., Co-Chairman and member of the                 •  Financial expertise, experience and skills Executive Committee of Cobega, S.A., Chairman of the North Africa Bottling           •  Formerly an auditor Company, Chairman of the Advisory Board of Banco Santander, S.A. in                  Key external commitments: Catalonia and a director of Equatorial Coca-Cola Bottling Company, S.L.              Chairman of Spire Healthcare Group plc and Foxtons Group plc and retiring  and Copesco Sefrisa                                                                  Chairman of BTG plc Previous roles:                                                                      Previous roles: Second Vice-Chairman and member of the Executive Committee and                       Audit partner at KPMG LLP, CFO of Medeva plc, CEO of SSL International,  Chairman of the Appointment & Remuneration Committee of Coca-Cola                    director of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., Deputy Chairman and Audit  Iberian Partners, S.A.                                                               Committee Chairman of Stagecoach Group plc and Protherics plc                                                                                       Board members that stepped down during the year were:                                                                                      •  J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr, who was replaced by Francisco Crespo                                                                                         Benítez in March 2018                                                                                      •  Véronique Morali, who resigned effective 31 December 2018                                                                                      •  Francisco Ruiz de la Torre Esporrín, who was replaced by Álvaro                                                                                         Gómez-Trénor Aguilar in March 2018      AT   C  Curtis R. Welling  Non-executive Director Date appointed to the Board: May 2016 Independent: Yes Key strengths/experience: •  Finance and business leadership skills •  Skilled evaluator of business performance and plans •  Experience of the ﬁ nancial services and securities industries •  Subject matter expert in sustainability and corporate responsibility Key external commitments: Director of Apjet and a member of the faculty of Dartmouth College’s  Amos Tuck School of Business Previous roles: Director of Sapient Corporation, President and CEO of AmeriCares  Foundation, CEO of Princeton eCom Corporation, SG Cowen Securities  Corporation and a director of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc.       FULL  BIOGRAPHIES ARE AVAILABLE AT     IR.CCEP.COM/CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE/BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS  54         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                                                                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC  The senior management and Damian  Gammell together constitute the  members of the Executive Leadership  Team (ELT).                                                                                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE  Nik Jhangiani                                                                        Ron Lewis  Chief Financial Ofﬁcer                                                               Chief Supply Chain Ofﬁcer Appointed May 2016                                                                   Appointed May 2016 Nik has more than 25 years of ﬁnance experience, including 17 years within           Ron is an experienced supply chain leader who leads the end to end supply  the Coca-Cola system, latterly as Senior Vice President and CFO for                  chain for CCEP. He is familiar with the Coca-Cola system, having served in  Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc.. Nik started his career in New York at accountancy       a number of general management and supply chain roles, including Senior  ﬁrm Deloitte & Touche before spending two years at Bristol-Myers Squibb as           Vice President, Supply Chain for Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., Senior Vice  International Senior Internal Auditor. He then joined the Colgate-Palmolive          President and General Manager of the Southeastern United States for   Company in New York where he was appointed Group Financial Director for              Coca-Cola Refreshments and Chief Procurement Ofﬁcer for TCCC. He has                     STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL the Nigerian operations, before moving to TCCC in Atlanta. He is a CPA.              also served as a director of ZICO and Southeastern Containers. Previously,                                                                                       Ron worked for Mars Inc. and Cargill Inc..  Clare Wardle                                                                         Lauren Sayeski  General Counsel and Company Secretary                                                Chief Public Affairs and Communications Ofﬁcer Appointed July 2016                                                                  Appointed May 2016 Clare leads legal, risk, compliance, security and company secretariat.               Lauren leads CCEP’s strategic engagement with media, policymakers, civil    Prior to joining CCEP, she was Group General Counsel at Kingﬁsher plc,               society and community stakeholders. Lauren has worked in the Coca-Cola                   INFORMATION  OTHER Commercial Director, General Counsel and Company Secretary at Tube Lines             system for over 12 years in roles across the spectrum of public affairs and  and held senior roles at the Royal Mail Group. She began her career as a             communications. She has served on transaction teams for the 2010 sale  barrister before moving to Hogan Lovells. Clare is non-executive chairman            of Coca-Cola Enterprises’ North American operations to TCCC and, most  of Basketball England, and a non-executive director of Lee/Fitzgerald                recently, on the Merger to create CCEP. Architects and Modern Pentathlon GB.  Peter Brickley                                                                       Victor Rufart  Chief Information Ofﬁcer                                                             Chief Strategy Ofﬁcer Appointed November 2016                                                              Appointed October 2016 Peter leads the business solutions, support services and technology                  Victor leads business strategy and business transformation. Prior to joining  infrastructure at CCEP, including steering CCEP’s investments in technology          CCEP, he was CEO of Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A. and spent 25 years  solutions. Peter has over 20 years’ experience leading technology for global         at Cobega, S.A.. While with Cobega, S.A., he held a number of senior roles  businesses including Heineken, Centrica and BAT. More recently, he was               including Director of New Business, Head of Finance, advisor in the formation  Global CIO and Managing Director of Global Business Services at SABMiller.           of the Equatorial Coca-Cola Bottling Company and Head of Tax Planning. Peter is also non-executive chairman of Newbury Building Society.        FULL BIOGRAPHIES ARE AVAILABLE AT       WWW.CCEP.COM/BIOS                                                                                   Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            55

SENIOR MANAGEMENT CONTINUED  Nick Wall                                                                            Francesc Cosano  Chief Human Resources Ofﬁcer                                                         General Manager, Iberia Business Unit Appointed September 2016                                                             Appointed May 2016 Nick heads CCEP’s HR function and has been working within the Coca-Cola              Francesc leads CCEP’s business unit in Spain, Portugal and Andorra.  system for over 30 years. He started his career in his native Ireland, before        He was previously the Operations Director then Managing Director of  progressing through international positions, based in Austria, Turkey, USA,          Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A.. Francesc has been part of the Coca-Cola  Zimbabwe and Swaziland. Before joining CCEP, Nick was Senior Vice-President          system for 30 years, and involved in a number of sales management  HR for TCCC’s Bottling Investment Group – with more than 80,000 employees            positions and ultimately as Sales Director then Deputy General Manager.  in 25 countries around the world. Prior to that, he was Group Head of HR for         He has also worked as Regional Director for the Leche Pascual, S.A. group,  Europe, Eurasia, & Middle East for TCCC. He worked for a Pﬁzer Inc. company          in Anglo Española de Distribución, S.A.. before joining Coca-Cola.  Leendert den Hollander                                                               Ben Lambrecht  General Manager, Great Britain Business Unit                                         General Manager, France Business Unit Appointed May 2016                                                                   Appointed May 2016 Leendert is responsible for CCEP’s business unit in Great Britain, having            Ben is responsible for CCEP’s business unit in France, having worked in the  been Vice President & General Manager of Coca-Cola Enterprises Great                 Coca-Cola system in various leadership positions for more than 20 years,  Britain. Previously, he was CEO of Young’s Seafood and Managing Director             latterly as Vice President & General Manager France of Coca-Cola  at Findus Group Ltd. Earlier in his career, Leendert spent 15 years at Procter       Enterprises, Inc.. Ben’s career began at KPMG, followed by several years in  & Gamble in senior marketing positions. Leendert is President of the British         other companies including Biscuits Delacre. Ben is a director of the French  Soft Drinks Association and a member of the Leadership Council of IGD (the           Soft Drinks Association (Boissons Rafraîchissantes de France) and of the  Institute of Grocery Distribution).                                                  French Food Association (Association Nationale de l’Industrie Alimentaire).  Frank Molthan                                                                        Stephen Moorhouse  General Manager, Germany Business Unit                                               General Manager, Northern Europe Business Unit Appointed May 2016                                                                   Appointed May 2016 Frank leads CCEP’s business unit in Germany and has 30 years’ experience             Stephen is responsible for CCEP’s business unit in Northern Europe and has  in Germany’s Coca-Cola system. He started his career at Coca-Cola bottling           16 years’ experience in the Coca-Cola system, leading operations and supply  operations in Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia. He has held             chain in Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Sweden, Norway and  a range of regional and commercial leadership roles, latterly as HR Director         Iceland. Stephen has held a number of other senior executive roles throughout  for Coca-Cola Germany. He was also Managing Director of Coca-Cola                    Europe. Prior to joining, he worked overseas for the Swire Group in the US  Deutschland Verkauf GmbH and Co. KG.                                                 and Asian Paciﬁc region.        FULL BIOGRAPHIES ARE AVAILABLE AT       WWW.CCEP.COM/BIOS  56         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC   Statement of compliance                                      Effectiveness The governance framework of the Company is set out in its    2016 UKCGC principle B.7 and provision B.7.1 Articles of Association (the Articles) and the Shareholders’ 2018 UKCGC provision 18 Agreement. These provide a high level framework for the      Sol Daurella, the Chairman, will not be subject to re-election  Company’s affairs, governance and relationship with its      during her nine year tenure following the completion of the  stakeholders and its shareholders. The Articles are          Merger. Her extended term recognises the importance of  available on the Company’s website at ir.ccep.com/           her extensive experience and knowledge of the beverage  corporate-governance/governance-documents.                   industry, and the signiﬁcant shareholding of Olive                                                               Partners, S.A. (Olive Partners) in the Company. Statement of compliance with the UK Corporate                                                                               REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Governance Code                                              None of the Independent Non-executive Directors (INEDs)  We follow the 2016 UKCGC on a comply or explain basis.       were put up for election at an Annual General Meeting  CCEP is not subject to the 2016 UKCGC as it only has a       (AGM) before the AGM in 2019. At this AGM, three INEDs will  standard listing of ordinary shares on the Ofﬁcial List.     be put up for election (Nathalie Gaveau, Dagmar Kollmann  However, we have chosen to apply the 2016 UKCGC to           and Lord Price), with three additional INEDS put up for  demonstrate our commitment to good governance as an          election at the AGMs in 2020 and 2021. From the point of  integral part of our culture. This Corporate Governance      their ﬁrst election at an AGM, an INED will be subject to    Report explains how the Company has applied the              annual re-election. This arrangement is in place to ensure     STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL 2016 UKCGC during the year ended 31 December 2018.           effective representation of public shareholders and to                                                               retain INEDs’ inﬂuence over the Company’s strategic  We also took steps in 2018 to ensure we were well            direction and operation, following the completion of the  positioned to follow the 2018 UKCGC from 1 January 2019.     Merger. This Corporate Governance Report also provides early  reporting against relevant aspects of the 2018 UKCGC.        Remuneration                                                              2016 UKCGC provision D.2.1 There are a number of instances where CCEP’s practices       2018 UKCGC provision 32 vary from the principles and provisions of both the 2016     The Remuneration Committee is not comprised solely of          INFORMATION  OTHER and 2018 UKCGCs. These are set out below.                    INEDs, although it is comprised of a majority of INEDs. The  Copies of the 2016 and 2018 UKCGCs are both available        Shareholders’ Agreement requires that the Remuneration  on the FRC’s website www.frc.org.uk/directors/corporate-     Committee comprises at least one Director nominated by: governance-and-stewardship/uk-corporate-governance-          • Olive Partners, for as long as it owns at least 15%  code.                                                         of the Company                                                              • European Refreshments (ER), a subsidiary of TCCC,   Chairman                                                               for as long as it owns at least 10% of the Company 2016 UKCGC provision A.3.1 2018 UKCGC provision 9                                       The Remuneration Committee, and its independent  The Chairman, Sol Daurella, was not independent on either    chairman, beneﬁt from the nominated Directors’ extensive  her appointment or election, within the meaning of the       understanding of the Group’s market. UKCGC. However, we beneﬁt from her vast knowledge of,  and long-term commitment to, the Coca-Cola system and  her extensive experience and leadership skills, gained from  her roles as director and CEO of large public and private  institutions across many different sectors.                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 57

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED  Remuneration                                                that at least one member of the Audit Committee should  2016 UKCGC provision D.2.2                                  have accounting or related ﬁnancial management expertise.  2018 UKCGC provision 33                                     The Board has determined that Garry Watts possesses such  The Remuneration Committee is not solely responsible        expertise and is therefore deemed the audit committee  for setting the remuneration of the Chairman, CEO and       ﬁnancial expert as deﬁned in Item 16A of Form 20-F. Non-executive Directors (NEDs). Instead, the Board  (excluding any Director whose remuneration is linked        Corporate Governance Guidelines to the decision) determines their remuneration upon the     The NYSE Rules require relevant domestic US companies   recommendation of the Remuneration Committee and            to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines.  following rigorous analysis and debate. To date, the        There is no equivalent recommendation in the 2016 UKCGC.  Board has followed all of the Remuneration Committee’s      However, the Nomination Committee reviews the  remuneration recommendations.                               governance code guidelines, as required by its terms                                                               of reference.  Differences between the 2016 UKCGC and the New York Stock  Exchange (NYSE) corporate governance rules (the NYSE Rules) Shareholder approval of equity compensation plans The Company is classed as a Foreign Private Issuer (FPI). It The NYSE Rules for domestic US companies require that  is therefore exempt from most of the NYSE Rules that apply  shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all  to domestic US listed companies, because of its voluntary   equity compensation plans and material revisions to those  compliance with the 2016 UKCGC. However, under the NYSE     plans. The Company complies with UK requirements that  Rules, the Company is required to provide an annual written are similar to those of the NYSE Rules. However, the Board  afﬁrmation to the NYSE and disclose signiﬁcant differences  does not explicitly take into consideration the NYSE’s  between its corporate governance practices and those        detailed deﬁnition of “material revisions”. followed by domestic US companies listed on the NYSE.       Code of Conduct The signiﬁcant differences are summarised below.            The NYSE Rules require relevant domestic US companies to  Director independence                                       adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics  The NYSE Rules require a majority of the Board to be        for their directors, ofﬁcers and employees. CCEP has a Code  independent. The 2016 UKCGC requires at least half of       of Conduct (CoC) that currently applies to all Directors and  the Board (excluding the Chairman) to be independent.       the senior ﬁnancial ofﬁcers of the Group. See   The NYSE Rules contain different tests from the 2016 UKCGC  ir.ccep.com/corporate-governance/code-of-conduct.   for determining whether a director is independent. The      If the Board amends or waives the provisions of the CoC,  independence of the Company’s NEDs is reviewed by the       details of the amendment or waiver will appear on the  Board on an annual basis, taking into account the guidance  website. No such waiver has been made or given to date. contained in the 2016 UKCGC and criteria established by     The new CoC was approved by the Board in 2017 and  the Company. It has determined that a majority of the Board launched in early 2018 for employees in all countries in which  is independent, without explicitly taking into consideration we operate, except Germany where initially it was applied  the independence requirements outlined in the NYSE Rules.   only to senior management. From 19 December 2018,  Board Committees                                            following acceptance by the Works Council, the new CoC  The Company has a number of Committees whose purpose        was implemented for all employees in Germany. We also  and composition are broadly comparable in purpose and       expect all third parties who work on our behalf, such as  composition to those required by the NYSE Rules for         suppliers, vendors, contractors, consultants, distributors  domestic US companies. However, other than the Audit        and agents, to act in an ethical manner consistent with our  Committee, the Committee members are not all INEDs,         CoC and in compliance with our Supplier Guiding Principles. although in all cases the majority are. Each Committee has  The CoC covers issues such as share dealing, anti-bribery,  its own terms of reference (broadly equivalent to a charter data protection, environmental regulation, human rights,  document) which can be found on our website at ir.ccep.     health, safety, wellbeing and respect for others. It aligns  com/corporate-governance/governance-documents.              with the UN Global Compact, the US Foreign Corrupt  A summary of the terms of reference, roles and activities   Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, the 2016 and 2018  of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee       UKCGCs, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, the  can be found in the Committees’ respective reports. The     Spanish and Portuguese Criminal Codes and Sapin II. The  Remuneration Committee’s terms of reference include         Company considers that the CoC and related policies  responsibility for matters relating to remuneration policy, address the NYSE Rules on the codes of conduct for  share-based incentive plans, employee beneﬁt plans and      relevant domestic US companies. implementation of the remuneration policy.                                                             We received no ﬁnes for CoC violations in 2018. Audit Committee More information about the Audit Committee is set out in         SEE DETAILS OF COC REPORTING ON PAGE 21 its report, including compliance with the requirements of  Rule 10A-3 under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934,    NED meetings as amended, and Section 303A.06 of the NYSE Rules. The      The NYSE Rules require NEDs to meet regularly without  Audit Committee is comprised only of INEDs (complying       management and independent directors to meet separately  with the NYSE Rules). However, the responsibilities of the  at least once a year. The 2016 UKCGC requires NEDs to meet  Audit Committee (except for applicable mandatory            without the Chairman present at least once annually to  responsibilities under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) follow the   appraise the Chairman’s performance. The NEDs have regular  2016 UKCGC’s recommendations rather than the NYSE           meetings without management present. There are also  Rules, although they are broadly comparable. One of the     meetings of the INEDs as required and at least once a year. NYSE’s similar requirements for the Audit Committee states   58      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Leadership                                                  Meeting attendance Roles and responsibilities of the Board                     The Board held ﬁve formal meetings during 2018, with  The Board is primarily responsible for the Group’s strategic additional ad hoc meetings with Board and Committee  plan, risk appetite, systems of internal control and corporate members held in line with business needs. Directors and  governance policies, to ensure the long-term success of     Committee members are expected to attend every meeting.  the Group. To retain control of key decisions and ensure    If a Director is unable to attend a meeting, the relevant    there is a clear division of responsibilities, there is a formal meeting papers are provided to that Director in advance of REPORT  STRATEGIC schedule of matters reserved to the Board, which sets       the relevant meeting so that comments can be given to the  out the structure under which the Board manages its         Chairman or Committee Chairman, as applicable, who relays  responsibilities, and provides guidance on how it discharges them at the meeting. After the meeting, the Chairman or  its authority and manages its activities. Key matters include: Committee Chairman, as applicable, also briefs the Director  • Strategic decisions                                       on the matters discussed. • Approval of annual and long-term business plans           Attendance during 2018 is set out in table 2. • Suspension, cessation or abandonment of any material   activity of the Group                                      The Chairman attends most Committee meetings.   • Material acquisitions and disposals                       The Chairman of the Audit Committee sits on the  • Approvals relating to listings                            Remuneration Committee and the Chairman of the  • Change of the Company’s country of incorporation          Remuneration Committee sits on the Audit Committee.                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE • Amendment or repeal of the constitution of the Company    Both the Audit and Remuneration Committee Chairmen   • Material commitment or arrangement of the Group outside   are INEDs and offer impartial and extensive experience    the normal course of business and/or not speciﬁcally       and knowledge of the responsibilities of each Committee.  identiﬁed in the annual business plan                                                             Cross membership between Board Committees and active  The Board is responsible for the management of the Group.   collaboration means liaison across Committees is working  While both the Executive Director and NEDs have the same    well. See ﬁgure 1 for details. duties and constraints, they have different roles on the                                                              At the end of most Board meetings, two sessions are held:  Board (see table 1). There is a clear, written division of                                                                  STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                                             one that all Directors attend, without management present,  responsibilities between the Chairman and the CEO.                                                             and the other that all the NEDs attend, without management                                                              or the CEO present. Directors may raise any matter they wish                                                              for discussion at these sessions. Table 1 Roles on the Board Role                       Responsibilities                                                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER Chairman                   • Operating, leading and governing the Board                            • Setting meeting agendas, managing meeting timetables                            • Promoting culture of open debate between Directors and encouraging effective communication during meetings                            • Creating the conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness CEO                        • Leading the business                            • Implementing strategy approved by the Board                            • Overseeing the operation of the internal control framework Senior Independent Director •  Advising and supporting the Chairman by acting as an alternative contact for shareholders and as an intermediary  (SID)                       to NEDs NEDs                       • Providing external insight to the Board and its Committees                            • Offering their extensive experience and business knowledge from other sectors and industries Company Secretary          • Assisting the Chairman by ensuring that all Directors have full and timely access to relevant information                            • Advising the Board on legal, compliance and corporate governance matters                            • Organising the induction and ongoing training of Directors  Figure 1 Board Committee cross membership                                                                                                           Corporate Social                                      Audit Committee    Nomination Committee  Remuneration Committee Responsibility Committee Afﬁliated Transaction                        1                       2                      –                       1 Committee Corporate Social                            0(A)                     –                       1 Responsibility Committee Remuneration                                 2                       1 Committee Nomination                                   1 Committee  (A) Véronique Morali was a member of both the Audit Committee and the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee until her resignation on 31 December 2018.                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 59

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED  Table 2 Meeting attendance by Board and Committee members(A)                             Independent or                                    Afﬁliated                             nominated by Olive                Board of      Transaction              Audit                           Nomination      Remuneration                             Partners or ER(B)                Directors      Committee          Committee      CSR Committee          Committee          Committee Chairman Sol Daurella               Nominated by                         5 (5)              5 (5)                                                    5 (5)                            Olive Partners Executive Director Damian Gammell             CEO                                  5 (5) Non-executive  Directors Jan Bennink                Independent                          5 (5)              5 (5)(E)                                                 5 (5) José Ignacio de            Nominated by                         5 (5)              5 (5) Comenge Sánchez-Real       Olive Partners Francisco                  Nominated by ER                      4 (4)                                                    4 (4) Crespo Benítez(C) Christine Cross            Independent                          5 (5)                                 7 (7)                                                    5 (5)(E) J. Alexander               Nominated by ER                      1 (1)                                                    1 (1) M. Douglas, Jr(C) Javier Ferrán              Independent                          4 (5)(F)           4 (5)(F)           6 (7)(F) Irial Finan                Nominated by ER                      5 (5)                                                                       5 (5)              5 (5) Álvaro Gómez-Trénor        Nominated by                         4 (4) Aguilar(D)                 Olive Partners L. Phillip Humann          Independent                          5 (5)                                                                       5 (5)(E) Orrin H. Ingram II         Independent                          5 (5)                                 7 (7)                                 5 (5) Thomas H. Johnson          SID                                  5 (5)                                                    5 (5)                                 5 (5) Alfonso Líbano Daurella    Nominated by                         5 (5)                                                    5 (5)(E)                            Olive Partners Véronique Morali           Independent                          4 (5)(G)                              7 (7)              5 (5) Mario Rotllant Solà        Nominated by                         5 (5)                                                                                          5 (5)                            Olive Partners Francisco Ruiz de la       Nominated by                         1 (1) Torre Esporrín(D)          Olive Partners Garry Watts                Independent                          5 (5)                                 7 (7)(E)                                                 4 (5)(I) Curtis R. Welling          Independent                          5 (5)              4 (5)(H)                              4 (5)(H)  (A)  The maximum number of meetings in the period during which the individual was a Board or Committee member is shown in brackets. Nathalie Gaveau, an INED,     joined the Board on 1 January 2019 and so did not attend any meetings in 2018. (B)  Nominated pursuant to the Articles of Association and terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement. (C)  Francisco Crespo Benítez was appointed as a Director by ER when J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr stepped down on 7 March 2018. (D)  Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar was appointed as a Director by Olive Partners when Francisco Ruiz de la Torre Esporrín stepped down on 7 March 2018. (E)  Chairman of the Committee. (F)  Javier Ferrán missed one meeting of the Board, one meeting of the Afﬁliated Transaction Committee and one meeting of the Audit Committee due to      a prior engagement. (G)  Véronique Morali missed one meeting of the Board due to a prior engagement. (H)  Curtis R. Welling missed one meeting of the Afﬁliated Transaction Committee and one meeting of the CSR Committee due to unforeseen family circumstances. (I)  Garry Watts missed one meeting of the Remuneration Committee due to a prior engagement.  Activities of the Board                                                              Governance structure The Chairman sets the Board agenda, which consists of the                            The Group operates within a framework of delegated  following discussion matters:                                                        authority that ensures an appropriate level of Board  • Updates from the CEO, the CFO and other key senior                                 contribution to, and oversight of, key decisions and the    executives on the business performance and key                                     management of daily business. This framework is outlined    business initiatives                                                               in ﬁgure 2 on page 62. • Governance matters                                                                 Each of the ﬁve Committees has its own written terms of  • Strategy, diversity, sustainability, material expenditure                          reference, which are reviewed annually. These are available    and other Group matters                                                            at ir.ccep.com/corporate-governance/governance-                                                                                      documents. The key areas of focus for the Board’s activities and topics  discussed during the year are set out in table 3. Strategy remained a key focus for the Board throughout the  course of the year. It held a separate strategy day in July2018,                  which was attended by members of the ELT. At the event  the Directors and members of the ELT considered the key  drivers of strategy, and debated and scrutinised the Group’s  performance when compared to its strategic plan.   60         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Table 3 Board activities in 2018  Strategic imperative (SI)/ area of focus                Discussion topics Top line revenue             • Increasing consumer choice by innovating on ﬂavours and growing our portfolio of products growth (SI)                  • Packaging mix                              • Reﬁning assessments of acquisitions opportunities                              • Focusing on digital revenue streams and the digital transformation programme                                                                   REPORT  STRATEGIC                              • Long-term industry trends and opportunities                              • Enterprise wide risk assessment                              • Approval of annual business plan Customer and execution       • Enhancing customer convenience by expanding distribution channels such as online marketplaces centric business (SI)        • The growth of discounter, value and convenience customers                              • Focusing on end to end service delivery and reshaping our sales force to address market opportunities                              • Supply chain evolution and focus areas Competitiveness (SI)         • The 2018 and 2019 annual business plans, including strategic priorities                              • Long range planning                              • Progress of the integration and transformation programmes                              • Capital allocation and expenditure                              • Operating model                              • Debt structure including bond programme and revolving credit facility                              • Share buyback programme                              • Competitor review                                                                                                                              REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                              • External landscape review Sustainability and           •  Deﬁning our sustainable packaging strategies including consideration of the implementation of the EU directive   stakeholder equity (SI)       on single use plastics                              • Considering our position on the EU directive on tethered caps                              • Growing demand for low and no calorie products and product reformulation                              • Review of CCEP’s key and other stakeholders and engagement with them                              • General Data Protection Regulation readiness programme                              •  Planning for Brexit including contingency and scenario planning and consideration of risks to areas such as trade                                 and customs, people and immigration, and operations                              • Approval of 2018 Modern Slavery Statement                              • Approval of tax strategy                                                                                                                       STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                              • Considering our investor engagement plan Culture and                  •  People strategy including performance acceleration, employee engagement, talent, diversity and inclusion,   capability (SI)               learning and development, and harmonisation of structures                              • Group culture and its role in supporting the strategy                              • Gender pay gap reporting                              • Labour relations                              • Attendance at Group wide workforce town hall with the whole Board                              • Licence to operate  Corporate governance         • Approval of ﬁnancial results and associated viability and going concern statements                                                             INFORMATION  OTHER                              • Approval of interim dividend payments                              • Approval of Annual Report and Form 20-F for 2017, subject to ﬁnal sign off by a sub committee                              • Approval of Notice of AGM, subject to ﬁnal sign off by a sub committee                              • Board evaluation feedback and action plan, including agreeing objectives for the Board                              •  Publication of the 2018 UKCGC and action required including approving updated terms of reference for the Audit,                                 Nomination and Remuneration Committees                              • Consideration of new reporting requirements affecting CCEP                              • Matrix of skills required on the Board to enable CCEP to win in the future and succession planning for the Board                              • Approval of policies and of policy governance and framework                              • Approval of new Director appointments: Francisco Crespo Benítez, Nathalie Gaveau and Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            61

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED  Figure 2 Governance framework                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK                STAKEHOLDERS          (INCLUDING SHAREHOLDERS,             EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS,                                   CODE OF CONDUCT                                             OUR STRATEGY          COMMUNITIES, FRANCHISORS                  AND SUPPLIERS)                  Licence to operate                                        How we work                                                 Our aims                                                                   BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                PROVIDES OVERALL LEADERSHIP, INDEPENDENT OVERSIGHT OF PERFORMANCE                              AND IS ACCOUNTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS FOR THE GROUP’S LONG-TERM SUCCESS                      Afﬁliated                      Audit                  Corporate Social                Nomination                  Remuneration                    Transaction                  Committee                Responsibility (CSR)             Committee                    Committee                   Committee                                                 Committee                                           Monitors the integrity                                    Sets selection criteria          Recommends                  Has oversight of              of the Group’s                  Oversees                and recommends              Remuneration Policy                 transactions with           ﬁnancial statements          performance against             candidates for              and framework                afﬁliates and makes              and results                CCEP’s strategy              appointment of               to the Board and                recommendations to             announcements,              and goals for CSR,             INEDs, reviews               shareholders,                the Board (afﬁliates         the effectiveness of          reviews CSR risks           Directors’ suitability           recommends                are holders of 5% or         internal controls and          facing CCEP and                for election/               remuneration               more of the securities         risk management               the practices by              re-election by                packages for                 or other ownership          as well as managing           which these risks              shareholders,               members of the                 interests of CCEP).         the external auditor          are managed and             considers Directors’             Board to the                                                 relationship.            mitigated, approves           potential conﬂicts            Board, approves                                                                             sustainability            of interest, oversees           remuneration                                                                                                                                     commitments and              development of a            packages for senior            DELEGATION                                           SEE PAGES 70 TO 75           targets, and monitors         diverse pipeline for            management,                                             FOR MORE DETAILS              and reviews public          senior management             reviews workforce                                                                           policy issues that              and Director              remuneration and                                                                           could affect CCEP.            succession, and              related policies                                                                                                          oversees wider             and principles, and                                                                                                        people matters for           governs employee      ACCOUNTABILITY                                                      SEE PAGES 30 TO 39           the Group, including           share schemes.                                                                         FOR MORE DETAILS               culture, diversity,                                                                                                                                                                                                                         CSR data for 2018 will         succession, talent                                                                                                         and leadership.            SEE PAGES 76 TO 87                                                                          be published on our                                       FOR MORE DETAILS                                                                         website in April 2019                                                                                                                          SEE PAGES 67 TO 69                                                                                                       FOR MORE DETAILS                              Additional Director led committees                                                    Executives                                                                                                        CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER                              DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE                                              EMPOWERED BY AUTHORITY OF THE BOARD                                                                                                TO PUT AGREED STRATEGY INTO EFFECT AND                                                                                                      RUN CCEP ON A DAY TO DAY BASIS                                                                                                                        ELT                                  CAPITAL ALLOCATION                                              MEMBERS REPORT TO AND SUPPORT THE                              FRAMEWORK COMMITTEE                                                 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER WITHIN THEIR                                                                                                    DEFINED AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY   62         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Effectiveness                                                Re-election of Directors Composition of the Board                                     The Board has determined that all Directors, subject to  The composition of the Board and its Committees is set out   continued satisfactory performance, shall stand for  in table 2 on page 60. This includes details of appointments re-election at each AGM with the exception of the Chairman  and resignations during 2018.                                and some of the INEDs, as explained on page 57. All Directors                                                               appointed by Olive Partners and ER (other than the Chairman)  The NED terms of appointment are available for inspection                                                                will submit themselves for re-election at the 2019 AGM.        REPORT  STRATEGIC at the Company’s registered ofﬁce and at each AGM.                                                              Nathalie Gaveau, Dagmar Kollmann and Lord Price will stand  Independence of Non-executive Directors                      for election at the 2019 AGM. Following its performance  The Board reviewed the independence of all of the NEDs       assessments of Directors, the Board is conﬁdent that each  against the UKCGCs and also considered the requirements      Director will continue to perform their duties effectively and  of SEC Rule 10A-3 in relation to the Audit Committee. It     remains committed to CCEP. determined that Jan Bennink, Christine Cross, Javier Ferrán,                                                                   SEE THE SIGNIFICANT COMMITMENTS OF OUR DIRECTORS   Nathalie Gaveau (from her appointment), L. Phillip Humann,                                                                  IN THEIR BIOGRAPHIES ON PAGES 50 TO 54 Orrin H. Ingram II, Thomas H. Johnson, Véronique Morali  (until her resignation), Garry Watts and Curtis R. Welling are Induction and training independent and continue to make effective contributions.    A comprehensive induction programme is made available to  The Board recognises that seven of CCEP’s NEDs, including    our new Directors, tailored to their individual requirements  the Chairman, cannot be considered independent. However,     and phased to allow feedback and further customisation of      REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE they continue to demonstrate effective judgement when        meetings and other development activities. CCEP provides  carrying out their roles and are clear on their obligations as each of them with a suite of induction materials explaining: Directors including under section 172 of the Companies Act.  • Their role and responsibilities                                                              • Attributes of an effective board Our CEO, Damian Gammell, is not considered independent                                                               • Their legal duties and responsibilities, including in relation  because of his executive responsibilities to the Group.                                                               to section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 Consequently, the majority of the Directors and the NEDs     • The calendar of Board and Committee meetings  are independent.                                             • Governance documents, policies and procedures                STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Diversity                                                    • Committee terms of reference As their biographies on pages 50 to 54 show, our Board       • Our CoC members have a range of backgrounds, skills, experiences     • Our share dealing code and nationalities, demonstrating a rich cognitive diversity  • Background information about the Group beyond gender.                                               Meetings with members of the Board and the ELT and site  Our commitment to diversity begins at the top, with clear    visits in a number of our markets are also arranged.  leadership from our Board, and is embedded at every level    Francisco Crespo Benítez and Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar       INFORMATION  OTHER of our business through This is Forward and the CoC. Our     completed their induction during 2018 and Nathalie Gaveau  Board is conﬁdent it will achieve its goal for women to make commenced her induction in early 2019. up 33% of its Directors by 2020. The Nomination Committee    Training and development opportunities are regularly  is committed to overseeing a diverse pipeline for senior     provided to Directors following their induction. The  management and Director positions.                           programme for 2018 is set out in table 4.     SEE THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT      ON PAGES 67 TO 69 The Board: • Has started its 2019 review of performance and   effectiveness and appointed Lintstock to support this • Will continue to keep its procedures under review    to ensure their effectiveness  • Will monitor and assess how it spends its time so that   it can continue to improve and reﬁne the focus and   balance of its meetings      SEE THE BOARD’S DIVERSITY POLICY ON THE COMPANY’S     WEBSITE AT IR.CCEP.COM/CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE/OVERVIEW      SEE OUR EMPLOYEE GENDER DIVERSITY STATISTICS      ON PAGE 19                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 63

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED  Table 4 Director training and development programme   Form of training    Purpose                         Subject Brieﬁngs            Focused on in depth studies of matters Separate deep dives regarding:                     of topical interest to CCEP as well as on • The  French, GB, German, Iberian, Northern Europe and Netherlands operations                     relevant commercial, legal and  • The Group’s people strategy                     regulatory developments         • Investor relations                                                     • Board Intelligence training materials available through a Board portal Development sessions To address requests from Directors • Competitor deep dive with TCCC                                                     • Packaging mix                                                     • Adjacent market opportunities Site visits         Visits to Group businesses, factories and • Lille, France                     commercial outlets to enhance   • London, GB                     knowledge of CCEP operations and meet • Edmonton, GB                     employees, suppliers and customers • Amsterdam, Netherlands                                                     •  Opportunity to attend kick off meetings in business units and supply chain taken                                                       up by some Directors External speakers   To receive insights from experts and • James Quincey, President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer TCCC                     engage with stakeholders        • Tim Brett, President of TCCC’s Western Europe business unit                                                     • Analysts that follow CCEP                                                     •  Professor Thomas Malnight: Escalating the Strategic Conversation                                                     • CCEP’s Digital Advisory Committee:                                                       –  Carlos Cordon (Professor of Strategy and Supply Chain, IMD Institute)                                                       –  Roisin Donnelly (NED, Just Eat PLC and NED, Holland & Barrett, among others)                                                       –  Daniele Fiandaca (advisor and co-founder of multiple start-up businesses)                                                       –  Lars Hinrichs (NED, Deutsche Telekom, and digital entrepreneur)                                                       –  Simon Thompson (Chief Product Ofﬁcer, Ocado PLC, and NED, Royal Mail PLC)                                                     • Brexit panel:                                                       –  Kevin Gardiner (Global Investment Strategist, Rothschild Wealth Management)                                                       –  Glenn Hall (Partner and Co-Head of Government Relations & Public Policy,                                                         Norton Rose Fulbright)                                                       –  Daniel Mikkelsen (Senior Partner, McKinsey)                                                       –  Lord Mark Price (Founder, Engaging Works, and Chairman of Trustees, Fairtrade)  Board evaluation                                            Throughout the year Directors have access to the advice   In 2018, Fﬁon Hague of Independent Board Evaluation (IBE)   and services of the Company Secretary and independent  carried out an externally facilitated Board evaluation.     professional advice, at the Company’s expense. Neither Fﬁon nor IBE has any connection with the Board                                                              Conﬂicts of interest or any individual Director. The Board evaluation process                                                              The Nomination Committee considers issues involving  involved interviewing each Director, and observing Board                                                              potential conﬂicts of interest of Directors. The Prospectus  and Committee meetings. The evaluation produced                                                              outlines numerous potential conﬂicts of interest of certain  comprehensive reports on the Board, each Committee                                                               Board members, as at the date of the Prospectus. and the Directors, and the Board discussed them in detail.  Overall, the Board conﬁrmed that it continued to perform    The following were recognised as potential conﬂicts of  effectively but identiﬁed some areas for improvement.       interests with regards to Cobega, S.A. (Cobega): These are set out in table 5.                               • Sol Daurella is a shareholder, co-chairman and member   Board support                                                of its executive committee Board meetings are scheduled at least one year in           • Alfonso Líbano Daurella is a shareholder, co-vice chairman  advance, with ad hoc meetings arranged to suit business      and member of its executive committee needs. These meetings are held in a variety of locations,   • Mario Rotllant Solá is a co-chairman and member of its  reﬂecting our engagement with all aspects of our             executive committee international business.                                     • Sol Daurella and Alfonso Líbano Daurella are indirect                                                               shareholders in the following subsidiaries of Cobega: The agenda of Board meetings follows our annual Board        − Grupo Norte de Distribucion, S.L. and Daufood U. Lda.,  programme. This sets out the standing items at each            which have commercial agreements with Cobega for,  meeting, such as periodic activities (including results and    respectively, the distribution and purchase of our  AGM documentation), business plan and the assessment           products of Board evaluation results.                                 − Norinvest Consumo, S.L., which has a lease agreement  Ahead of the Board meeting, the Chairman, CEO and              with Norbega S.A., a subsidiary within the Group Company Secretary agree the ﬁnal agenda. This covers         − Delivra, S.L. and Gadisven, S.A., which have agreements  discussion items such as the status of ongoing projects        in place for the provision of equipment maintenance  and stakeholder considerations. Comprehensive brieﬁng          services to us and, in the case of Gadisven, S.A., also for  papers are circulated electronically to all Directors, to allow the supply of our products time to review the matters which are to be discussed.   64      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Table 5 2018 Board evaluation ﬁndings and actions                        Focus and prioritisation of strategic                       objectives at Board meetings    Succession and recruitment planning Board support and Director development 2018 ﬁndings         Establish a clear medium-term   Improve INED succession planning to Provide further governance training                       business strategy to complement the ensure the Board has the right skills and based on experience, encourage                       long-term business strategy by focusing experience to support CCEP winning participation and internal Board                       Board discussions               today, to win tomorrow           mentoring                             REPORT  STRATEGIC Actions undertaken in •  Agreed to set annual, measurable •  Developed a skills matrix to identify •  Developed an induction framework   2018                  objectives for the Board to monitor its the key skills needed on the Board for for new Directors to ensure exposure                        performance and facilitate the  the future                       to our operations and understanding                        prioritisation of matters discussed at •  Developed succession plans taking of our governance framework                       Board meetings throughout the year into account diversity targets and •  Provided additional training                        •  Reﬁned the format for Board papers  skills gaps identiﬁed in the skills and reference materials in                         to ensure the right focus at meetings matrix                     a resources portal                      •  Will hold the Board’s strategy day •  Delegated role of ensuring a diverse                        separately rather than following a pipeline of senior management to the                        routine Board meeting from 2019 Nomination Committee, in preparation                       •  Developed a stakeholder engagement for 2018 UKCGC implementation                       matrix  Irial Finan and J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr held various    Relations with shareholders                                     REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE roles in TCCC until March 2018. Francisco Crespo Benítez    The Board recognises the importance of regular  continues to hold roles in TCCC. When considering           engagement with both existing and potential shareholders.  Francisco’s appointment as a Director, the Board was        During 2018, the Board, the ELT and the investor relations  conﬁdent that these roles would not interfere with          team worked together to ensure this happened. This included: Francisco’s clear commitment to CCEP as Director.           • Quarterly results announcements, accompanied by  The following were recognised as potential conﬂicts of        webcast conference calls, where investors and analysts  interests with regards to Fimalac Développement (Fimalac):    were invited to participate                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL • Véronique Morali is its chairman and chief ofﬁcer of its  • A capital markets day, focused on outlining the next phase   digital division, WEBEDIA                                    beyond CCEP’s Merger                                                             • Investor conferences, often incorporating webcast  The Board is satisﬁed that the systems for reporting          presentations alongside group and one to one meetings situational conﬂicts (situations where a Director has an    • Investor roadshow meetings across Europe, the US   interest that conﬂicts, or may conﬂict, with our interests)   and Canada are operating effectively.                                                              Our CEO, CFO and the investor relations team engage with                                                                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER Accountability                                              investors and analysts throughout the year to ensure our  Disclosures of compliance with provisions of the            strategy and performance are clearly understood, and that  Accountability sections of the 2016 UKCGC are located       their views and market sentiment are clearly communicated  elsewhere in this Integrated Report. Table 6 sets out where within CCEP. The Board, in particular, receives regular  each respective disclosure can be found.                    updates on the views of shareholders and the investor                                                              relations programme at each Board meeting.                                                             We share market information on the investor relations                                                              section of our website. This includes results, annual reports,                                                              presentations, archived webcasts and transcripts, other                                                              announcements, and shareholder information and services.                                                              The website also has a rolling ﬁnancial calendar with news                                                              of upcoming events.                                                             Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 65

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED  Table 6 Disclosure of compliance with provisions of the Accountability section of the 2016 UKCGC Items located elsewhere in the 2018 Integrated Report                                                           Page(s) Directors’ responsibilities statement                                                                              91 Directors’ statement that they consider the Integrated Report and accounts, taken as a whole, to be fair, balanced and 91 understandable Statement by the external auditor of its reporting responsibilities                                               100 The Group’s business model                                                                                     16 to 17 Group strategy                                                                                                 14 to 15 Going concern statement                                                                                            90 Assessment of the Group’s principal risks                                                                      40 to 43 Viability statement                                                                                                44 Risk management and internal control systems and the Board’s review of their effectiveness                         43 Audit Committee Report                                                                                         70 to 75  Annual General Meeting The AGM continues to be a key date in our annual  shareholder engagement programme. In 2018, members   of the Board and the ELT attended the AGM to discuss  the resolutions in the Notice of AGM, the business, and to  answer shareholders’ questions. We were pleased that  shareholders holding 87.10% of the issued shares provided  voting instructions, and all resolutions were passed by more  than 80% of those voting. The 2019 AGM of the Company will be held in May at  Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ, United  Kingdom. The Notice of AGM will set out a full description  of the business to be conducted at the meeting. This will  be available on our website from the time of its posting to  shareholders in April 2019. As with last year, the Chairman, SID and Committee  Chairmen plan to attend the AGM to give shareholders   an opportunity to ask them questions about the Group   and its business, either during the AGM or informally  afterwards. They are also available to shareholders for  discussion throughout the year to discuss any matters  under their areas of responsibility, by contacting the  Company Secretary.      READ MORE ABOUT OUR ENGAGEMENT WITH      STAKEHOLDERS IN OUR BUSINESS MODEL ON PAGES 16 TO 17 Sol Daurella  Chairman  14 March 2019   66      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

NOMINATION COMMITTEE   CHAIRMAN’S LETTER                                                                                                           REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                               “ We continue to focus on                                                                 maintaining a well balanced                                                                 Board with the right mix                                                                  of individuals who can                                       REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                                                apply their wider business                                                                 knowledge and experience                                                                   to overseeing and guiding                                    STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                                                the delivery of                                                                 the Group’s strategy.” Dear Shareholder   I am pleased to report on the work of the Nomination         • Assess and monitor leadership talent development             INFORMATION  OTHER Committee during 2018. This year our activities have          programmes focused on INED succession; Board skills, experience         •  Ensure effective engagement with relevant stakeholders  and cognitive diversity; and our people. A brief summary      (including the workforce) on diversity, succession and  of these activities is provided in table 1 on page 69. We give talent policies and practices, making sure their views are  more details about some of these activities throughout the    understood and considered by the Board rest of the Nomination Committee Report.                                                              We are working with management to develop the reporting  Changes to our remit                                         needed to support us in meeting our new responsibilities.  As our Chairman explains in her introduction to the          We will report on our activities at the end of the year. Governance and Directors’ Report, a new UK Corporate  Governance Code was published in July 2018 and will          Availability to shareholders apply to us from 1 January 2019. We have considered the      I will be available at our 2019 Annual General Meeting to  Committee’s terms of reference as part of a wider review     answer any questions about the work of the Committee. of governance arrangements to ensure compliance with         L. Phillip Humann the 2018 UKCGC.                                              Chairman of the Nomination Committee Although the Committee was already fulﬁ lling many of the    14 March 2019 duties regarding culture and workforce on an informal basis,  we have now expanded its remit to include speciﬁ c  responsibilities. In particular, it will now formally: • Oversee the development of a diverse pipeline for senior   management positions as well as the Board • Assess and monitor the Group’s culture  • Ensure that diversity, succession and talent policies and   practices within the Group are in line with its purpose   and values and support its desired culture • Help set diversity objectives and strategies and monitor   the impact of diversity initiatives                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 67

NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT   Nomination Committee role                                   We announced on 8 March 2019 that Dagmar Kollmann  The key duties and responsibilities of the Nomination       and Lord Mark Price would, subject to their election at  Committee are set out in its terms of reference. These are  the AGM in May 2019, succeed L. Phillip Humann and  available at ir.ccep.com/corporate-governance/governance-   Curtis R. Welling. Dagmar brings a wealth of experience in  documents. They cover the following areas:                  ﬁnance and international listed groups to the Board, while  • Corporate governance                                      Mark brings his substantial experience in retail. They will  • Director selection, re-election and review                also both undertake a detailed induction programme. • Potential conﬂicts of interest                            The current INED selection criteria reﬂect the importance   • Evaluations of the Board and succession planning          of selecting candidates who can give voice to stakeholder  • Culture and workforce                                     interests effectively, particularly to help discharge the                                                              Board’s duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. Activities of the Nomination Committee during   the year                                                        SEE OUR INED SELECTION CRITERIA AT IR.CCEP.COM/~/MEDIA/ The Nomination Committee has a process for planning its        FILES/C/COKECCEP-IR/GOVERNANCE-DOCUMENTS/CRITERIA- future meeting agendas and topics to be considered. Table 1    FOR-SELECTION-OF-INDEPENDENT-NON-EXECUTIVE- sets out the matters considered by the Committee during        DIRECTORS-03-05-18.PDF 2018. More detail about some of these matters is provided   Other NED appointments to the Board in the rest of this report.                                 In early March 2018, in accordance with the Company’s                                                              Articles of Association and the Shareholders’ Agreement,  The Committee met ﬁve times during the year.                                                             Olive Partners nominated Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar to      SEE DETAILS OF ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS ON PAGE 60        replace Francisco Ruiz de la Torre Esporrín and ER                                                              nominated Francisco Crespo Benítez to replace J. Alexander  The Board Independent Non-executive Director succession               (Sandy) M. Douglas, Jr as Directors of the Company. Both  We continue to focus on maintaining a well balanced Board   Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar and Francisco Crespo Benítez  with the right mix of individuals who can apply their wider undertook a detailed induction programme. business knowledge and experience to overseeing and             SEE MORE ABOUT DIRECTOR INDUCTION   guiding the delivery of the Group’s strategy. To support       ON PAGES 63 TO 64 this, as part of the Board evaluation process in 2018, we   Diversity on the Board developed an agreed matrix of skills required on the Board  Cognitive diversity is important to good decision making,  to support the Group’s future plans.                        and we have paid particular attention to this in our  Three INEDs will be put up for election or re-election by   succession planning. This is driven by diversity of  shareholders at our AGM in 2019. The Committee therefore    background, including gender and ethnic diversity. It is   spent time this year considering the orderly succession of  part of the INED selection criteria, and supports the Board’s  INEDs in light of the matrix of skills.                     stated target to ensure that 33% of its Directors are women                                                              by 2020 and take into account the recommendations of   We engaged MWM Consulting, a ﬁrm of external recruitment    the Parker Review. Diversity is a key consideration in  consultants, to identify potential INED candidates. MWM     considering potential INED candidates. Consulting supported some of CCEP’s specialist  recruitment activities in 2017 and has no connection to any During 2018, one female INED chose to step down from  individual Director. It is a signatory to the UK’s Standard the Board and was replaced with a new female INED.   Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms.       Olive Partners and ER each nominated new Directors to                                                               the Board in early March 2018, in place of Directors who  To ensure we maintained the right balance of skills and     stepped down. In both cases they replaced male Directors  experience on the Board, we drew up INED candidate          with male Directors. As a result, there were no changes to  speciﬁcations based on our existing selection criteria, and the gender diversity of the Board during the year. the gaps identiﬁed through our agreed skills matrix. We also  considered the need to build a diverse pipeline of potential Female representation on the Board currently stands at17.6%.  successors for particular roles on the Board.               It will increase to 23.5%, subject to Dagmar Kollmann’s                                                              election at the AGM. Potential candidates for INED roles were interviewed by  members of the Committee, the Chairman, Senior                  READ MORE ABOUT OUR APPROACH TO DIVERSITY   Independent Director and other Board members and were          ON THE BOARD ON PAGE 63 assessed objectively against the candidate speciﬁcations.  Nathalie Gaveau was appointed to succeed Véronique  Morali with effect from 1 January 2019. She brings a wealth  of digital and international experience to the Board and is  undertaking a detailed induction programme. 68      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Table 1 Matters considered by the Nomination Committee during 2018 Meeting date        Key agenda items March 2018          • Director skills matrix                     • Director succession, particularly INEDs                     • Initiatives around key talent May 2018            • Senior leadership assessment                     • Director skills matrix                                                                                REPORT  STRATEGIC                     • Director succession, particularly INEDs July 2018           • People engagement, culture and capability initiatives                     • Director succession, particularly INEDs October 2018        • Director succession, particularly INEDs                     • Terms of reference December 2018       • Director succession, particularly INEDs                     • Our people: talent, inclusion and diversity, succession planning, and attracting and engaging younger generations                     • Board evaluation process approval  Executive Leadership Team                                    Capability Succession planning                                          As our engagement survey showed, building our leadership  During 2018 we considered a detailed assessment of the       capability is a key differentiator for performance. We  Group’s ELT and gave input into ELT development activities.  considered the Group’s new leadership development              REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE We also considered succession management plans for the       programme ahead of its launch. appointment of Executive Directors to the Board. Korn Ferry                                                               Evaluation supported both of these exercises.                                                              At the start of each year, we begin the process of evaluating  Our people                                                   the performance of the Board and its Committees. We oversee the approach to culture, succession planning                                                               We wanted to ensure the evaluation process undertaken in  and talent management, including diversity, for the                                                                early 2018 would support the Board as it looks to the future,    whole Group.                                                                                                                STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                                              as well as reﬂecting on past performance. Based on our  Inclusion, diversity and talent                              recommendation to the Board, Independent Board  We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment       Evaluation was appointed to facilitate the evaluation  and building diverse talent within the Group. We received    process in 2018. updates on the progress of diversity and inclusion initiatives,                                                                   READ MORE ABOUT THE EVALUATION EXERCISE ON PAGE 64 in particular the target to have 40% of our management  positions held by women by 2025. We also received details    Given the depth and breadth of the 2018 evaluation  about the revised approach to talent management.             exercise, we recommended to the Board that a more                                                                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER                                                              concise evaluation process be undertaken in early 2019.      READ MORE ABOUT THE GROUP’S APPROACH TO DIVERSITY      ON PAGES 18 TO 19                                         The Board accepted our recommendation and appointed                                                               Lintstock to support a questionnaire based exercise,  Engagement                                                   alongside interviews of all Directors by the SID. In 2018 we conducted the Group’s ﬁrst engagement survey,  built around our agreed ways of working. We considered       Neither Independent Board Evaluation nor Lintstock has  the results and action plans with management. We were        any other connection with CCEP or any individual director. pleased that the results showed people feel safe at work,    Independence feel empowered to make decisions, engage with our                                                                   SEE THE LIST OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS DETERMINED   purpose and feel that they belong. They also identiﬁed                                                                   TO BE INDEPENDENT ON PAGE 60 some areas to accelerate, including leadership,  understanding decision making and personal development.      L. Phillip Humann                                                               Chairman of the Nomination Committee      FOR MORE ABOUT HOW WE ENGAGE WITH OUR PEOPLE,                                                                14 March 2019    SEE PAGES 18 TO 19                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 69

AUDIT COMMITTEE  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER                                                              “ The Committee plays a key                                                                 role within the governance                                                                 framework of the Group and                                                                 continues to support the                                                                 Board in matters relating to                                                                 financial reporting, internal                                                                 control and risk management.”  Dear Shareholder I am pleased to present the report of the Audit Committee   While the Committee’s remit has remained largely  for 2018. The report describes how we have discharged our   unchanged, we have made two key amendments. Firstly,  responsibilities under the 2016 UKCGC. Table 1 on page 72   the Committee will report to the Board on whistleblowing  provides an overview of our activities during 2018, with    arrangements, reports and investigations, in line with the  additional details throughout this Audit Committee Report.  responsibility for whistleblowing matters resting with the                                                              Board under the 2018 UKCGC. Secondly, we will ensure  Over the past two years, the Committee has helped support                                                              we engage effectively with relevant stakeholders. This is  and oversee the successful integration of the Group. The                                                              to make sure that the views of relevant stakeholders are  Committee plays a key role within the governance framework                                                              understood and considered by the Board. of the Group and continues to support the Board in  matters relating to ﬁ nancial reporting, internal control   Availability to shareholders and risk management.                                        I will be available at our 2019 Annual General Meeting                                                              to answer any questions on the work of the Committee. During 2018, we discussed a range of topics, with a focus  on accounting and reporting matters, internal controls      Garry Watts and Sarbanes-Oxley Act section 404 updates, external        Chairman of the Audit Committee and internal audit activities, ethics and compliance        14 March 2019 matters, business continuity management, enterprise  risk management, and cybersecurity. Looking forward to 2019 We have dedicated signiﬁ cant time in 2018 to ensuring  that we are ready for the implementation of the new lease  reporting standard, IFRS 16, “Leases”. We are conﬁ dent the  systems and controls implemented by management will  ensure full compliance in the ﬁ rst year of adoption. A new UK Corporate Governance Code was published in  July 2018 and will apply to us from 1 January 2019. The  Committee’s terms of reference were considered as part  of a wider review of governance arrangements to ensure  compliance with the 2018 UKCGC.    70      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

AUDIT COMMITTEE     REPORT                                                                                                                      REPORT  STRATEGIC  Role of the Audit Committee                                  Financial reporting, signiﬁcant ﬁnancial issues  The key duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee   and material judgements are set out in its terms of reference, which are available on In 2018, the Group adopted two new signiﬁcant accounting  the Company’s website ir.ccep.com/corporate-governance/      standards: IFRS 15, “Revenue from contracts with  governance-documents. They include matters within the        customers”, and IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”. The  following areas:                                             Committee oversaw management’s implementation of  • Financial reporting, including the annual ﬁnancial         these standards and was comfortable with the Group’s   statements of the Group and other periodic                  approach and processes.                                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE  announcements relating to the Group’s ﬁnancial              IFRS 16, “Leases”, which is effective from 1 January 2019,   performance, the Group’s Viability Statement, and the       has a signiﬁcant impact on the reported assets and   Group’s going concern assumption                            liabilities of the Group, as well as the classiﬁcation   • Accounting principles, policies and internal controls      of cash ﬂows relating to lease contracts. The Group’s   and emerging business issues that could signiﬁcantly        implementation of IFRS 16 was governed by a steering   affect ﬁnancial results alongside disclosure controls       committee, which regularly reported its progress during    and procedures                                              the year to the Audit Committee. • Ethics and compliance programme, which includes                                                                   READ MORE ABOUT THE TRANSITION IMPACT OF IFRS 16     operational and ﬁnancial risk assessments within the                                                                       STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL  broader enterprise risk management programme,                  IN NOTE 23 TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ON PAGE 147  business continuity management, anti-bribery and                                                               The Committee undertook a formal review and recommended   anti-corruption, and fraud prevention                                                              for approval each of the Group’s interim ﬁnancial  • Whistleblowing policy and other arrangements                                                                statements and associated earnings announcements.   for employees and contractors to raise concerns,                                                                As part of each review, the Committee considered the   in conﬁdence                                                              signiﬁcant accounting principles, policies and practices  • External audit, including scope, output and effectiveness                                                                applied, their appropriateness, the ﬁnancial reporting         INFORMATION  OTHER • External auditor, including independence and objectivity,                                                               issues concerned and the signiﬁcant judgements made.   and appointment, reappointment and removal                                                              Details regarding the signiﬁcant ﬁnancial reporting matters  • Internal audit, including scope, output and effectiveness                                                              and the related Committee considerations are set out later  • Supporting the Board in relation to speciﬁc matters                                                               in this report.  including annual and long-term business planning,   dividend and capital structure, and capital expenditure     The Committee also reviewed and considered the Group’s                                                               alternative performance measures in each of the Group’s  The Committee consisted of ﬁve independent Directors         earnings announcements. The Committee conﬁrmed that  during the year and now consists of four independent         each of the adjusting items complied with the Group’s policy  Directors. It has signiﬁcant experience and competence       on alternative performance measures and did not take  relevant to the sector in which the Group operates, fast     exception to any of the adjusting amounts. The Committee  moving consumer goods. In accordance with the NYSE           also reviewed to its satisfaction the adequacy of the Group’s  Rules for FPIs, the Group follows UK practice in relation to disclosures regarding the use of alternative performance  corporate governance. However, FPIs are required to have     measures, having regard to the Guidelines on Alternative  an audit committee that satisﬁes the requirements of SEC     Performance Measures issued by the European Securities  Rule 10A-3. The Group’s Audit Committee satisﬁes these       and Markets Authority (ESMA) in October 2015 as well as  independence requirements and the Board has determined       the SEC guidance with respect to non-GAAP measures. that the Chairman of the Committee, Garry Watts, may be  regarded as an audit committee ﬁnancial expert as deﬁned     The Committee spent time reviewing and assessing the  in Item 16A of Form 20-F.                                    processes undertaken by management to support the                                                               Group’s Viability Statement and going concern statement,  Activities of the Audit Committee during the year            both for the half yearly report and the annual report.  The Audit Committee has a process for planning its future    In particular, the Committee reviewed the results of  meeting agendas and a schedule of topics to be considered.   management’s scenario modelling and the stress testing  Table 1 sets out the matters considered by the Committee     of these models. during 2018. More detail about some key matters is                                                                   SEE OUR VIABILITY STATEMENT ON PAGE 44 provided in the rest of the Audit Committee Report. The Committee met seven times during the year.      SEE DETAILS OF ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS ON PAGE 60                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 71

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED  Table 1 Matters considered by the Audit Committee during 2018(A)   Meeting date                 Key standing agenda items                                        Other topics February 2018                • Accounting and reporting matters                               • US tax reform                              • External auditor report                                        • Spain VAT refund                              • 2017 preliminary full year and Q4 results                              • Q1 interim dividend March 2018                   • Accounting and reporting matters                               • Spain VAT refund                              • External auditor report                                        • Forthcoming changes to IFRS                              • Internal auditor report                                        • Debt structure                              •  2017 Annual Report and Form 20-F including related            • Code of Conduct compliance                               signiﬁcant judgements and estimates                             • Enterprise risk management framework                              • Legal matters                                                  • IFRS 16, “Leases”                              • Ethics and compliance matters                                  • Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) section 404 (s404) compliance                              • Business continuity management                              • Enterprise risk management                              • Capital review and approvals April 2018                   • 2018 Q1 results                              • Q2 interim dividend May 2018                     • Accounting and reporting matters                               • Synergy audit and certiﬁcation                              • External auditor report                                        • General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)                              • Internal auditor report                                        • IT/cybersecurity update                              • Legal matters                                                  •  Transition of transactional activities to the shared service centre                               • Ethics and compliance matters                                   from Iberia                              • Business continuity management                              • Enterprise risk management                              • Capital review and approvals July 2018                    • Accounting and reporting matters                               • Spain VAT refund                              • FPI status                                                     • IFRS 16, “Leases”                              • External auditor report                                        • SOX s404 compliance                              • Internal auditor report                                        • Revolving credit facility                               • 2018 half year results                                         • CO2 supply issues                              • Q3 interim dividend                                            • GDPR                              • Legal matters                                                  • Code of Conduct compliance                              • Ethics and compliance matters                                  • Competition law compliance                              • Business continuity management                                 • Anti-corruption compliance programme                              • Enterprise risk management                              • Capital review and approvals October 2018                 • Accounting and reporting matters                               • IFRS 16, “Leases”                              • External auditor report                                        • Debt structure                              • Internal auditor report                                        • Brexit                              • 2018 Q3 results                                                • IT/cybersecurity update                              • Q4 interim dividend                                            • Committee terms of reference                              • Legal matters                              • Ethics and compliance matters                              • Business continuity management                              • Enterprise risk management                              • Capital review and approvals December 2018                • Accounting and reporting matters                               • Treasury update                              • External auditor report                                        • Tax update                              • Internal auditor report                                        • Integrated report planning                              • Legal matters                              • Ethics and compliance matters                              • Business continuity management                              • Enterprise risk management                              • Capital review and approvals  (A)  During February and March 2019, the Committee discussed a number of matters in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018. These included:    •  Signiﬁcant estimates and judgements regarding the Group’s 2018 results, including a review of accounting policies, viability statement and going concern    •  Reviewing the preliminary 2018 full year earnings announcement and Integrated Report    •  Advising the Board, at its request, on whether the Integrated Report is fair, balanced and understandable    •  Independent auditor’s report in respect of the results    •  Approval of this Audit Committee Report  In relation to this Integrated Report, Committee members                            The signiﬁcant ﬁnancial reporting matters in relation to  undertook a review of a developed draft and suggested a                             ﬁnancial statements that the Committee considered during  number of enhancements that were then implemented to                                2018 are summarised in table 2. In summary, the Committee  improve it so that the Committee could conﬁrm to the Board                          concluded, after discussion, that the judgements and  that, in its assessment, the Integrated Report is fair,                             estimates made on each of the issues it considered were  balanced and understandable and provides the information                            appropriate and acceptable. necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s  performance, business model and strategy.  Throughout the period under review, the Committee  considered the work of, and reports from, several  management functions including ﬁnance, legal and IT,  together with reports from the internal and external auditors  on their ﬁndings.   72         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Table 2 Signiﬁcant ﬁnancial reporting matters in relation to ﬁnancial statements considered by the Audit  Committee during 2018   Accounting area              Key ﬁnancial impacts                                              Audit Committee considerations Deductions from revenue      Total cost of customer marketing programmes in 2018:              The Group participates in various programmes and  and sales incentives         €3 billion                                                        arrangements with customers designed to increase the sale                                                                                                    of products. Among the programmes are arrangements under                       REPORT  STRATEGIC                              Accrual at 31 December 2018:                                      which allowances can be earned by customers for attaining                               €753 million                                                      agreed upon sales levels or for participating in speciﬁc                                                                                                 marketing programmes. For customer incentives that must be                                                                                                 earned, management must make estimates related to the                                                                                                 contractual terms, customer performance and sales volume to                                                                                                 determine the total amounts earned. Under IFRS 15, these types                                                                                                 of variable consideration are deducted from revenue. There are                                                                                                 signiﬁcant estimates used at each reporting date to ensure the                                                                                                 proper deduction from revenue has been recorded. Actual                                                                                                 amounts ultimately paid may be different from estimates.                                                                                                  At each reporting date, the Committee received information                                                                                                 regarding the amount of customer marketing spend of the Group                                                                                                 along with period end accruals. The Committee also discussed                                                                                                 and challenged management on key judgements and estimates                                                                                                 applied during the period and any relevant information                                                                                                   on signiﬁcant or abnormal movements in accrual balances,                       REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                                                                                if applicable. Tax accounting               2018 book tax expense:                                            The Group evaluated a number of tax matters during the year,  and reporting                €296 million                                                      including legislative developments across tax jurisdictions, risks                                                                                                 related to direct and indirect tax provisions in all jurisdictions, the                               2018 cash taxes:                                                  impact of the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the deferred tax inventory                               €263 million                                                      and potential transfer pricing exposure. Throughout the year, the                                                                                                 Committee received information from management on the critical                               2018 effective tax rate:                                          aspects of tax matters affecting the Group, considered the                               24.6%                                                             information received, and gained an understanding of the level                                                                                                  of risk involved with each signiﬁcant conclusion.                                VAT receivable at 31 December 2018:                                                                                                              STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                                                                                Additionally, the Committee continued to receive updates on the                               €318 million                                                                                                Group’s outstanding VAT receivable in Spain and the efforts                                                                                                 undertaken to secure payment of the refund due. The Committee                                                                                                 agreed with management’s conclusion that, in light of the                                                                                                 continued delay in the meeting of the Arbitration Committee,                                                                                                  it is appropriate to reclassify €318 million of the receivable                                                                                                 balance as non-current assets.                                                                                                The Committee also considered and provided input on the Group’s                                                                                                 disclosures regarding these and other tax matters.                                                                                                   See further information in Note 21 to the ﬁnancial statements                INFORMATION  OTHER                                                                                                on page 144 Asset impairment             Franchise intangible assets with indeﬁnite lives:                 The Group performs an annual impairment test of goodwill and  analysis                     €8.1 billion                                                      intangible assets with indeﬁnite lives, or more frequently if                                                                                                 impairment indicators are present. The testing is performed at                                Goodwill:                                                         a cash generating unit (CGU) level, which for the Group are based                               €2.5 billion                                                      on geography and generally represent the individual territories                                                                                                  in which the Group operates. The Group did not record any                                                                                                 impairment charges as a result of the tests conducted in 2018.                                                                                                The Committee received information from management on the                                                                                                 impairment analysis performed, focusing on the most critical                                                                                                 assumptions such as the terminal growth rate and the discount                                                                                                 rate. The Committee reviewed and challenged a sensitivity                                                                                                 analysis provided by management to understand the impact                                                                                                  of changes in key assumptions, primarily the discount rate.                                                                                                The Committee was satisﬁed with the assumptions utilised                                                                                                  by the Group and also considered and reviewed the Group’s                                                                                                 disclosures about its impairment testing. Restructuring                Restructuring cost recorded in 2018:                              During 2018 the Group commenced new transformation  accounting                   €274 million                                                      restructuring initiatives. The Committee has been regularly                                                                                                 updated by management on the nature of such initiatives                                Restructuring provision at 31 December 2018:                      and key assumptions underpinning the related provision in                                €223 million                                                      the ﬁnancial statements.                                                                                                The integration and synergy programme is nearing completion.                                                                                                  The Committee continued to receive regular updates from                                                                                                 management on the status, including cost incurred and synergy                                                                                                 tracking. As in 2017, during 2018 the Committee received                                                                                                 programme assurance from a third party audit regarding the                                                                                                 validation of synergies captured.                                                                                                The Committee also reviewed the Group’s restructuring                                                                                                  provision balance as at 31 December 2018 and disclosures                                                                                                  in the ﬁnancial statements.                                                                                                The Committee was satisﬁed with the appropriateness of the                                                                                                 restructuring accounting during the year.                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            73

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED  External audit                                              The Committee received a statement of independence  The Committee reviews and makes recommendations to          from the auditor and a report describing their arrangements  the Board with regard to the reappointment of the external  to identify, report and manage any conﬂicts of interest.  auditor. In doing so, the Committee takes into account      It reviewed and approved the scope of non-audit services  external auditor independence and audit partner rotation.   provided by the external auditor to ensure that there was  Ernst & Young LLP was appointed as the external auditor     no impairment of independence and objectivity, and  in 2016 and the lead audit partner is Karl Havers. The      subsequently monitored the non-audit work performed   Committee conﬁrms voluntary compliance with the             to ensure it was within policy guidelines. It also considered  provisions of the Statutory Audit Services for Large        the extent of non-audit services provided to the Group.   Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of            The Committee determined the external auditor was  Competitive Tender Processes and Audit Committee            sufﬁciently independent. Responsibilities) Order 2014, as published by the UK                                                              Internal audit Competition and Markets Authority.                                                             The Committee approved and reviewed internal audit’s   During the year, in line with its normal practice, the      audit plan for 2018 and agreed its budget and resource  Committee agreed the approach to and scope of the           requirements. The internal audit function reports directly   audit work to be undertaken by the external auditor.        to the Audit Committee and consists of approximately 25  The Committee also reviewed and agreed the terms of         full time professional audit staff based in London, Berlin,  engagement, and areas of responsibility and the work        Madrid and Soﬁa, covering a range of disciplines and  to be undertaken by the external auditor, and agreed the    business expertise.  fees payable in respect of the 2018 audit work. In addition,                                                              The Committee received and discussed, at least quarterly,  the external auditor provided the Committee with                                                               regular reports from the Chief Audit Executive summarising  a schedule of each matter on which there was an initial                                                              audit ﬁndings and recommendations and describing actions  difference between them and management in relation                                                               taken by management to address any shortfalls. It also  to the accounting treatment, and the ﬁnal decisions                                                               reviewed progress on implementation of recommendations  on these issues.                                                             and met independently with the Chief Audit Executive      SEE DETAILS OF THE AMOUNTS PAID TO THE EXTERNAL         during the year.     AUDITOR FOR THEIR AUDIT SERVICES IN NOTE 15      TO THE ACCOUNTS ON PAGE 134                              The internal audit function reviews the internal control                                                              systems across the organisation. As determined by a risk  The Committee also considered the external auditor’s        based approach to audit planning, areas of assurance focus  effectiveness. It reviewed the experience and expertise     during 2018 included: management of deductions from  of the audit team, the fulﬁlment of the agreed audit plan   revenue, ﬁeld sales, product quality management,  and any variations to it, feedback from the Group’s         implementation of new accounting standards, changes to  businesses and the contents of the external audit report.   data privacy standards (GDPR), procurement processes,  The Committee conﬁrmed its satisfaction with the            security of information systems, as well as reviews of major  effectiveness of the external auditor.                      capital and transformation projects. A signiﬁcant                                                              proportion of the internal audit’s resources was allocated to  The Committee has recommended to the Board that Ernst &                                                              an extensive testing of the Group’s internal control system  Young LLP be proposed for reappointment by shareholders                                                              in support of management’s opinion over the design and  as the Group’s external auditor at the 2019 AGM.                                                             operating effectiveness of internal controls over ﬁnancial  The independence of the external auditor is important to    reporting as required under SOX s404. a successful audit. The Committee actively monitors this.                                                               At the end of 2018, internal audit participated in the Group’s  In particular, the Group has a policy on the use of the                                                              enterprise risk assessment and reviewed the three year  external auditor for non-audit work and this is regularly                                                              strategic audit plan to ensure that it continues to address  reviewed. The external auditor is precluded from engaging                                                               major strategic, operational, ﬁnancial and compliance risks.  in non-audit services that would compromise its                                                              The plan was presented to and approved by the Committee  independence or violate any laws or regulations affecting                                                               at its March 2019 meeting. its appointment as external auditor. The approval of the  Chairman of the Committee is required prior to awarding     In 2019, the Committee will engage an independent third  contracts for non-audit services to the external auditor    party to perform an effectiveness review of the internal audit  in excess of speciﬁed amounts.                              function against the Institute of Internal Audit’s Standards.   74      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Internal control and risk management                         Whistleblowing hotline The Committee is responsible for monitoring the              The Committee has oversight of the adequacy and security  effectiveness of the Group’s internal controls, compliance   of the Group’s whistleblowing policy and other  with relevant sections of the UK Corporate Governance        arrangements for its employees and contractors to raise  Code, and the requirements of SOX, speciﬁcally sections      concerns, in conﬁdence, about possible wrongdoing in  302 and 404, as it applies to a US FPI listed on a US        ﬁnancial reporting or other matters, including breaches   exchange. Robust internal controls and risk management       of our CoC. In each of our territories, we have established    REPORT  STRATEGIC are critical to our ability to deliver on our strategy.      ways for employees to raise concerns. These include                                                               channels for employees to contact a line manager or HR  During 2018, the Committee continued to monitor the                                                               representative, or to share information through our  progress of the Group’s internal control framework                                                               dedicated, independent and conﬁdential Speak Up service.  harmonisation efforts and the remediation of any internal                                                               Retaliation against anyone for whistleblowing, including  control deﬁciencies. It also considered the internal control                                                               making a genuine report, or for cooperation in an  implications of the Group’s IT roadmap and continued                                                               investigation, is prohibited. integration and transition activities.                                                              Investigations into potential breaches of our CoC are  In 2018, management completed a controls optimisation                                                               overseen in each business unit by the business unit’s CoC  project, designed to seek efﬁciencies within the existing                                                               Committee, chaired by the business unit’s Vice President,  control environment, and to ensure control processes                                                               Legal. All (potential) CoC breaches and corrective actions     REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE continued to be effective in both design and operation.                                                                are overseen by the Group CoC Committee, which is a sub  The Committee was regularly updated on the progress of                                                               committee of the Group Compliance and Risk Committee  this project and, on closing out the year, is satisﬁed that the                                                               and is chaired by the Chief Compliance Ofﬁcer. The Group  improvements implemented continued to support a robust                                                               CoC Committee also: control environment.                                                              • Ensures that all reported cases have been recorded,  The Group’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was      investigated and a conclusion reached deemed to be designed and operating effectively as at        • Evaluates trends 31 December 2018.                                                               • Ensures consistent application of the CoC across CCEP        STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL     FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP’S RISK     MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL PROCESSES                 As required under the Spanish Criminal Code, the Iberia     IS SET OUT ON PAGES 40 TO 43                              business unit has an Ethics Committee formed of members                                                               of the Iberia business unit leadership team. It is responsible                                                               for any ethics and compliance activities, including                                                               overseeing the local crime prevention model. It reports                                                                to the Iberia business unit leadership team and the Chief                                                                Compliance Ofﬁcer.                                             INFORMATION  OTHER                                                              An overview of all reported incidents is provided to the                                                               Audit Committee.                                                                    SEE DETAILS OF COC REPORTS ONPAGE  21                                                               Garry Watts                                                               Chairman of the Audit Committee                                                               14 March 2019                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 75

STATEMENT FROM THE REMUNERATION  COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN                                                              “Remuneration                  outcomes                                                                 continue to reflect good                                                                 underlying business                                                                 performance within a                                                                 framework aligned to the                                                                 business strategy and                                                                 reflecting good governance.”  Dear Shareholder                                            Introduction of LTI holding period On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the         Long-Term Incentive (LTI) awards made to our CEO  Directors’ Remuneration Report for CCEP (or the Group) for  Damian Gammell in 2019 and future years will be subject  the year ended 31 December 2018. This includes a summary    to an additional two year holding period following the end  of our Remuneration Policy, which was approved by           of the three year performance period. shareholders at our 2017 AGM and our Annual Report on                                                              CCEP already has a strong focus on ensuring there is  Remuneration (ARR), which will be subject to an advisory                                                              alignment between the CEO and the long-term interests  vote at our 2019 AGM.                                                             of shareholders. The CEO is required to build up and hold  Context for executive remuneration at CCEP –                shares equivalent to 300% of salary, which he must  New UK Corporate Governance Code                            continue to hold for one year following cessation of  We take our reporting obligations to our shareholders and   employment. He currently holds shares equivalent to  our duty to our employees very seriously. As outlined in my 283% of salary. letter last year, we have paid close attention to the new UK The introduction of an additional two year holding period  Corporate Governance Code that was published in July 2018,  in respect of all LTI awards made from 2019 will further  and will apply to us from 1 January 2019, plus the annual   enhance this alignment and ensure CCEP is compliant  guidance updates from the three main proxy advisory ﬁ rms   with the provision as set out in the 2018 UKCGC. (The Investment Association, ISS and Glass Lewis).                                                             Context for executive remuneration at CCEP -  Expanded remit                                              business performance In line with the provisions of the 2018 UKCGC we have  expanded the Committee’s remit to cover reviewing           The Remuneration Policy is designed to be simple,  workforce remuneration and related policies.                transparent and incentivise the delivery of the business                                                              strategy in a manner that aligns the interests of  Our management is developing appropriate reporting                                                              management and shareholders. This alignment is reﬂ ected  mechanisms to enable the Committee to fulﬁ ll its                                                              through the signiﬁ cant focus on variable remuneration,  responsibilities in this regard and workforce remuneration                                                              which sets stretching performance targets against our key  and policies will be taken into account when setting the                                                              ﬁ nancial performance indicators.  remuneration for Executive Directors. The Committee will  also have responsibility for ensuring these policies and       SEE  OUR PERFORMANCE INDICTORS ON PAGE 1 processes support the culture, purpose, values and  diversity initiatives across CCEP. We intend to report on our activities in this area, in next  year’s Directors’ Remuneration Report.   76      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Performance during 2018 has been strong, with above          Looking ahead target performance being achieved in respect of all our key  2019 ARR ﬁnancial measures. This has resulted from the delivery of    The Committee continues to focus on ensuring that the  our Merger commitments and our ongoing focus on driving      ARR remains compliant with all legislative requirements  proﬁtable revenue growth through strong price and mix        as they come into force and is aligned with evolving good  realisation as well as solid in market execution. Payments in governance, while remaining meaningful and motivational   respect of our incentive arrangements are reﬂective of this  for our employees.                                             REPORT  STRATEGIC underlying business performance.                                                              On this basis, the 2019 ARR will include further details of how  Remuneration outcomes for 2018                               the provisions of the 2018 UKCGC have been implemented as  Annual bonus                                                 well as disclosure of the CEO pay ratio for 2019. Similarly to last year, the Committee used its discretion to                                                               Remuneration Policy review adjust the formulaic outcome of the bonus calculation.                                                                We are entering the third year of our ﬁrst Remuneration  This discretion was applied to ensure that the bonus                                                               Policy, which was approved by shareholders in 2017  payment was a true reﬂection of underlying business                                                               following the Merger. We intend to review this policy fully  performance and in particular, not artiﬁcially inﬂated                                                                during 2019 to ensure that it: as a result of the underspend in respect of restructuring  costs that occurred during the year.                         • Remains focused on delivering our business strategy                                                                •  Continues to be aligned with the latest Corporate           REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Overall, the adjustments have resulted in a reduction in the  Governance guidelines, legislative requirements   overall bonus for Damian Gammell from 71% of maximum          and best practice to 63% of maximum or 256% of salary to 227% of salary.       • Is considered in the context of the remuneration   See further details on page 81.                               of the wider workforce Long-term incentives                                         • Maintains the principles of simplicity, transparency   Damian Gammell had no long-term incentive awards vesting      and alignment of interests between management   in the year that were subject to performance conditions for   and shareholders the year ending 31 December 2018. However, the ﬁnal                                                               We will ask shareholders to approve this revised               STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL tranches of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and share option                                                               Remuneration Policy at our AGM in 2020. awards that were made prior to the Merger, in November  2015, did vest during the year. See full details on page 83. I hope we continue to receive your support in respect of our                                                               ARR at our forthcoming AGM and look forward to engaging  Implementation of Remuneration Policy in 2019                with you during 2019 as we review our Remuneration Policy. Our strategic priorities remain unchanged as we continue to  focus on delivering growth aligned with our three year plan. Christine Cross                                                               Chairman of the Remuneration Committee   The current remuneration framework continues to support                                                                     INFORMATION  OTHER this strategy and therefore the Remuneration Policy will be  14 March 2019 operated in 2019 on a very similar basis as it was during 2018.  Remuneration element 2019 Implementation Key terms Base salary      2.6% increase     Aligned with UK wider    See page 85                      workforce increase Pension          £30,000           Payment in lieu of pension –    See page 85    (2.6% of salary)  aligned with policy for all                                     other UK employees Annual bonus     Target opportunity  Subject to ﬁnancial and    See page 85 for of 150% of salary individual performance  further details                    calculated on a  including deﬁnitions               multiplicative basis of ﬁnancial metrics                                    Financial measures of                                     operating proﬁt, revenue                                     and operating free cash ﬂow                                     aligned with key ﬁnancial                                     indicators LTI              Target award of 250%  Subject to Earnings Per    See page 86    of salary         Share (EPS) and Return on                                     Invested Capital (ROIC)                                     performance each with an                                     equal weighting                                    Additional two year holding                                     period to apply following                                     three year performance                                     period                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 77

OVERVIEW OF THE   REMUNERATION POLICY                                                  OVERVIEW OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY                                      OUR REMUNERATION POLICY WAS APPROVED BY OVER 90% OF OUR SHAREHOLDERS                                                                                     AND IS BASED ON THE FOLLOWING PRINCIPLES     KEY PRINCIPLE                                           APPLICATION TO POLICY                                    CURRENT IMPLEMENTATION                                                                                                                       Annual bonus metrics        LTIP metrics          INCENTIVISE DELIVERY OF THE                             Annual bonus and LTIP measures                     Operating proﬁt    (50%)    EPS          (50%)               BUSINESS STRATEGY                                  aligned to the KPIs of the business                Revenue            (30%)    ROIC         (50%)                                                                                                                     Operating free              See ARR for                                                                                                                      cash ﬂow           (20%)    detailed deﬁnitions                                                               • Only two simple incentive plans operated                   CEO PAY MIX LINKED TO PERFORMANCE              SIMPLE, TRANSPARENT                                • Strong focus on pay for performance                                                                                                                      Target             AND ALIGNED BETWEEN                                 • Majority of remuneration package                  PARTICIPANTS AND                                          delivered in shares                                        22%      29%            49%                  SHAREHOLDERS                                 • Signiﬁcant shareholding requirement                  Maximum                                                                         of three times salary                                                                                                                                  12%        37%             51%         CONSISTENT POLICY ACROSS THE                                                                  The same remuneration framework          MANAGEMENT TEAM TO FOSTER                                                                                                      Annual                                                                 is applied to all members of the ELT                  Fixed pay                          LTIP          THE DEVELOPMENT OF TALENT                                                                                                      bonus                                                                   (but with lower incentive levels)                 AND SUCCESSION             VARIABLE REMUNERATION                                    Targets are set at stretching                           • Target performance linked to            SHOULD BE PERFORMANCE                                      levels in the context of the                                   business plan                 RELATED AGAINST                                     business plan and external                               • Maximum payout requires               STRETCHING TARGETS                                              forecasts                                        performance signiﬁcantly                                                                                                                                     above consensus                                                SUMMARY OF REMUNERATION POLICY TABLE                         Fixed pay                                            Annual bonus                                                 LTIP                    KEY FEATURES                                            KEY FEATURES                                           KEY FEATURES   Base salary: Annual increases will normally           •  Target bonus opportunity is 150% of salary            • Based  on performance measures aligned     take into account business performance and            • Bonus  calculated by multiplying the target bonus        to the strategic plan and measured over     increases awarded to the general workforce.             by a Business Performance Factor (0-200%)                at least three ﬁnancial years   Beneﬁts: A range of beneﬁts may be provided             and an Individual Performance Factor (0-120%).         •  Target LTIP award is 250% of salary     in line with market practice.                         • Business  and Individual performance targets            (500% of salary maximum)   Pension:                                                are set in the context of the strategic plan.          • Malus  and clawback provisions may apply     • Can  participate in the UK pension plan or          • Malus  and clawback provisions may apply                 to awards    receive a cash allowance on the same basis             to awards    as all other employees   • Maximum employer contribution is £30k                  LINK TO STRATEGY                                        LINK TO STRATEGY                                       LINK TO STRATEGY   Supports recruitment and retention of                 •  Incentivises delivery of the business plan            • Focused  on delivery of Group performance    Executive Directors of the calibre required for         on an annual basis                                       over the long term   the long-term success of the business                 • Rewards   performance against key indicators           • Delivered  in shares to provide alignment                                                             which are critical to the delivery of the strategy       with shareholders’ interests                             A full copy of the Remuneration Policy can be found in the 2016 Annual Report which is in the Financial Reports section within                                                            the Investor section of our website at http://ir.ccep.com   78         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

REMUNERATION     AT A GLANCE                                                                                                                                                                   REPORT  STRATEGIC                                           OVERVIEW OF 2018 REMUNERATION PERFORMANCE   CCEP SHARE PRICE                                         PERFORMANCE VS ANNUAL KPIs                               PERFORMANCE VS LONG-TERM KPIs US$                                                      BONUS PAYOUT = 63% OF MAXIMUM                            ● 2016   ● 2017    ● 2018                                        15.8%             (Including IPF of 1.2x)                                          GROWTH                                                                                               1.98x                                   2.30                 9.9%   50                                                     Maximum                                                                2.12                   9%                                                                                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                                                                                                            1.88                  8%   45                                                                       1.1x        1.07x   40                                                     Target    35                                                          Threshold   30      1 Jan 2018                         31 Dec 2018                Operating     Revenue   Operating free                        EPS                  ROIC                                                                      proﬁt                   cash ﬂow                                                           See ARR for detailed deﬁnitions                                                                                      STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                     2018 CEO SINGLE FIGURE                                                                   CEO SHAREHOLDING                                                                                          As at 31/12/2018     2018          £1.26m                              £2.55m                                                                                        283% of salary                                                                                                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION  OTHER                                                                                        Target                                                              Total Value £3.81m                                                                        300% of salary                                                                                          Current shareholding (% salary)          Shareholding requirement by     Fixed pay        Annual Bonus                                                                                                                                   31/12/2021                                              READ MORE IN THE ANNUAL REPORT ON REMUNERATION FROM                      PAGE 80                                         OVERVIEW OF 2019 CEO REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK                          Fixed pay                                            Annual bonus                                                LTIP      Base salary     Effective from      1 April 2019                 £1.16M                          20%                                                                                 500%                                                                                               360%                                                                         50%                                           50%      50%                                                               30%    Beneﬁts                                                                                                                                          250%    • Car allowance                                                                            150%    • Private medical    • School fees    • Financial planning                                                                                     Individual Multiplier            ROIC                     Target                                                          0x1.2x                                                     EPS                      Maximum                                                              Operating proﬁt            Target                                                             Revenue                     Maximum    Pension                                                   Operating free     Cash in lieu                                 £30K                        cash ﬂow                                              READ MORE IN THE ANNUAL REPORT ON REMUNERATION FROM                      PAGE 85                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            79

ANNUAL REPORT   ON REMUNERATION  Remuneration outcomes for 2018 The following pages set out details of the remuneration received by Directors for the ﬁnancial year ending 31 December 2018.  Prior year ﬁgures have also been shown. Audited sections of the report have been identiﬁed. Single ﬁgure table for Executive Directors (audited)                                               Taxable beneﬁts  Annual bonus     Long-term              Total remuneration  Individual               Year    Salary (£000)       (£000)         (£000) incentives (£000) Pension (£000)     (£000) Damian                  2018           1,121           121          2,546             0             26           3,814 Gammell                         2017          1,100            185          2,405             0             26           3,716  Notes to the single ﬁgure table for Executive Directors (audited) Base salary Damian Gammell received a base salary increase of 2.6% from £1,100,000 to £1,128,600 effective from 1 April 2018.  This increase was in line with the average increase provided to the wider UK workforce. Taxable beneﬁts During the year, Damian Gammell received the following main beneﬁts: car allowance (£14,000), ﬁnancial planning  allowance (£10,000), schooling allowance (£75,000) and family private medical coverage (£8,000). Pension The pension provisions that apply to Damian Gammell are aligned to all other UK employees. Damian Gammell elected to  receive a cash allowance in lieu of participation in the pension scheme. This equates to a payment of £30,000 from CCEP  inclusive of employer National Insurance costs (i.e. the actual beneﬁt received by Damian is less than £30,000 per year). Annual bonus Overview of CCEP’s annual bonus design The 2018 CCEP annual bonus plan was designed to incentivise the delivery of the business strategy and comprised the  following elements: Business Performance Factor (BPF) – provides alignment with our core objectives to deliver strong ﬁnancial performance  against our main ﬁnancial performance indicators of: • Operating proﬁt (50%) • Revenue (30%) • Operating free cash ﬂow (20%)  Individual Performance Factor (IPF) – individual objectives were also set for Damian Gammell focused on our ﬁve strategic  imperatives. The ﬁve objectives were as follows: • Driving top line revenue growth • Improving the customer experience • Strategic cost management • Building stakeholder equity • Leading the development of CCEP’s culture, talent and diversity  In line with the Remuneration Policy, Damian Gammell had a target bonus opportunity of 150% of salary. Actual payments  could range from zero to a maximum of 360% of salary depending on the extent to which both business and individual  performance measures were achieved.        Target bonus                       BPF                          IPF                     Final bonus outcome     (150% of base salary)             (0x to 2.0x)                (0x to 1.2x)               (0% salary to 360% salary)   80      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

2018 annual bonus outcome – BPF Performance in 2018 has been strong with above target performance being achieved in respect of all three ﬁnancial measures:                                                                                  Performance targets(A)                                Performance outcome                                                                 Threshold (0.25x          Target (1.0x     Maximum (2.0x  Measures                         Weighting                            multiplier)          multiplier)          multiplier)    Actual outcome(B)  Multiplier achieved Operating proﬁt(C)               50%                                   €1,097m              €1,273m              €1,426m              €1,284m                  1.10x                                                                                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC Revenue(D)                       30%                                  €11,154m             €11,652m             €12,051m             €11,693m                  1.07x Operating free cash ﬂow(E)       20%                                   €1,186m              €1,361m              €1,514m               €1,510m                 1.98x Total                            100%                                                                                                                          1.26x  (A)  All targets set on a constant currency basis at budgeted foreign exchange rates. Operating proﬁt is deﬁned as comparable operating proﬁt including      restructuring expenses. Refer to page 85 for deﬁnition of revenue and operating free cash ﬂow targets. (B)  Actual outcome is provided only to assess performance against performance targets for the purpose of calculating the Business Performance Factor (BPF)      relating to the annual bonus. (C)  Comparable operating proﬁt (refer to page 29) adjusted for budgeted restructuring and other items (see below), at 2018 budgeted foreign exchange rates. (D)  For the purposes of the annual bonus, revenue is as deﬁned on page 29, at 2018 budgeted foreign exchange rates. (E)  For  the purposes of the annual bonus, this measure is deﬁned as comparable operating proﬁt as set out on page 29, including depreciation and amortisation and      adjusting for capital expenditures and proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, budgeted restructuring cash expenditures (see below) and changes      in operating working capital, at 2018 budgeted foreign exchange rates.                                                                                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE The Committee once again determined that in calculating the bonus outcome, all restructuring expenses in respect of the  operating proﬁt measure and all cash restructuring costs in respect of the operating free cash ﬂow measure should be held  at budgeted amounts. This applied the same principle that was used in respect of the 2017 annual bonus, to ensure that  management does not beneﬁt from any underspend in restructuring costs during 2018 that arose purely as a result of a  change in assumptions. The Remuneration Committee also neutralised other minor variances in respect of exceptional  items which were considered to be outside of management’s control or where there had been signiﬁcant changes to original  budget assumptions. These variances related to the acceleration of capital expenditure from 2018 to 2019, the recovery of  VAT payments and increases in inventory levels.                                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL The Committee exercised its discretion such that the overall impact of these adjustments resulted in a reduction to the  formulaic bonus payout, with a decrease in the Business Performance Factor from 1.42x to 1.26x. 2018 annual bonus outcome – IPF To determine an appropriate IPF, the Chairman of the Board assesses Damian Gammell’s performance against the individual  performance objectives that were set at the start of the year based on our ﬁve strategic imperatives. The outcome is then  discussed with and recommended by the Committee for ﬁnal approval by the Board.  Overall, the Committee determined that Damian led the business exceptionally well duing 2018, delivering both strong in year                                                  INFORMATION  OTHER business results and laying further foundations for future growth in accordance with the Company’s long-term strategic  objectives. This performance was also delivered in a challenging external environment which included the sugar tax in the   UK as well as the CO2 shortage across Europe. Given this strong performance the Committee awarded an IPF of 1.2x.  Further details of some of the speciﬁc objectives achieved are included in the table below:  Objective                                         Achievements Drive top line revenue growth                     •  Total revenue growth above target levels                                                   •  Continued diversiﬁcation and portfolio expansion across CCEP (e.g. successful launch of Fuze Tea)                                                   • Implemented number of projects to support future growth ambitions Improve the customer experience                   •  Obtained Board approval for a new CCEP sales force strategy                                                   •  Continued to build world class key account and wholesaler capabilities Strategic cost management                         •  Delivered target level of synergies of €120m                                                   •  Implemented digital transformation programme across the business                                                   •  Created new long-term ways of working with TCCC Building stakeholder equity                       •  Has taken a lead role in ﬁnding solutions to single use plastics                                                   •  Signiﬁcant engagement and collaboration with TCCC to align strategic objectives                                                   •  Objectives met in respect of wider stakeholder engagement including investors and regulators  Leading the development of CCEP’s culture,        •  Lost time incident rate reduced from 1.23 to 1.14 talent and diversity                              •  Strong employee engagement score                                                   •  On track to meet targeted improvements in respect of diversity                                                   •  Excellent progress on sustainabilty commitments through This is Forward  2018 annual bonus outcome – Calculation Based on the level of performance achieved as set out above, this resulted in a bonus payment to Damian Gammell  of £2.546 million:           Target bonus                                    BPF                                      IPF                               Final bonus outcome       (150% of base salary)                             (1.26x)                                  (1.2x)                                  (227% of salary)                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            81

ANNUAL REPORT ON REMUNERATION CONTINUED  Long-term incentives Awards vesting for performance in respect of 2018 Damian Gammell had no long-term incentive awards vesting in the year that were subject to performance conditions for the  period ending 31 December 2018. Full details of all outstanding awards are on page 83. Awards granted in 2018 A conditional award was made under the CCEP Long-Term Incentive Plan to Damian Gammell on 12 March 2018, with a target  value of 250% of salary. Further details are set out below:                                                   Maximum number of      Closing share price at                                 Performance                  Normal   Individual                      Date of award     shares under award            date of award             Face value                  period            vesting date Damian Gammell                   12/03/2018                  178,000                  $41.78            $7,436,840             1 Jan 2018 -            12/03/2021                                                                                                                                31 Dec 2020  The vesting of awards is subject to the achievement of the following performance targets:                                                                                                                                Vesting level(C) Measure                    Deﬁnition                                                        Weighting                 25%                  50%                100% EPS(A)                     Compound annual growth over the three year                           50%             4.0% p.a.            7.5% p.a.           11.0% p.a.                            period 20182020 ROIC(B)                    ROIC achieved in the ﬁnal year of the performance                    50%                  9.5%               11.0%                12.5%                            period (2020)  (A)  Comparable and on a tax, currency and share buyback neutral basis. (B)  ROIC calculated as comparable operating proﬁt after tax, on a tax and currency neutral basis, divided by the average of opening and closing invested capital for     the year. Invested capital is calculated as the addition of borrowings and equity less cash and cash equivalents. For the purpose of these awards, invested capital     excludes the effect of the Group’s adoption of IFRS 16 on 1 January 2019. (C)  Straight line vesting between each vesting level (shown).  Historical TSR performance and Chief Executive remuneration outcomes The chart below compares the Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance of CCEP from Admission up until 31 December 2018  with the TSR of both the Euronext 100 and the S&P 500. These indices have been chosen as recognised equity market indices of  companies of a similar size, complexity and global reach as CCEP.       CCEP          S&P 500         Euronext 100   150   100    50                 May 2016                    December 2016                  December 2017                 December 2018  The following table summarises the historical CEO’s single ﬁgure of total remuneration and annual bonus payout as a percentage  of the maximum opportunity over this period:                                                                                                 2016(A)             2016(A)                2017                 2018                                                                                            John Brock     Damian Gammell       Damian Gammell       Damian Gammell CEO single ﬁgure of remuneration (‘000)                                                       $3,890                  £27               £3,716              £3,814 Annual bonus payout (as a % of maximum opportunity)                                          31.23%                40.6%                60.7%                63.1% LTI vesting (as a % of maximum opportunity)                                                      N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  N/A  (A) The ﬁgures for 2016 are in respect of the period for which each individual served as CEO during the year. John Brock served as CEO from 29 May to 28 December 2016.     Damian Gammell served as CEO from 29 December to 31 December 2016.   82         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Percentage change in CEO remuneration The table below shows the percentage change in CEO remuneration from 2017 to 2018 compared to the average percentage  change in remuneration for all UK employees. The UK population was considered to be the most appropriate as it most  closely reﬂects the reward environment of the CEO.                                                                                                    CEO     Other employees Base salary                                                                                      2.6%                2.6%                                                                                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC Taxable beneﬁts                                                                                (34.6%)               1.7% Annual bonus                                                                                    5.9%                 9.9%  Relative importance of spend on pay The table below shows a summary of distributions to shareholders by way of dividends and share buyback as well as total  employee expenditure for 2017 and 2018, along with the percentage change of each.                                                                                                   2018                 2017            % change Total employee expenditure                                                                   €1,768m              €1,719m                 2.9% Dividends                                                                                      €513m               €489m                  4.9% Share buybacks                                                                                €502m                    N/A                  N/A                                                                                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Payments to past Directors (audited) As disclosed fully in the 2016 ARR, payments were made to John Brock subsequent to his retirement following the Merger.  These payments were in accordance with the rights and obligations set out in his employment agreement, the last of which  was paid in May 2018. Payments for loss of ofﬁce (audited) There were no payments for loss of ofﬁce during the year.   Statement of Directors’ share ownership and share interests (audited)                                                                                                         STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Interests of the CEO As stated above, the CEO is required to hold 300% of his base salary in shares. The guideline is expected to be met within  ﬁve years of appointment. Until the guideline is met, 50% of any vested shares from incentive awards (post-tax) must be  retained. The guideline continues to apply for one year following termination of employment. Share ownership requirements and the number of shares held by Damian Gammell are set out in the table below.                                                    Interests in share     Interests in share                                                   incentive schemes      incentive schemes                                                                                     INFORMATION  OTHER                                                          subject to          not subject to                                                         Share ownership                                                         performance             performance              Interests in          Share ownership         as a % of salary                            Interests in shares at      conditions at           conditions at           share option      requirement as a % of            achieved at                               31 December 2018    31 December 2018(A)(B)  31 December 2018(A)(C)          schemes(A)(B)                 salary      31 December 2018(D) Damian Gammell                         90,345             445,400                  60,300                324,643                      300%                    283%  (A)  For further details of these interests, please refer to the outstanding awards table below. (B)  Do not count towards achievement of the share ownership guideline. (C)  Count towards achievement of the share ownership guideline on an assumed net of tax basis. (D) Our share ownership policy stipulates that the Committee will translate the percentage of base salary requirement (300%) into a number of shares, using base      salary (£1.1m), average of the high and low share price on the NYSE ($31.97), and the currency exchange rate (GBP/USD exchange rate of 1:1.25604) on      1 December 2016. This results in a share ownership requirement for Damian Gammell of 129,651 shares.  Details of the CEO’s outstanding share awards are set out in the table below.                                           Number of                                                              Number of                                              shares                                                                 shares                                           subject to                                                             subject to  Director                                  awards at      Granted         Vested     Exercised        Lapsed     awards at         End of  and           Form of       Exercise  31 December      during the    during the     during the    during the 31 December   performance         Vesting      Exercise  grant date      award           price         2017           year          year          year          year          2018         period          date    period end Damian  Gammell 02.11.15          RSU(A)          N/A       39,000             —        39,000           N/A             —             —            N/A       12.10.18          N/A 05.11.15          PSU(B)          N/A       60,300             —             —           N/A             —        60,300        31.12.16     30.04.19           N/A 05.11.15      Options(C)      $39.00       108,215             —       108,215             —             —             —                      05.11.18      05.11.25 27.03.17          PSU(D)          N/A     267,400              —             —           N/A             —       267,400        31.12.19     28.03.20           N/A 12.03.18          PSU(D)          N/A           —        178,000             —           N/A             —       178,000       31.12.20      12.03.21           N/A  (A)  Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) award vests in three tranches. First tranche (19,500) vested on 12 October 2016. Second tranche (19,500) vested on 12 October 2017.      Final tranche (39,000) vested on 12 October 2018. (B)  Performance Share Unit (PSU) – the performance condition was satisﬁed at target on 31 December 2016. Award will vest on 30 April 2019. (C)  Options vest in three equal tranches. First tranche (108,214) vested on 5 November 2016. Second tranche (108,214) vested on 5 November 2017. Final tranche      (108,215) vested on 5 November 2018. All options remain unexercised. (D)  Performance Share Unit. The number of shares shown is the maximum number of shares that may vest if the performance targets are met in full.                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            83

ANNUAL REPORT ON REMUNERATION CONTINUED  Interests of other Directors The table below gives details of the share interests of each NED either through direct ownership or connected persons.                                                                                                                                                             Interests                                                                                                                                                           in shares at                                                                                                                                                     31 December 2018 Sol Daurella(A)                                                                                                                                         32,354,039 Jan Bennink                                                                                                                                                 27,200 José Ignacio Comenge Sánchez-Real(A)                                                                                                                     7,740,332 Francisco Crespo Benítez(C)                                                                                                                                      — Christine Cross                                                                                                                                                  — J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr(B)                                                                                                                                   — Javier Ferrán                                                                                                                                                    — Irial Finan                                                                                                                                                      — Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar(C)                                                                                                                           3,102,926 L. Phillip Humann                                                                                                                                            51,717 Orrin H. Ingram II                                                                                                                                          10,000 Thomas H. Johnson                                                                                                                                           10,000 Alfonso Líbano Daurella(A)                                                                                                                               6,495,125 Véronique Morali                                                                                                                                                 — Mario Rotllant Solá                                                                                                                                              — Francisco Ruiz de la Torre Esporrín(B)                                                                                                                           — Garry Watts                                                                                                                                                 10,000 Curtis R. Welling                                                                                                                                           10,000  (A)  Shares held indirectly through Olive Partners. The numbers of shares increased slightly during the year as a result of a reduction in Olive Partners’ share capital. (B)  Resigned from the Board on 7 March 2018. (C)  Appointed to the Board on 7 March 2018.  Dilution levels The terms of the Company’s share plans set limits on the number of newly issued shares that may be issued to satisfy  awards. In accordance with guidance from the Investment Association, these limits restrict overall dilution under all plans  to under 10% of the Company’s issued share capital over a 10 year period in relation to the Company’s issued share capital,  with a further limitation of 5% in any 10 year period on discretionary plans. Single ﬁgure table for NEDs (audited) The following table sets out the total fees and taxable beneﬁts received by the Chairman and NEDs for the year ended  31 December 2018. Prior year ﬁgures are also shown.                                                              2018 (£’000)                                                      2017 (£’000)                                                        Chairman/                                                         Chairman/                                                         Committee          Taxable                                        Committee          Taxable Individual                               Base fee            fees        beneﬁts(A)     Total fees         Base fee            fees        beneﬁts(A)     Total fees Sol Daurella                                 550               25               –            575               550               25               6             581 Jan Bennink                                    80              45               7             132                80              45               6             131 José Ignacio Comenge                           80              15               7             102                80              15               6             101 Sánchez-Real Francisco Crespo Benítez(C)                    66               8               7              81              N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A Christine Cross                                80              50               8             138                80              50               5             135 J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr(B)                 15               2               –              17                80              10               7              97 Javier Ferrán                                  80              30               1             111                80              30               6             116 Irial Finan                                    80              25               7             112                80              25               6             111 Álvaro Gómez-Trénor Aguilar(C)                 66               –               6              72              N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A L. Phillip Humann                              80              20              11             111                80              20              11             111 Orrin H. Ingram II                             80              25               8             113                80              25               8             113 Thomas H. Johnson                             110              25              11             146               110              25              14             149 Alfonso Líbano Daurella                        80              20               1             101                80              20               6             106 Véronique Morali                               80              25               3             108                80              25               9             114 Mario Rotllant Solá                            80              15               6             101                80              15               6             101 Francisco Ruiz de la Torre                     15               –               –              15                80               –               6              86 Esporrín(B) Garry Watts                                    80              50               1             131                80              50               4             134 Curtis R. Welling                              80              25               6             111                80              25               8             113  (A) Taxable beneﬁts mainly relate to travel and accommodation costs in respect of attendance at Board meetings with fx rates used as at the date of the transaction. (B)  Resigned from the Board on 7 March 2018. (C)  Appointed to the Board on 7 March 2018.  84         Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Implementation of Remuneration Policy for 2019  Base salary Damian Gammell will receive a 2.6% salary increase with effect from 1 April 2019. This reﬂects strong performance during  the year and is in line with the average increase provided to the wider UK workforce and more generally across the business.                                                                                                  2019 salary                                                                                                 (effective from                                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC Individual                                                                           2018 salary    1 April)  % increase Damian Gammell                                                                       £1,128,600  £1,157,94 4     2.6%  Taxable beneﬁts No signiﬁcant changes to the provision of beneﬁts are proposed for 2019. The main beneﬁts for Damian Gammell will  continue to include allowances in respect of: a car, ﬁnancial planning, schooling and private healthcare. Pension No changes are proposed in respect of the pension provision for Damian Gammell. He will continue to receive a cash  allowance of £30,000 (inclusive of employer National Insurance contributions) in lieu of participation in the pension scheme. Annual bonus No changes have been made to the structure of the annual bonus plan for 2019 and the opportunity for Damian Gammell will    REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE remain unchanged at 150% of salary for target performance and 360% for maximum performance. Performance will continue to be assessed against ﬁnancial and individual performance measures on a multiplicative basis  as set out on page 80. The ﬁnancial measures and relative weightings will also remain unchanged. However, the operating  proﬁt measure will no longer include restructuring expenses as we are now coming to the end of our synergy programme  following the Merger.  Measure              Deﬁnition                                                                                Weighting  Operating proﬁt      Comparable operating proﬁt on a currency neutral basis                                       50%       STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Revenue              Revenue on a currency neutral basis                                                          30% Operating free cash ﬂow Comparable operating proﬁt before depreciation and amortisation and adjusting for capital expenditures, 20%                      proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, restructuring cash expenditures and changes in operating                       working capital, on a currency neutral basis In determining the IPF for Damian Gammell for 2019 he will be assessed against a number of areas of focus which are  aligned to the key longer-term strategic objectives of the business, which include:  Strategic Intent                                         Areas of focus include:                                            INFORMATION  OTHER Increase and diversify the revenue and proﬁt pools for CCEP •  Value share in sparkling                                                          •  Away from home revenues                                                          •  NPD revenues Deliver great service internally and externally for our employees • Customer satisfaction/service levels and customers Improve the competitivenes of CCEP                       •  Implementation of competitiveness plan to deliver targeted value                                                              of productivity Enhance and protect CCEP and its industry licence to operate with •  Franchise alignment our stakeholders                                         •  Further development of This is Forward                                                          • Investor relations Improve the engagement, diversity and capability of our workforce •  Health and safety, including further improvement of lost time accident rate                                                          •  Achieve targeted levels in respect of diversity and inclusion                                                          •  Engagement action plan The actual ﬁnancial targets are not disclosed prospectively as they are deemed commercially sensitive. We intend to  disclose them in next year’s ARR. A description of individual performance including speciﬁc quantitative measures (where  appropriate) will also be disclosed in next year’s ARR.                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 85

ANNUAL REPORT ON REMUNERATION CONTINUED  Long-term incentive Damian Gammell’s long-term incentive opportunity for 2019 will be aligned with the limits set out in the Remuneration  Policy. He will be made a target award of 250% of salary and may receive up to 2x this target award if the maximum  performance targets are achieved. Performance will be assessed against the following EPS and ROIC targets over a three year period, each with an equal  weighting. Targets have been set at stretching levels taking into account both our long-term plan and external forecasts.  EPS targets for 2019 awards include the impact of share buybacks to provide greater alignment with external expectations.  The targets have been set based on current assumptions in respect of share buybacks over the performance period. The  ﬁnal performance targets will be adjusted to reﬂect the actual value of share buybacks made during the performance  period to neutralise any variances and will be fully disclosed at the time of vesting.  Following the end of the performance period, awards will be subject to an additional two year holding period.                                                                                         Vesting level(C) Measure           Deﬁnition                                Weighting            25%             100%             200% EPS(A)            Compound annual growth over the three                    year period to FY 2021                       50%             5.7%            11.0%            15.5% ROIC(B)           ROIC achieved in the ﬁnal year of the                    performance period (FY 2021)                 50%            10.9%            12.4%            13.9%  (A)  Comparable and on a tax and currency neutral basis. (B)  ROIC calculated as comparable operating proﬁt after tax, on a tax and currency neutral basis, divided by the average of opening and closing invested capital for    the year. Invested capital is calculated as the total of borrowings and equity less cash and cash equivalents. For the purpose of these awards, invested capital    excludes the effect of the Group’s adoption of IFRS 16 on 1 January 2019. (C)  Straight line vesting between each vesting level.  Chairman and NED fees NED fees were set prior to the Merger and are subject to a review every three years. In accordance with this timeline, the NED  and Chairman fees have been reviewed and will increase by approximately 2.6%. This increase will be effective from 1 April 2019.                                                                                                            Fees effective  Role                                                                                            Current fees 1 April 2019 Chairman                                                                                         £550,000    £564,250 NED basic fee                                                                                     £80,000     £82,000 Additional fee for Senior Independent Director                                                    £30,000      £30,750 Additional fee for Committee Chairman:     Audit, Remuneration and Afﬁliated Transaction Committees £35,000   £36,000                                            Nomination and CSR Committees                          £20,000     £20,500 Additional fee for Committee Membership:   Audit, Remuneration and Afﬁliated Transaction Committees £15,000    £15,500                                            Nomination and CSR Committees                          £10,000      £10,250 The Remuneration Committee The entire Board determines the terms of the compensation of the CEO and fees for the NEDs and Chairman on the  Committee’s recommendation. The Committee is also responsible for approving the Remuneration Policy and setting the  remuneration for each member of the ELT reporting to the CEO. The Committee’s terms of reference were reviewed during  2018 in the context of the 2018 UKCGC and approved by the Board on 24 October 2018. They can be found in the corporate  governance section within the Investors section of our website at ir.ccep.com. Remuneration Committee members and attendance In line with the Shareholders’ Agreement, the Committee has ﬁve members. They are three independent NEDs, one Director  nominated by Olive Partners and one Director nominated by European Refreshments (an indirect subsidiary of TCCC).  The Committee met ﬁve times during the year, with attendance as set out in the table on page 60 of the Corporate  Governance Report.   86      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

Remuneration Committee key activities The table below gives an overview of the key agenda items discussed at each meeting of the Committee during 2018:  Meeting date                         Key agenda items February 2018                        • Determine performance outcomes for the 2017 annual bonus                                      • ELT individual objectives for 2018 annual bonus March 2018                           • Annual base salary review for the ELT                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT  STRATEGIC                                      • Agree target award levels for 2018 Annual Bonus and LTIP awards                                      • Determination of ﬁnancial performance targets for the 2018 annual bonus and LTIP awards                                      • Agree ﬁnal performance outcome for legacy German Cash LTIP                                      • Review of Remuneration Policy and ARR                                      • Progress report on ELT shareholding requirements                                      • Consideration of LTI holding period May 2018                             • Annual pension review                                      • Gender and equal pay review                                      • Review of ELT service contracts                                      • AGM voting update  October 2018                         • ELT benchmarking review                                                              REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE                                      • Performance update for 2018 annual bonus and 2017 LTIP                                      • AGM season review and UK corporate governance reforms update                                      • Update on proposed remuneration arrangements across the wider workforce                                      • Updates to LTI award documentation                                      • Review of terms of reference to align with the 2018 UKCGC December 2018                        • Review of ﬁrst draft of the ARR                                      • Performance update for 2018 annual bonus and 2017 LTIP                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL                                      • Base pay design for 2019                                      • Annual bonus and LTIP design for 2019                                      • All employee remuneration arrangements  Support for the Remuneration Committee During the year, Deloitte LLP (Deloitte) provided the Committee with external advice on executive remuneration. Deloitte is    a member of the Remuneration Consultants Group and has voluntarily signed up to the Remuneration Consultants’ Code          INFORMATION  OTHER of Conduct relating to executive remuneration consulting in the UK. The Committee is satisﬁed that the engagement partner  and team that provides advice to the Committee do not have connections with CCEP that may impair their independence.  During 2018, the wider Deloitte ﬁrm also provided CCEP with unrelated tax and consultancy services, including employment  tax and ﬁnancial advisory services. Total fees received by Deloitte in relation to the remuneration advice provided to the Committee during the year amounted  to £54,350 based on the required time commitment. The Chairman, the CEO, the CFO, and the Chief Human Resources Ofﬁcer attended meetings by invitation of the Committee  in order to provide it with additional context or information, except where their own remuneration was discussed. Summary of voting outcomes The table below shows how shareholders voted in respect of the ARR at the AGM held on 31 May 2018 and the Remuneration  Policy at the AGM held on 22 June 2017:                                                                                      Votes         Votes   Number of votes  Resolution                                                                         For (%)    Against (%)      Withheld Approval of the ARR                                                               99.91%         0.09%         130,634 Approval of the Remuneration Policy                                               90.27%         9.37%         152,723  This Directors’ Remuneration Report is approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by Christine Cross  Chairman of the Remuneration Committee  14 March 2019                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 87

DIRECTORS’ REPORT   The Directors present their report together with  the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements of  the Group and of the Company for the year ended  31 December 2018.   This Directors’ Report was prepared in accordance with      Two changes to the Board occurred during the year. With  the applicable information disclosure requirements of the   effect from 7 March 2018: following:                                                  • Alvaro Gómez-Trenár Aguilar was appointed as an Olive  • Companies Act 2006 (Companies Act)                         Partners’ nominated Director, in place of Francisco Ruiz de  • Listing Rules (LRs) and Disclosure Guidance                la Torre Esporrín, who stepped down from the Board  and Transparency Rules (DTRs)                              • Francisco Crespo Benítez was appointed as TCCC’s  • Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies Market        nominated Director, in place of J. Alexander M. Douglas, Jr,   Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender          who stepped down from the Board  Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities) Order   2014, as published by the UK Competition and Markets       In addition, Véronique Morali stepped down at the end    Authority (with which the Company complies voluntarily)    of 2018 and was succeeded from the start of 2019 by  • US SEC for FPIs                                           Nathalie Gaveau.                                                                  READ MORE ABOUT THE APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT  As permitted by legislation, some of the information           OF DIRECTORS IN THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT  and disclosures required under the Companies Act, LRs          ON PAGES 57 AND 63 AND THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  and DTRs are included elsewhere in this Integrated Report      SECTION OF OTHER GROUP INFORMATION ON PAGE 176 and are incorporated into this Directors’ Report by  reference, as set out in table 1 on page 89.                Powers of Directors                                                             The Directors may exercise all powers of the Company,  This Directors’ Report, together with the Strategic Report  subject to the applicable legislation and regulation and  on pages 1 to 45, represent the management report for       the Articles. the purpose of compliance with DTR 4.1.8R.                                                                 READ MORE ABOUT THE ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF  Directors                                                   THE BOARD AND THE MAIN COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD IN                                                              THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT       READ MORE ABOUT OUR DIRECTORS ON PAGES 50 TO 54                                                              (ON PAGES 59 AND 62), NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT       READ MORE ABOUT DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND            (FROM PAGE 67), AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT (FROM PAGE 70),    CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS IN THE DIRECTORS’                DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT (FROM PAGE 76)   REMUNERATION REPORT ON PAGES 76 TO 87 AND THE                                                              Details about the roles and responsibilities of the main    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT SECTION OF    OTHER GROUP INFORMATION ON PAGE 169                       Committees of the Board are contained in their terms                                                              of reference. These are available at   Appointment and replacement of Directors                    ir.ccep.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. The Articles set out certain rules covering how Directors   can be appointed and replaced. These are as follows:        Directors’ indemnity arrangements                                                             Directors are granted a qualifying third party indemnity   • A Director may be appointed by either an ordinary                                                              from the Company in respect of liability incurred as a result   resolution of shareholders or the Board                                                             of their ofﬁce. In addition, we maintained a directors’ and  • Olive Partners and European Refreshments, a subsidiary                                                              ofﬁcers’ liability insurance policy throughout the year.   of TCCC, both have the right to nominate a speciﬁed                                                              Neither the indemnity nor the insurance provides cover in   number of Directors to the Board, if their respective equity                                                              the event that a Director is proven to have acted dishonestly   proportions are above a certain percentage of the                                                              or fraudulently.  Company’s issued shares • The majority of Directors must be independent             Amendment of Articles • The Nomination Committee must nominate, and the Board     The Articles may only be amended by a special resolution   must approve, the replacement of INEDs                     in accordance with the Companies Act. • Directors (other than the initial Chairman, CEO and INEDs)   must retire at each AGM, and may, if eligible, offer   themselves for re-election  88      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED  Table 1 Information and disclosures included elsewhere in this report Disclosure                                                      Report Section                                                                               Page(s) Names of Directors during the year                              Board of Directors                                                                          50 to 54 Review of performance, ﬁnancial position and likely             Strategic Report                                                                             1 to 45 future developments   Dividends                                                       Dividends section of the Business and Financial Review and Note 14                       28 and 132           REPORT  STRATEGIC                                                                 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements Information on share capital relating to the capital            Note 14 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, and the Nature                          131 to 132 structure, rights and obligations, share classes                of trading market, Share capital and Articles of Association sections                    170 to 173 and dividends                                                   in Other Group Information                                                           and 174 to 177 Principal risks                                                 Principal risks section of the Strategic Report                                             40 to 43 Financial instruments and ﬁnancial risk management              Notes 10 and 22 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements                                  120 to 123                                                                                                                                                       and 145 to 147 Cash balances and borrowings                                    Notes 8 and 11 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements                                           119                                                                                                                                                       and 123 to 125 Employment of disabled persons and                              Our People                                                                                  18 to 19 employee engagement Greenhouse gas emissions                                        Action On Climate                                                                           37 to 38 Responsibility statement                                        Directors’ Responsibilities Statement                                                             91          REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE  Political donations                                                                  Restrictions on transfer of securities The Group made no political donations or contributions                               Other than the Shareholders’ Agreement, we are not aware  during 2018 (2017: nil). Our policy is not to make political                         of any agreements between shareholders that may result  donations or incur political expenditure in the EU. However,                         in restrictions on the transfer of securities or voting rights.  there is uncertainty as to whether some normal business                              Olive Partners and TCCC are both subject to certain   activities and expenditure might fall under the wide                                 restrictions on the disposal or acquisition of shares under                              STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL deﬁnitions of political donations, organisations and                                 the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement. expenditure used in the Companies Act. We will therefore                                  READ MORE ABOUT THE TRANSFER OF SECURITIES IN THE  continue to seek shareholder approval to make political                              TRANSFER OF SHARES SECTION IN OTHER GROUP INFORMATION                        donations or incur expenditure within the EU as a                                    ON PAGES 174 TO 175 precautionary measure to avoid any inadvertent breach                                                                                        Rights under employee share plans of the Companies Act.                                                                                      Shares acquired through the Group’s employee share plans   Shares                                                                               rank equally with all other shares in issue and have no                                  INFORMATION  OTHER Rights and obligations                                                               special rights. The voting rights attached to shares held  The rights and obligations relating to shares (in addition to                        on trust on behalf of participants in the UK Employee Share  those set out in law) are set out in the Articles. These are                         Plan and the Belgian and Luxembourg Share Savings Plan  available at ir.ccep.com/corporate-governance/governance-                            are exercised by the trustee as directed by the participants. documents.                                                                                      Signiﬁcant shareholdings       SEE THE SUMMARY OF RELEVANT ARTICLE PROVISIONS                                 In accordance with the DTRs, table 2 shows the interests      IN OTHER GROUP INFORMATION ON PAGES 174               TO 177                     in shares notiﬁed to the Company as at the year end and                                                                                       date of this report. The percentage interests disclosed were                                                                                       calculated as at the date on which the relevant disclosures                                                                                       were made. The shareholders identiﬁed have the same                                                                                       voting rights as all other shareholders.  Table 2 Interests in shares of which the Company has been notiﬁed                                                                                    Percentage of total                        Percentage of total    Number of voting                                                                                            voting rights   Number of voting   voting rights notiﬁed   rights notiﬁed to                                                                                          notiﬁed to the     rights notiﬁed to to the Company as at   the Company as at                                                                                      Company as at the    the Company as at        the date of this     the date of this  Shareholder                                                                                   year end(D)      the year end                report(D)           report Cobega, S.A.(A)                                                                                34.4%          166,128,987              35.03%            166,128,987 TCCC(B)                                                                                       18.21%           87,950,640               18.21%            87,950,640 The Capital Group Companies, Inc.(C)                                                        5.0266%            24,357,484             5.0266%             24,357,484  (A)  Held indirectly through its 55.7% owned subsidiary, Olive Partners. (B)  Held indirectly through ER. (C)  In accordance with the DTRs, The Capital Group Companies, Inc. (Capital Group) notiﬁed changes to its interest on 12 September 2017 (when it increased to above      5%), 17 November 2017 (when it decreased to below 5%) and 8 December 2017 (when it increased to above 5%). On 14 February 2019, Capital World Investors ﬁled      a Schedule 13G to the SEC conﬁrming an interest in 32,763,678 shares, representing 6.7% of the issued shares; this change would not have required a notiﬁcation      under the DTRs. (D)  Percentage interests disclosed calculated as at the date on which the relevant disclosure was made. These have not been updated to reﬂect changes in the total      voting rights since notiﬁcation and so may not represent the percentage interest as at the year end/date of this report.                                                                                    Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F            89

Share buyback programme                                     Independent auditor On 12 September 2018, the Company announced a share         Disclosure of information to auditors buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion to reduce the       Each Director, as at the date of this Integrated Report,  Company’s share capital. The share buyback programme is     conﬁrms that: being carried out in accordance with the authority granted  • So far as he or she is aware, there is no relevant audit  by shareholders at the 2018 AGM. The maximum number          information (as deﬁned by section 418 of the Companies  of shares authorised for purchase at the 2018 AGM was        Act) of which the Company’s auditor is unaware 48,507,819 shares, representing 10% of the issued shares as • He or she has taken all the reasonable steps that he or  at 6 April 2018. The existing authority to buy back shares will she ought to have taken as a Director to make himself  expire at the 2019 AGM. We intend to seek shareholder        or herself aware of any relevant audit information and  approval to renew the authority to buy back shares.          to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that  Table 3 shows details of the shares purchased through        information this programme in 2018. All repurchased shares were                                                              Auditor reappointment cancelled immediately.                                                             The Company’s independent auditor, Ernst & Young LLP, has      FOR MORE DETAILS ABOUT THESE PURCHASES, SEE THE SHARE   expressed its willingness to continue in ofﬁce. The Company  BUYBACK PROGRAMME SECTION IN OTHER GROUP INFORMATION ON     plans to support a resolution in favour of this reappointment  PAGES 171 AND 173                                           at the forthcoming AGM. Change of control                                           Going concern There are no agreements in place with any Director or ofﬁcer The Directors have prepared and reviewed the Group’s cash  providing for compensation for loss of ofﬁce or employment  ﬂow forecasts over a period in excess of 12 months from the  in the event of a takeover except for provisions under the  date of their approval of the 2018 ﬁnancial statements. The  Company’s share plans, which may cause outstanding          forecasts include an assessment of current and future end  awards to vest on a takeover.                               market conditions and their impact on the Group’s future                                                              trading performance. They show that the Group will be able  The Board considers that a change of control might have                                                              to continue to operate within its current committed debt  an impact on the following signiﬁcant agreements:                                                             facilities and comply with its ﬁnancial covenants. • Bottling agreements between the Group and TCCC • Two bank credit facility agreements, under which the      As a result, the Directors are satisﬁed that the Group has   maximum total outstanding amount at 31 December 2018       adequate resources to continue operating as a going   was €1.8 billion                                           concern for a period of at least 12 months from the date of                                                              this Integrated Report. Therefore, the ﬁnancial statements  Research and development                                    are prepared on a going concern basis. The Company invests in the development of innovative        The Directors’ Report has been approved by the Board and  solutions, digital capabilities and advanced analytics      is signed on its behalf by to drive the simpliﬁcation of applications and platforms,   and to support and grow its business.                       Clare Wardle                                                              Company Secretary                                                              14 March 2019 Table 3 Share purchases                                                                                                        Percentage of called                                                                            Nominal value of   Amount paid   up share capital                                                          Number of shares shares purchased  for the shares  represented by  Period                                                       purchased       (€ millions)    (€ millions) purchased shares(A) 2018                                                        12,429,600            0.1             500           2.56%  (A)  Calculated as a percentage of the called up issued share capital immediately before the buyback programme started, which was 486,466,433 shares.   90      Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES    STATEMENT                                                                                                                   REPORT  STRATEGIC  Responsibility for preparing ﬁnancial statements            The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate  The Directors are responsible for preparing the Integrated  accounting records that are sufﬁcient to show and explain  Report and the ﬁnancial statements in accordance with       the Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable  applicable law and regulations.                             accuracy at any time the ﬁnancial position of the Company                                                              and enable them to ensure that the ﬁnancial statements  UK company law requires the Directors to prepare ﬁnancial                                                              comply with the Companies Act. They are responsible for  statements for each ﬁnancial year. Under that law the                                                              safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for  Directors are required to prepare group ﬁnancial statements                                                              taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection   in accordance with International Financial Reporting                                                               of fraud and other irregularities.                              REPORT  DIRECTORS’  &  GOVERNANCE Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union   and Article 4 of the IAS Regulations. They have elected to  They are also responsible for the maintenance and integrity  prepare the parent company ﬁnancial statements in           of the corporate and ﬁnancial information included on the  accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted           Company’s website. Accounting Practice (United Kingdom accounting standards                                                              Legislation, regulation and practice in the UK governing the  and applicable law) including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure                                                              preparation and dissemination of ﬁnancial statements may  Framework”. In preparing the consolidated Group ﬁnancial                                                              differ from legislation, regulation and practice in other  statements the Directors have also elected to comply with                                                              jurisdictions. IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards                                                                    STATEMENTS  FINANCIAL Board (IASB).                                               Responsibility statement                                                             The Directors, whose names and functions are set out on  Under section 393 of the Companies Act, the Directors must                                                              pages 50 to 54, conﬁrm that to the best of their knowledge: not approve the accounts unless they are satisﬁed that they  give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company • The ﬁnancial statements, prepared in accordance with the  and of the proﬁt or loss of the Company for that period.      relevant ﬁnancial reporting framework, give a true and fair                                                                view of the assets, liabilities, ﬁnancial position and proﬁt  In preparing the Company ﬁnancial statements, the                                                                or loss of the Company and the undertakings included in       INFORMATION  OTHER Directors are required to:                                    the consolidation taken as a whole • Select suitable accounting policies and apply them        • The management report includes a fair review of the   consistently                                                 development and performance of the business and the  • Make judgements and accounting estimates that are           position of the Company and the undertakings included   reasonable and prudent                                       in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a  • Follow applicable UK Accounting Standards (except where     description of the principal risks and uncertainties they face  any departures from this requirement are explained in the  • The Integrated Report and ﬁnancial statements, taken as   notes to the parent company ﬁnancial statements)             a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable and provide  • Prepare the ﬁnancial statements on the going concern        the information necessary for shareholders to assess    basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the         the Company’s position and performance, business model   Company will continue in business                            and strategy  In preparing the Group ﬁnancial statements in accordance    By order of the Board with IAS (UK & Ireland) 1, “Presentation of Financial                                                              Clare Wardle  Statements”, the Directors are required to:                                                             Company Secretary  • Select suitable accounting policies and apply             14 March 2019  them consistently • Present information, including accounting policies,    in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable   and understandable information  • Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the   speciﬁc requirements in IFRS are insufﬁcient to enable   users to understand the impact of particular transactions,   other events and conditions on the entity’s ﬁnancial   performance • Make an assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as   a going concern                                                            Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F 91

        FINANCIAL          STATEMENTS          94    Independent Auditor’s Reports         104   Consolidated Financial Statements         109   Notes to the Consolidated Financial                Statements         151   Company Financial Statements         153   Notes to the Company Financial                Statements   92        Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGIC                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE & DIRECTORS’ REPORT  DIRECTORS’ &  GOVERNANCE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FINANCIAL                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION OTHER   Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F                                                                                                                                        93

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF COCA-COLA
EUROPEAN PARTNERS PLC
Opinion
In our opinion:
•
Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s Group financial statements and Parent company financial statements (the financial statements) give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the parent company’s affairs as at 31 December 2018 and of the Group’s profit for the year then ended;
•
the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union;
•
the parent company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting Standards including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”; and
•
the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and, as regards the Group financial statements, Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.
We have audited the financial statements of Coca-Cola European Partners plc which comprise:
Group
Parent company
Consolidated income statement for the year then ended
Statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
Statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018
Related notes 1 to 13 to the financial statements including a summary of significant accounting policies
Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended

Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended

Related notes 1 to 24 to the financial statements including a summary of significant accounting policies

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union and, as explained in the accounting policies set out in the Group financial statements, the Group, in addition to complying with its legal obligation to apply IFRS as adopted by the EU, has also applied IFRS as issued by the IASB. In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements comply with IFRS as issued by the IASB. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the Parent company financial statements is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report below. We are independent of the Group and parent company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
94
Conclusions relating to principal risks, going concern and viability statement
We have nothing to report in respect of the following information in the Annual Report, in relation to which the ISAs(UK) require us to report to you whether we have anything material to add or draw attention to:
•
the disclosures in the annual report set out on pages 41-42 that describe the principal risks and explain how they are being managed or mitigated;
•
the directors’ confirmation set out on page 41 in the annual report that they have carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks facing the entity, including those that would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity;
•
the directors’ statement set out on page 90 in the financial statements about whether they considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing them, and their identification of any material uncertainties to the entity’s ability to continue to do so over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements;
•
whether the directors’ statement in relation to going concern required under the Listing Rules in accordance with Listing Rule 9.8.6R(3) is materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the audit; or
•
the directors’ explanation set out on page 44 in the annual report as to how they have assessed the prospects of the entity, over what period they have done so and why they consider that period to be appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the entity will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of their assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.
Overview of our audit approach
Key audit matters
•
Aspects of Revenue Recognition
•
Carrying value of goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles
•
Taxation:
accounting for deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions
Audit scope
•
We performed an audit of the complete financial information of seven components and audit procedures on specific balances for a further four components
•
The components where we performed full or specific audit procedures accounted for 95% of profit before taxation, 91% of revenue and 96% of total assets

•
Overall Group materiality of €60.3 million which represents 5% of Group profit before taxation
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
95
Risk
Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to the Audit Committee
Aspects of revenue recognition
Refer to the Audit Committee Report (page 70); Accounting policies (page 109).
The Group participates in various programmes and arrangements with customers referred to as pay for performance programmes and sales incentives, which are recorded as deductions from revenue. These totalled €3.0 billion for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: €2.9 billion). The types of programmes are disclosed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements with details about accruals for the Group’s pay for performance programmes disclosed in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
We identified a significant risk related to manipulation of revenues through the measurement of the pay for performance liability and through manual and unusual adjustments to revenue. Our response to this identified risk included significant audit effort and focused on the areas where management applies judgement, where the processing is either manual or more complex, and where the quantum of agreements is high.
Our assessment of the risk remained broadly unchanged compared to 2017.
We performed full audit procedures over this risk area in seven components, which covered 87% of the risk amount.
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls, including IT controls, in place within the pay for performance programmes process. We were able to take a controls-reliance approach over the process in all locations.
We tested the completeness and valuation of deductions from revenue and the associated unpaid balance sheet amounts recognised in trade and other payables by reviewing post-period end settlement. We also performed a historical analysis of prior period balance sheet amounts to test that these amounts were appropriately settled.
We tested settlement of pay for performance programmes balances throughout the year on a sample basis and performed completeness testing procedures.
When estimation was inherent in the calculation of accruals, we performed procedures, among others, to evaluate assumptions inherent in the calculation of the accrual by testing deals to settlement.  We tested the assumptions utilised in the calculations, including consideration of any changes in the business environment that would warrant changes in the methodology utilised from prior year and the presence of any contrary evidence.
In seven full and specific scope components, and at two other locations, we performed correlation analysis between revenue, accounts receivable, and cash utilising journal data to identify and test unusual and unexpected journals. We obtained and inspected documentation for any material unusual or unexpected journals which were made.
We reviewed management’s disclosure in respect of customer marketing programme amounts recorded in the income statement and statement of financial position.
Pay for performance agreements are appropriately recognised in the income statement and balance sheet, and the related disclosures included in the financial statements are appropriate.
We concluded that revenue was appropriately recognised by the Group.
Risk
Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to the Audit Committee
Carrying value of goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles
Refer to the Audit Committee Report (page 70); Accounting policies (page 109).
At 31 December 2018, the value of the Group’s goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles was €10,602 million (2017: €10,629 million)
As discussed in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (page 113), goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles are tested for impairment at least annually at the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) Level.
Auditing management’s annual impairment test was complex and judgemental as the directors’ assessment of ‘value in use’ of the Group’s CGUs involves judgement about the future results of the business, long-term growth rates and the discount rates applied to future cash flow forecasts.
In particular, management’s impairment models used to calculate the value in use estimate were most sensitive to assumptions such as discount rates, EBITDA assumptions, and terminal growth rates.
Our assessment of the risk remained broadly unchanged compared to 2017.
We performed audit procedures on all impairment models relating to material cash generating units. Our audit procedures were performed by the Group audit team.
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls, including IT controls, in place within the impairment review process. We were able to take a controls-reliance approach over the process.
We evaluated management’s assumptions used in the impairment models. We corroborated management’s assumptions with reference to historical data and, where applicable, external benchmarks. We tested the integrity of management’s models and carried out audit procedures on management’s sensitivity calculations.
We performed further testing on those CGUs with lower available headroom, of those the most significant CGUs were Iberia and Germany, where we also assessed management`s historical accuracy in determining assumptions by comparing actual results with previously forecasted results and considered any contrary evidence available for the assumptions.
In addition, we performed additional sensitivity analysis on the significant management judgements, with the support of our specialist on certain of these judgements, to assess whether a reasonably possible change in certain assumptions to which the model is most sensitive could lead to an impairment charge.
We performed testing on the accounting for synergy benefits and expenses for compliance with the requirements of IAS 36.
We reviewed the appropriateness of the related disclosures provided in the Group financial statements including review for completeness of the disclosures regarding those CGUs with material goodwill balances and where a reasonably possible change in certain variables could lead to impairment charges.
We agree with management’s conclusion that no impairment is required. We consider management’s estimates to be appropriate, with all assumptions within an acceptable range.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
96
Risk
Our response to the risk
Key observations communicated to the Audit Committee
Taxation: accounting for deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions
Refer to the Audit Committee Report (page 70); Accounting policies (page 109).
The Group is subject to income tax in numerous jurisdictions and is also involved in various legal proceedings relating to tax matters as described in Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (page 137).
We focused our audit effort on recognition or realisation of material deferred tax assets 2018 recognised: €37.2 million, 2018 unrecognised: €544 million (2017 recognised: €56 million, 2017 unrecognised: €569 million), primarily within Spain and Germany, as well as the uncertain tax positions arising from the ongoing tax audits within the Group, specifically within Spain and at the pan-European level. Recognition and realisation of deferred tax assets was considered to be a highly judgemental area due to ongoing tax audits, changes in certain jurisdictions’ profitability and business models.
This risk has been revised from the prior year to remove a focus on the US Tax Cuts and Job Act which was enacted on 22 December 2017, as this has not had a significant impact on the Group’s 2018 Consolidated Financial Statements.
Auditing this risk area was complex and highly judgemental due to the significant estimation required in calculating the uncertain tax positions and assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Therefore, audit procedures over this risk area were performed in part by the Group audit team, as well as by full scope component teams with Group audit team oversight.
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls, including IT controls, in place to mitigate the risks within each process. We were able to take a controls-reliance approach over the process in all locations.
We inspected management’s assessment of the recoverability and realisation of deferred tax assets by considering recent changes in tax legislation, current status of ongoing tax audits, expected sources of income and the timeframe required to utilise any deferred tax asset. We challenged management’s assumptions with the assistance of our own specialists and carried out audit procedures on management’s sensitivity calculations.
Assisted by our local tax specialists, we tested the material tax positions taken by the Group in each significant jurisdiction (Spain, France and Germany) and at the pan-European level in the context of local tax law and significant tax assessments. We also reviewed correspondence with tax authorities and considered the status of any tax audits, historic and current.
We evaluated management’s positions by obtaining management’s assessment of risk from legal proceedings in relation to the tax position and have obtained the legal documentation which supports each position.
We also reviewed the appropriateness of the related disclosures provided in the Group financial statements, including the disclosure of tax balances subject to ongoing disputes.
We concluded that tax balances are appropriately recognised by the Group.
We concluded that the tax disclosures provided in the Consolidated Financial Statements are appropriate.
There have been no changes to key audit matters since the prior year other than to our revised risk related to taxation as described above.
An overview of the scope of our audit
Tailoring the scope
Our assessment of audit risk, our evaluation of materiality and our allocation of performance materiality determine our audit scope for each entity within the Group.  Taken together, this enables us to form an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We take into account size, risk profile, the organisation of the Group and effectiveness of Group-wide controls, changes in the business environment and other factors when assessing the level of work to be performed at each entity.
In assessing the risk of material misstatement to the Group financial statements, and to ensure we had adequate quantitative coverage of significant accounts in the financial statements, of the 48 reporting components of the Group (12 of which are trading components), we selected 11 components covering two corporate entities and nine trading entities within Great Britain, Spain, Germany, France, Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg, which represent the principal business units within the Group.
Of the 11 components selected, we performed an audit of the complete financial information of 7 components (“full scope components”) which were selected based on their size or risk characteristics. For the remaining 4 components (“specific scope components”), we performed audit procedures on specific accounts within that component that we considered had the potential for the greatest impact on the significant accounts in the financial statements either because of the size of these accounts or their risk profile.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
97
The table below illustrates the coverage obtained from the work performed by our audit teams.

Number

% Group
 profit
before tax
2018
% Group
profit
before tax 2017
% Group revenue
2018
% Group revenue
2017
% Total
assets
2018
% Total
assets
2017
See Note
Full scope
7

81
%
88
%
82
%
78
%
90
%
91
%
(B) (C) (D)

Specific scope
4

14
%
6
%
9
%
13
%
6
%
5
%
(A) (B) (C) (E)

Full and specific scope coverage
11

95
%
94
%
91
%
91
%
96
%
96
%

Remaining components
37

5
%
6
%
9
%
9
%
4
%
4
%
(C) (D) (F)

Total Reporting components
48

100
%
100
%
100%
100
%
100%
100
%

Notes
(A)
The specific scope components relate to one corporate entity whose activities include certain Group management functions and consolidation adjustments and three trading entities.
(B)
The Group audit risk in relation to tax was subject to audit procedures at each of the full and specific scoped locations.
(C)
The Group audit risk in relation to Aspects of Revenue Recognition was subject to full scope audit procedures in four components, specific scope audit procedures in three components, and review scope procedures in two components that were performed by the Group audit team.
(D)
The Group audit risk in relation to carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets was subject to audit procedures across the Group performed by the Group audit team.
(E)
The audit scope of these components may not have included testing of all significant accounts of the component but will have contributed to the coverage of significant accounts tested for the Group. Significant accounts that were not subject to the specific scope audit were subjected to testing of Group-wide controls and analytical review.
(F)
Of the remaining 37 components that together represent 5% of the Group’s profit before tax, none are individually greater than 5% of the Group’s profit before tax. For the four trading components within this category, we defined two as ‘review scope’ components for which we performed specified procedures on revenue. For the remaining components in this category, we performed other procedures, including testing of Group-wide controls, analytical review, testing of consolidation journals and intercompany eliminations, and foreign currency translation recalculations to respond to any potential risks of material misstatement to the Group financial statements.
Changes from the prior year
For our 2018 integrated audit, we reduced the components in Specific Scope from 5 to 4. This is due to the dilution of the share of the Group`s results for one corporate entity.
Involvement with component teams
In establishing our overall approach to the Group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be undertaken at each of the components by us, as the Primary audit engagement team, or by component auditors from other EY global network firms operating under our instruction. Of the seven full scope components, audit procedures were performed on six of these directly by the component audit team. For the three specific scope components where the work was performed by component auditors, we determined the appropriate level of involvement to enable us to determine that sufficient audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the Group as a whole.
The Group audit team continued to follow a programme of planned visits that has been designed to ensure that the Senior Statutory Auditor visits all full scope audit locations at least once in the year. During the current year’s audit cycle, visits were undertaken by the Primary audit team to the component teams in Great Britain, France, Belgium, Spain and Germany. We also visited Bulgaria, which is the shared service centre location which contributed to the audits of a number of components. These visits involved meetings with component teams to discuss and direct their audit approach, reviewing and understanding the significant audit findings in response to the risk areas including aspects of revenue recognition and taxation, holding meetings with local management, and obtaining updates on local regulatory matters including tax, pensions, restructuring and legal. The Primary audit team interacted regularly with the component teams where appropriate during various stages of the audit, reviewed key working papers and were responsible for the scope and direction of the audit process.  This, together with the additional procedures performed at Group level, gave us appropriate evidence for our opinion on the Group financial statements. The Group audit team attended all component audit closing meetings.
Our application of materiality
We apply the concept of materiality in planning and performing the audit, in evaluating the effect of identified misstatements on the audit and in forming our audit opinion.
Materiality
The magnitude of an omission or misstatement that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of the users of the financial statements. Materiality provides a basis for determining the nature and extent of our audit procedures.
We determined materiality for the Group to be €60.3 million (2017: €58 million), which is 5% of profit before taxation (2017: 5% of profit before taxation). We believe that profit before taxation provides us with most relevant performance measure to the stakeholders of Coca-Cola European Partners plc.
We determined materiality for the Parent Company to be €165.0 million (2017: €169 million), which is 1% of shareholders` equity (2017: 1% of shareholders` equity).
During the course of our audit, we reassessed initial materiality and adjusted the materiality level based on actual results. We did not change our materiality measure of 5% of profit before tax.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
98
Performance materiality
The application of materiality at the individual account or balance level.  It is set at an amount to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected misstatements exceeds materiality.
On the basis of our risk assessments, together with our assessment of the Group’s overall control environment, our judgement was that performance materiality was 75% (2017: 75%) of our planning materiality, namely €45.2 million (2017: €43.5 million).  We reviewed any misstatements identified in our 2017 Group audit to assess their potential recurrence in 2018 (which would affect the percentage of Group performance materiality we utilised to determine the extent of our audit procedures).  Based on the nature of the adjustments identified last year and the stabilised structure of the finance environment within the Group, we concluded the likelihood of material misstatements would be lower in the current year and, hence, we set performance materiality at 75%.
Audit work at component locations for the purpose of obtaining audit coverage over significant financial statement accounts is undertaken based on a percentage of total performance materiality. The performance materiality set for each component is based on the relative scale and risk of the component to the Group as a whole and our assessment of the risk of misstatement at that component.  In the current year, the range of performance materiality allocated to components was €9 million to €23.6 million (2017: €8.7 million to €21.8 million).
Reporting threshold
An amount below which identified misstatements are considered as being clearly trivial.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them all uncorrected audit differences in excess of €3.0 million (2017: €2.9 million), which is set at 5% of planning materiality, as well as differences below that threshold that, in our view, warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.
We evaluate any uncorrected misstatements against both the quantitative measures of materiality discussed above and in light of other relevant qualitative considerations in forming our opinion.
Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, including Strategic report set out on pages 1-47, Governance and Directors` report set out on pages 48-91, Other Group Information set out on pages 160-196, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.  The Directors are responsible for the other information.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
In this context, we also have nothing to report in regard to our responsibility to specifically address the following items in the other information and to report as uncorrected material misstatements of the other information where we conclude that those items meet the following conditions:
•
Fair, balanced and understandable set out on page 91 - the statement given / the explanation as to why the annual report does not include a statement by the directors that they consider the annual report and financial statements taken as a whole is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s performance, business model and strategy, is materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the audit; or
•
Audit Committee reporting set out on page 70 - the section describing the work of the Audit Committee does not appropriately address matters communicated by us to the Audit Committee / the explanation as to why the annual report does not include a section describing the work of the audit committee is materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the audit; or
•
Directors’ statement of compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code set out on page 57 - the parts of the Directors’ statement required under the Listing Rules relating to the Company’s compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code containing provisions specified for review by the auditor in accordance with Listing Rule 9.8.10R (2) do not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision of the UK Corporate Governance Code.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
99
Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, the part of the directors’ remuneration report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
•
the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements and those reports have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements;
•
the information about internal control and risk management systems in relation to financial reporting processes and about share capital structures, given in compliance with rules 7.2.5 and 7.2.6 in the Disclosure Rules and Transparency Rules sourcebook made by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA Rules), is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements; and
•
information about the company’s corporate governance code and practices and about its administrative, management and supervisory bodies and their committees complies with rules 7.2.2, 7.2.3 and 7.2.7 of the FCA Rules.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the parent company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in:
•
the strategic report or the directors’ report; or
•
the information about internal control and risk management systems in relation to financial reporting processes and about share capital structures, given in compliance with rules 7.2.5 and 7.2.6 of the FCA Rules.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:
•
adequate accounting records have not been kept by the parent company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
•
the parent company financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
•
certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
•
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
•
a Corporate Governance Statement has not been prepared by the Company.
Responsibilities of directors
As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 91, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group and parent company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
100
Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud
The objectives of our audit, in respect to fraud, are; to identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements due to fraud; to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the assessed risks of material misstatement due to fraud, through designing and implementing appropriate responses; and to respond appropriately to fraud or suspected fraud identified during the audit.  However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the entity and management.
Our approach was as follows:
•
We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the Group and determined that the most significant are:
•
those that relate to the form and content of the financial statements, such as the Group accounting policy, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the UK Companies Act 2006 and the UK Corporate Governance Code;
•
those that relate to the accrual or recognition of expenses for taxation such as various country specific tax codes in which the Group has operations; and
•
those that relate to the accrual or recognition of expenses for pension costs, as well as the treatment of its employees, such as labour agreements in countries where the Group operates.
•
We understood how Coca-Cola European Partners plc is complying with those frameworks by observing the oversight of those charged with governance, the culture of honesty and ethical behaviour and a strong emphasis is placed on fraud prevention, which may reduce opportunities for fraud to take place, and fraud deterrence, which could persuade individuals not to commit fraud because of the likelihood of detection and punishment.
•
We assessed the susceptibility of the Group’s financial statements to material misstatement, including how fraud might occur by making an assessment of the key fraud risks to the Group and the manner in which such risks may manifest themselves in practice, based on our previous knowledge of the Group as well as an assessment of the current business environment.
•
Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify non-compliance with such laws and regulations. Where the risk was considered to be higher, we performed audit procedures to address each identified fraud risk. These procedures included testing manual journals and were designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements were free of fraud or error. We evaluated the design and operational effectiveness of controls put in place to address the risks identified, or that otherwise prevent, deter and detect fraud. We also considered performance targets and their influence on efforts made by management to manage earnings.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council’s website at https://www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
Other matters we are required to address
•
We were appointed by the company on 22 June 2016 to audit the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2016 and subsequent financial periods.
•
The period of total uninterrupted engagement including previous renewals and reappointments is 3 years, covering the years ending 31 December 2016 to 31 December 2018.
•
The non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided to the Group or the parent company and we remain independent of the Group and the parent company in conducting the audit.
•
The audit opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee.
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.
Karl Havers (Senior statutory auditor)
for and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
London
14 March 2019
Notes
A.
The maintenance and integrity of the Coca-Cola European Partners plc web site is the responsibility of the Directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the financial statements since they were initially presented on the web site
B.
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
101
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (the Company) as of 31 December 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2018 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at 31 December 2018 and 2017, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2018, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of 31 December 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated 14 March 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2016.
London, United Kingdom
14 March 2019
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
102
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s internal control over financial reporting as of 31 December 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Coca-Cola European Partners plc (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of 31 December 2018, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of  the Company as of 31 December 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 31 December 2018 and the related notes and our report dated 14 March 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 20-F. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
London, United Kingdom
14 March 2019
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
103
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

Year ended

31 December 2018
31 December 2017
31 December 2016

Note

€ million

€ million

€ million
Revenue

11,518

11,062

9,133
Cost of sales
15

(7,060
)

(6,772
)

(5,584
)
Gross profit

4,458

4,290

3,549
Selling and distribution expenses
15

(2,178
)

(2,124
)

(1,615
)
Administrative expenses
15

(980
)

(906
)

(1,083
)
Operating profit

1,300

1,260

851
Finance income
16

47

48

31
Finance costs
16

(140
)

(148
)

(154
)
Total finance costs, net

(93
)

(100
)

(123
)
Non-operating items

(2
)

(1
)

(9
)
Profit before taxes

1,205

1,159

719
Taxes
18

(296
)

(471
)

(170
)
Profit after taxes

909

688

549

Basic earnings per share (€)
3

1.88

1.42

1.45
Diluted earnings per share (€)
3

1.86

1.41

1.42
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
104
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

Note

€ million

€ million

€ million
Profit after taxes

909

688

549
Components of other comprehensive income (loss):

Items that may be subsequently reclassified to the income statement:

Foreign currency translations:

    Pretax activity, net

(35
)

(111
)

(186
)
    Tax effect

—

—

—
Foreign currency translation, net of tax

(35
)

(111
)

(186
)
Net investment hedges:

    Pretax activity, net

—

—

(66
)
    Tax effect

—

27

22
Net investment hedges, net of tax
10, 18

—

27

(44
)
Cash flow hedges:

    Pretax activity, net

(17
)

—

(11
)
    Tax effect

3

—

2
Cash flow hedges, net of tax
10, 18

(14
)

—

(9
)

(49
)

(84
)

(239
)
Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to the income statement:

Pension plan remeasurements:

    Pretax activity, net

2

91

(65
)
    Tax effect

—

(18
)
14
Pension plan remeasurements, net of tax
13, 18

2

73

(51
)

2

73

(51
)
Other comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax

(47
)

(11
)

(290
)
Comprehensive income for the period

862

677

259
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
105
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2018

31 December 2017
Note
€ million

€ million
ASSETS

Non-current:

Intangible assets
4

8,384

8,384
Goodwill
4

2,518

2,520
Property, plant and equipment
5

3,888

3,837
Non-current derivative assets
10

2

2
Deferred tax assets
18

37

56
Other non-current assets
21

396

81
Total non-current assets

15,225

14,880
Current:

Current derivative assets
10

13

20
Current tax assets
18

21

25
Inventories
6

693

650
Amounts receivable from related parties
17

107

75
Trade accounts receivable
7

1,655

1,732
Other current assets
21

193

452
Cash and cash equivalents
8

309

360
Total current assets

2,991

3,314
Total assets

18,216

18,194
LIABILITIES

Non-current:

Borrowings, less current portion
11

5,127

5,474
Employee benefit liabilities
13

142

162
Non-current provisions
20

119

48
Non-current derivative liabilities
10

51

93
Deferred tax liabilities
18

2,157

2,237
Other non-current liabilities

264

208
Total non-current liabilities

7,860

8,222
Current:

Current portion of borrowings
11

491

274
Current portion of employee benefit liabilities
13

19

21
Current provisions
20

133

194
Current derivative liabilities
10

20

1
Current tax liabilities
18

110

86
Amounts payable to related parties
17

191

178
Trade and other payables
12

2,828

2,533
Total current liabilities

3,792

3,287
Total liabilities

11,652

11,509
EQUITY

Share capital
14

5

5
Share premium
14

152

127
Merger reserves
14

287

287
Other reserves
14

(552
)

(503
)
Retained earnings

6,672

6,769
Total equity

6,564

6,685
Total equity and liabilities

18,216

18,194
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
The financial statements were approved by the Directors and authorised for issue on
14 March 2019
. They were signed on its behalf by:
Damian Gammell
Chief Executive Officer
14 March 2019

Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
106
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

Note

€ million

€ million

€ million
Cash flows from operating activities:

Profit before taxes

1,205

1,159

719
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows from operating activities:

Depreciation
5

461

443

333
Amortisation of intangible assets
4

51

47

39
Share-based payment expense
19

17

14

42
Finance costs, net
16

93

100

123
Income taxes paid

(263
)

(247
)

(187
)
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisition amounts:

Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables

72

108

87
Decrease/(increase) in inventories

(45
)

16

61
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables

297

142

155
Increase/(decrease) in provisions

9

(67
)

37
Change in other operating assets and liabilities

(91
)

(92
)

(165
)
Net cash flows from operating activities

1,806

1,623

1,244
Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

(525
)

(484
)

(459
)
Purchases of capitalised software

(75
)

(36
)

(38
)
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment

4

32

12
Settlement of net investment hedges

—

—

(8
)
Cash from acquisition of bottling operations

—

—

110
Net cash flows used in investing activities

(596
)
(488
)

(383
)
Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from borrowings, net of issuance costs
11

398

350

3,174
Changes in short-term borrowings
11

(131
)

250

(183
)
Repayments on third-party borrowings
11

(444
)

(1,180
)

(241
)
Interest paid, net
11

(81
)

(94
)

(110
)
Dividends paid
14

(513
)

(489
)

(204
)
Purchase of own shares under share buyback programme
14

(502
)

—

—
Exercise of employee share options

25

13

18
Repurchases of share-based payments
19

—

—

(27
)
Repayment of loan with TCCC assumed in acquisition
17

—

—

(73
)
Return of capital to CCE shareholders
14

—

—

(2,963
)
Other financing activities, net

(11
)

(2
)

(17
)
Net cash flows used in financing activities

(1,259
)

(1,152
)

(626
)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents

(49
)

(17
)

235
Net effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

(2
)

(9
)

(5
)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
8

360

386

156
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
8

309

360

386
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
107
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Share capital

Share premium

Merger reserves

Other reserves

Treasury shares

Retained earnings

Total equity
Note
€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
As at 1 January 2016
3
2,729
—
(180
)
(3,307
)
1,626
871
Profit after taxes
—

—

—

—

—

549

549
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
—

—

—

(239
)

—

(51
)

(290
)
Total comprehensive income
—

—
—

(239
)

—

498

259
Shares utilised for share-based payments prior to Merger
14
—

9

—

—

(6
)

6

9
Cancellation of CCE shares
14

(3
)

(2,738
)

(572
)

—

3,313

—

—
Issuance of CCEP shares in consideration for CCIP and CCEG
14

3

—

8,466

—

—

—

8,469
Group reconstruction transaction
14

2

7,605

(7,607
)

—

—

—

—
Issuances of shares post-Merger
14

—

9

—

—

—

—

9
Return of capital to CCE shareholders
14
—

—

—

—

—

(2,963
)

(2,963
)
Capital reduction
14
—

(7,500
)

—

—

—

7,500

—
Reclassifications of share-based payments
19
—

—

—

—

—

(22
)

(22
)
Equity-settled share-based payment expense
19
—

—

—

—

—

29

29
Share-based payment tax benefits
18
—

—

—

—

—

5

5
Dividends
14

—

—

—

—

—

(205
)

(205
)
As at 31 December 2016
5
114
287
(419
)
—
6,474
6,461
Profit after taxes
—

—

—

—

—

688

688
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
—

—

—

(84
)

—

73

(11
)
Total comprehensive income
—
—
—
(84
)
—
761
677
Issue of shares during the year
14
—

13

—

—

—

—

13
Equity-settled share-based payment expense
19
—

—

—

—

—

11

11
Share-based payment tax benefits
18
—

—

—

—

—

14

14
Dividends
14
—

—

—

—

—

(491
)

(491
)
As at 31 December 2017
5

127

287

(503
)

—

6,769

6,685
Profit after taxes

—

—

—

—

—

909

909
Other comprehensive income/(expense)

—

—

—

(49
)

—

2

(47
)
Total comprehensive income

—

—

—

(49
)

—

911

862
Issue of shares during the year
14

—

25

—

—

—

—

25
Equity-settled share-based payment expense
19

—

—

—

—

—

16

16
Share-based payment tax effects
18

—

—

—

—

—

(7
)

(7
)
Dividends
14

—

—

—

—

—

(515
)

(515
)
Own shares purchased under share buyback programme
14

—

—

—

—

—

(502
)

(502
)
As at 31 December 2018

5

152

287

(552
)

—

6,672

6,564
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
108
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
N
ote
1

GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PREPARATION
Coca-Cola European Partners plc (the Company or Parent Company) was created through the Merger on 28 May 2016 of the businesses of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. (CCE), Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A. (CCIP) and Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetränke GmbH (CCEG) (the Merger).
The Company and its subsidiaries (together CCEP, or the Group) are a leading consumer goods group in Europe, making, selling and distributing an extensive range of ready to drink beverages. CCEP is a public company limited by shares, incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with the registered number in England of 09717350. The Group’s shares are listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam, the New York Stock Exchange, Euronext London and the continuous market of the Spanish Stock Exchanges.
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2018
 were approved and signed by Damian Gammell, Chief Executive Officer on
14 March 2019
 having been duly authorised to do so by the Board of Directors.
Basis of preparation
Upon the consummation of the Merger, the historical consolidated financial statements of CCE became CCEP’s historical financial statements as CCE was deemed to be the predecessor to CCEP. Therefore, the financial results from 1 January 2016 to 27 May 2016 refer to CCE and its consolidated subsidiaries, and the periods subsequent to 28 May 2016 refer to the consolidated financial results of CCEP.
Additionally, these consolidated financial statements reflect the following:
•
They have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, IFRS as adopted by the European Union and in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006. There are no differences between IFRS as adopted by the European Union and IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) that have an impact for the years presented.
•
They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for certain items measured at fair value. Those accounting policies have been applied consistently in all periods, except for the adoption of new standards and amendments as of 1 January 2018, as described below under Accounting Policies.
•
They are presented in euros, which is also the Parent Company’s functional currency
and all values are rounded to the nearest € million except where otherwise indicated.
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Group and its subsidiaries. All subsidiaries have accounting years ended 31 December and apply consistent accounting policies for the purpose of the consolidated financial statements.
Subsidiary undertakings are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and cease to be consolidated from the date on which control is transferred out of the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through the Group’s power to direct the activities of the entity. All intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated on consolidation.
Foreign currency
The individual financial statements of each subsidiary are presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the subsidiary operates (its functional currency). For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the results and financial position of each subsidiary are expressed in euros.
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are remeasured to the functional currency of the entity at the rate of exchange in effect at the statement of financial position date with the resulting gain or loss recorded in the
consolidated income statement
. The
consolidated income statement
 includes non-operating items which are primarily made up of remeasurement gains and losses related to currency exchange rate fluctuations on financing transactions denominated in a currency other than the subsidiary’s functional currency. Non-operating items are shown on a net basis and reflect the impact of any derivative instruments utilised to hedge the foreign currency movements of the underlying financing transactions.
The assets and liabilities of the Group's foreign operations are translated from local currencies to the euro reporting currency at currency exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. Revenues and expenses are translated at average monthly currency exchange rates, with average rates being a reasonable approximation of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Gains and losses from translation are included in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, accumulated exchange differences are recognised as a component of the gain or loss on disposal.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
109
Reporting periods
In these consolidated financial statements, the Group is reporting the financial results for the years ended
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and
31 December 2016
.
Sales of the Group’s products are seasonal, with the second and third quarters accounting for higher unit sales of the Group’s products than the first and fourth quarters. The seasonality of the Group’s sales volume, combined with the accounting for fixed costs such as depreciation, amortisation, rent and interest expense, impacts the Group’s reported results for the first and second halves of the year. Additionally, year over year shifts in holidays, selling days and weather patterns can impact the Group’s results on an annual or half-yearly basis.
The following table summarises the number of selling days by quarter for the years ended
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and
31 December 2016
 (based on a standard five-day selling week):

First Quarter

Second Quarter

Third Quarter

Fourth Quarter

Full Year
2018

65

65

65

66

261
2017

65

65

65

65

260
2016

66

65

65

65

261
Accounting policies
The accounting policies applied by the Group are included in the relevant notes herein. Effective 1 January 2018, the Group implemented the following new accounting policies, following changes in the related accounting standards. Refer to
Note 23
 for accounting standards issued but not yet effective.
IFRS 15 - Revenue recognition and deductions from revenue (IFRS 15)
The Group derives its revenues by making, selling and distributing ready to drink beverages. The revenue from the sale of our products is recognised at the point in time at which control passes to a customer, typically when products are delivered to a customer.  A receivable is recognised by the Group at the point in time at which the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Therefore, the adoption of IFRS 15 on 1 January 2018 did not have an impact on the manner in which the Group recognised revenue.
The Group also examined the terms of the various promotional programmes under which rebates, refunds, price concessions or similar items can be earned by customers for attaining agreed upon sales levels or for participating in specific marketing programmes. Those promotional programmes do not give rise to a separate performance obligation. Where the consideration the Group is entitled to varies because of such programmes, it is deemed to be variable consideration. The related accruals are recognised as a deduction from revenue and are not considered distinct from the sale of products to the customer. Variable consideration is only included to the extent that it is highly probable that the inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future normal commercial terms. Therefore, the variable consideration and classification requirements of IFRS 15 did not have any impact in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
Financing elements are not deemed present in our contracts with customers as the sales are made with credit terms not exceeding normal commercial terms. Taxes on sugared soft drinks, excise taxes and taxes on packaging are recorded on a gross basis (i.e. included in revenue) where the Group is the principal in the arrangement. Value added taxes are recorded on a net basis (i.e. excluded from revenue). The Group assesses these taxes and duties on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis to conclude on the appropriate accounting treatment.
IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments (IFRS 9)
IFRS 9 has been developed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to replace IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (IAS 39). IFRS 9 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018 and was applied prospectively.
Classification and measurement
As part of the IFRS 9 transition, there was no material change in the measurement or classification of assets or liabilities in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
Impairment of financial assets
The expected credit loss model required under IFRS 9 primarily impacts the Group’s trade receivables. The simplified approach permitted under IFRS 9 was applied across the Group to measure expected credit losses using a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. This approach is substantially similar to the reserving methodology applied under IAS 39 and the impact was insignificant.
Hedge accounting
The hedge principles under IFRS 9 align more closely with the Group’s financial risk management as described in Note 22. Therefore more hedge relationships during 2018 were eligible for hedge accounting upon the adoption of IFRS 9.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
110
Other amendments and interpretations
The Group has also adopted the Amendments to IFRS 2, “Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions” which did not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.
Significant judgements and estimates
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The significant judgements made in applying the Group’s accounting policies were applied consistently across the annual periods. The significant judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in these financial statements are outlined below:
Deductions from revenue and sales incentives
The Group participates in various promotional programmes with customers designed to increase the sale of products. Among the programmes are arrangements under which rebates, refunds, price concessions or similar items can be earned by customers for attaining agreed upon sales levels, or for participating in specific marketing programmes. Those promotional programmes do not give rise to a separate performance obligation. Where the consideration the Group is entitled to varies because of such programmes, the amount payable is deemed to be variable consideration. Management makes estimates on an ongoing basis for each individual promotion to assess the value of the variable consideration. The related accruals are recognised as a deduction from revenue and are not considered distinct from the sale of products to the customer. Refer to
Note 12
 for further details.
Income tax
The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions and there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination cannot be assessed with certainty in the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises a provision for situations that might arise in the foreseeable future based on assessment of the probabilities as to whether additional taxes will be due. In addition, the Group is involved in various legal proceedings and tax matters. Where an outflow of funds is believed to be probable and a reliable estimate of the outcome of the dispute can be made, management provides for its best estimate of the liability. Where the final outcome on these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the tax provision in the period in which such determination is made. These estimates are subject to potential change over time as new facts emerge and each circumstance progresses. The evaluation of deferred tax assets recoverability requires judgements to be made regarding the availability of future taxable income in the jurisdiction giving rise to the deferred tax asset. Refer to
Note 18
 for further details regarding income taxes.
Intangible assets and goodwill
The Group has assigned indefinite lives to its bottling agreements with The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC). This judgement has been made after evaluating the contractual provisions of the bottling agreements, the Group’s mutually beneficial relationship with TCCC and the history of renewals for bottling agreements.
The Group has allocated the goodwill associated with the Merger to the appropriate cash-generating units (CGU). This judgement was based on estimated synergy benefits expected to be realised for each CGU. Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are impaired requires an estimation of the value in use or the fair value less costs to sell of the cash-generating units (CGU) to which the goodwill or intangible asset has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires management’s judgement in estimating the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU. Refer to
Note 4
 for further details about the judgement regarding the lives of bottling agreements, as well as the sensitivity analysis of the assumptions used in the impairment analysis of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives.
Restructuring
The Group holds provisions related to its ongoing restructuring programmes. These provisions are predominantly made up of severance costs. While a detailed plan is in place for the respective events, the amount and timing of outflows is subject to estimation uncertainty. Estimates are made by management based on the information available at the statement of financial position date. Actual outflows may not occur as anticipated and estimates may prove to be incorrect, leading to further charges or releases of provisions as circumstances dictate. Refer to
Note 15
 and
Note 20
 for further details regarding restructuring provisions.
Defined benefit plans
The determination of pension benefit costs and obligations are estimated based on assumptions determined with the assistance of external actuarial advice. The key assumptions impacting the valuations are the discount rate, salary rate of inflation and mortality rates. Refer to
Note 13
 for further details about the Group’s defined benefit pension plan costs and obligations.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
111
Note 2

SEGMENT INFORMATION
Description of segment and principal activities
The Group evaluates its segmental reporting under IFRS 8, “Operating Segments”. The Group derives its revenues through a single business activity, which is making, selling and distributing ready-to-drink beverages. The Group operates solely in developed markets in Western Europe and has a homogenous product portfolio across its geographic territories. Based on the governance structure of the Group, including decision making authority and oversight, the Group has determined that the Board is its Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). The Board, as the CODM, allocates resources and evaluates performance at a consolidated level and, therefore, the Group has
one
 operating segment.
No
 single customer accounted for more than
10%
 of the Group’s revenue during the years ended
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and
31 December 2016
.
Revenue by geography
The following table summarises revenue from external customers by geography, which is based on the origin of the sale:

Year ended

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016
Revenue:
€ million

€ million

€ million
Spain/Portugal/Andorra
(A)
2,670

2,706

1,721
Germany
2,335

2,218

1,335
Great Britain
2,280

2,026

2,076
France/Monaco
1,775

1,803

1,791
Belgium/Luxembourg
983
919

909
Netherlands
580

526

505
Norway
439

416

408
Sweden
365

353

350
Iceland
91

95

38
Total
11,518

11,062

9,133
(A) Spain/Portugal/Andorra is also referred to as Iberia.
Assets by geography
Assets are allocated based on operations and physical location. The following table summarises non-current assets, other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets by geography:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Spain/Portugal/Andorra
(A)
6,873

6,561
Germany
3,160

3,176
Great Britain
2,441

2,395
France/Monaco
890

876
Belgium/Luxembourg
637

612
Netherlands
440

429
Sweden
404

421
Norway
259

267
Iceland
37

41
Other unallocated
45

44
Total
15,186
14,822
(A) Spain/Portugal/Andorra is also referred to as Iberia.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
112
Note 3

EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit after taxes by the weighted average number of shares in issue and outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated in a similar manner, but includes the effect of dilutive securities, principally share options, restricted stock units and performance share units. Share-based payment awards that are contingently issuable upon the achievement of specified market and/or performance conditions are included in the diluted earnings per share calculation based on the number of shares that would be issuable if the end of the period was the end of the contingency period.
The following table summarises basic and diluted earnings per share calculations for the years presented:

Year ended

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016
Profit after taxes attributable to equity shareholders (€ million)
909

688

549
Basic weighted average number of shares in issue
(A)
 (million)
484

484

380
Effect of dilutive potential shares
(B)
(million)
4

5

5
Diluted weighted average number of shares in issue
(A)
(million)
488

489

385
Basic earnings per share (€)
1.88

1.42

1.45
Diluted earnings per share (€)
1.86

1.41

1.42
(A)
The increase of the basic and diluted weighted average number of shares in issue in 2017 is due to the Merger transaction and further described in
Note 14
. As at
31 December 2018
 and at
31 December 2017
, the Group had
474,920,066
 shares and
484,586,428
 shares, respectively in issue and outstanding.
(B)
For the year ended
31 December 2018
, there were
no
 outstanding options to purchase shares excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation. For the years ended
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
, outstanding options to purchase
1.2 million
 shares and
1.2 million
 shares, respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because the effect of including these options in the computation would have been anti-dilutive. The dilutive impact of the remaining options outstanding and unvested restricted stock units was included in the effect of dilutive securities.
Note 4
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
Intangible assets with indefinite lives
Intangible assets with indefinite lives acquired through business combination transactions are measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. These assets are not subject to amortisation but are tested for impairment at least annually at the CGU level or more frequently if facts and circumstances arise that would indicate an impairment may exist. In addition to the annual impairment test, the assessment of indefinite lives is also reviewed annually.
Franchise intangible assets
The Group’s bottling agreements contain performance requirements and convey the rights to distribute and sell products within specified territories. The Group’s agreements with TCCC for each of its territories have terms of
10
 years and expire on
28 May 2026
, with each containing the right for the Group to request a
10
 year renewal. While these agreements contain no automatic right of renewal beyond that date, the Group believes that its interdependent relationship with TCCC and the substantial cost and disruption to TCCC that would be caused by non-renewal ensure that these agreements will continue to be renewed and, therefore, are essentially perpetual. The Group has never had a bottling agreement with TCCC terminated due to non-performance of the terms of the agreement or due to a decision by TCCC to terminate an agreement at the expiration of a term. After evaluating the contractual provisions of bottling agreements, the Group’s mutually beneficial relationship with TCCC and history of renewals, indefinite lives have been assigned to all of the Group’s franchise intangible assets.
Goodwill
Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the total consideration transferred over the amount recognised for net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the gain is recognised in the
consolidated income statement
 as a bargain purchase. Goodwill is not subject to amortisation. It is tested annually for impairment at the CGU level or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to the CGU that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination irrespective of whether a CGU is part of the business combination.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
113
Intangible assets with finite lives
Intangible assets with finite lives are measured at cost of acquisition or production and are amortised using the straight-line method over their respective estimated useful lives. Finite lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. The amortisation period and method are reviewed annually.
Internally generated software
The Group capitalises certain development costs associated with internally developed software, including external direct costs of materials and services and payroll costs for employees devoting time to a software project and any such software acquired as part of a business combination. Development expenditure is recognised as an intangible asset only after its technical feasibility and commercial viability can be demonstrated. When capitalised software is not integral to related hardware it is treated as an intangible asset; otherwise it is included within property, plant and equipment. The estimated useful life of capitalised software is
5
 years. Amortisation expense for capitalised software is included within administrative expenses and was
€43 million
,
€38 million
 and
€33 million
 for the years ended
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and 31 December
2016
, respectively.
Customer relationships
The Group acquired certain customer relationships in connection with the acquisitions of the Norway and Sweden bottling operations from TCCC in 2010 and the Merger with CCIP and CCEG in 2016. These customer relationships were recorded at their fair values on the date of acquisition, and they are amortised over an estimated economic life of
20
 years. The fair values were determined using a “with and without” valuation technique, which compares the revenues with all assets of the business in place, to a “without” scenario, which assumes the customer relationship asset and related revenues do not exist and must be rebuilt over time. Amortisation expense for these assets is included within administrative expenses and was
€8 million
,
€9 million
 and
€6 million
 for the years ended
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and 31 December
2016
, respectively.
Balances and movements in intangible assets and goodwill
The following table summarises the movements in the carrying amounts of intangible assets and goodwill for the periods presented:

Franchise intangible

Software

Customer relationships

Assets under construction

Total intangibles

Goodwill
Cost:

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
As at 31 December 2016

8,003

277

193

3

8,476

2,427
Additions

—

26

—

10

36

—
Disposals

—

(5
)

—

—

(5
)

—
Currency translation adjustments

(73
)

(14
)

(1
)

—

(88
)

(5
)
Acquisition accounting adjustments
(A)

179

(17
)

(30
)

(3
)

129

98
As at 31 December 2017

8,109

267

162

10

8,548

2,520
Additions

—

32

—

43

75

—
Disposals

—

(4
)

—

—

(4
)

—
Transfers and reclassifications

—

1

—

(1
)

—

—
Currency translation adjustments

(25
)

4

—

—

(21
)

(2
)
As at 31 December 2018

8,084

300

162

52

8,598

2,518
Accumulated amortisation:

As at 31 December 2016

—

(121
)

(11
)

—

(132
)

—
Amortisation expense

—

(38
)

(9
)

—

(47
)

—
Disposals

—

5

—

—

5

—
Currency translation adjustments

—

9

1

—

10

—
As at 31 December 2017

—

(145
)

(19
)

—

(164
)

—
Amortisation expense

—

(43
)

(8
)

—

(51
)

—
Disposals

—

3

—

—

3

—
Currency translation adjustments

—

(2
)

—

—

(2
)

—
As at 31 December 2018

—

(187
)

(27
)

—

(214
)

—
Net book value:

As at 31 December 2016

8,003

156

182

3

8,344

2,427
As at 31 December 2017

8,109

122

143

10

8,384

2,520
As at 31 December 2018

8,084

113

135

52

8,384

2,518
(A)
The fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired as part of the Merger were provisional as at 31 December 2016 due to the complexity of the acquired businesses. During 2017, the Group finalised the valuation process and adjustments were recorded based on new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the date of Merger. Management concluded that the changes in the fair values from the provisional amounts disclosed in the 2016 consolidated financial statements were not material to the Group’s 2016 consolidated financial statements taken as whole.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
114
Impairment testing
Each CGU is tested for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter or whenever there is an indication of impairment. The recoverable amount of each CGU is determined through a value in use calculation. To determine value in use for a CGU, estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate reflective of the current market conditions and risks specific to each CGU. If the carrying value of a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the carrying value of the CGU is reduced to its recoverable amount and impairment charges are recognised immediately within the
consolidated income statement
. Impairment charges other than those related to goodwill may be reversed in future periods if a subsequent test indicates that the recoverable amount has increased. Such recoveries may not exceed a CGU’s original carrying value less any depreciation that would have been recognised if no impairment charges were previously recorded.
The Group’s CGUs are based on geography and generally represent the individual territories in which the Group operates. For purposes of allocating intangibles, each franchise intangible is allocated to the geographic region to which the agreement relates and goodwill is allocated to each of the CGUs expected to benefit from a business combination, irrespective of whether other assets and liabilities of the acquired businesses are assigned to the CGUs. The following table identifies the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets attributable to each significant CGU of the Group. In addition to the significant CGUs of the Group, as at
31 December 2018
 the Group had other CGUs with total franchise intangible assets of
€1,103 million
 and goodwill of
€295 million
, which includes
€218 million
 related to goodwill allocated from the Merger.

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

Franchise intangible

Goodwill

Franchise intangible

Goodwill
Cash-generating unit

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
Iberia

4,289

1,275

4,289

1,275
Great Britain

1,632

200

1,647

200
Germany

1,060

748

1,060

748
The recoverable amounts of each CGU were determined through a value in use calculation, which uses cash flow projections for a five year period. The key assumptions used in projecting these cash flows were as follows:
•
Discou
nt rate: A weighted average cost of capital was applied specific to each CGU as a hurdle rate to discount cash flows. The discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks specific to each CGU, taking into consideration the time value of money and individual risks of the underlying assets that have not been incorporated in the cash flow estimates. The table below identifies the pre-tax discount rate attributable to each significant CGU.
•
Growth rate: Cash flows were projected for five years based on the Group’s three year business plans approved by the Board. Cash flows for the fourth year were projected using compound annual growth rates over the preceding three years, and cash flows for a fifth year and beyond the five year period were projected using a terminal growth rate of
2%
.
•
Gross and operating margins: Gross and operating margins are based on the business plans approved by the Board. Key assumptions are made within these plans about volume, pricing, discounts and costs based on historical data, current strategy and expected market trends.

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

Pre-tax discount rate
Cash-generating unit

%

%
Iberia

10

11
Great Britain

10

10
Germany

9

10
The Group did not record any impairment charges as a result of the tests conducted in
2018
 and
2017
. The Group’s Great Britain CGU has substantial headroom when comparing the estimated value in use calculation of the CGU versus the CGU’s carrying value. For the Group’s Germany and Iberia CGUs, the headroom in the
2018
 impairment analysis was approximately
60%
 and
20%
 of carrying value, respectively, which is representative of the fact that the net assets of Germany and Iberia were recently subject to acquisition accounting and fair valued based upon operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of the Merger. As a result, should operating results or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate versus those utilised to fair value the assets, an impairment of the acquired assets could result in the future.
The calculation of value in use is most sensitive to the discount rate and terminal growth rate assumptions. For the Iberia CGU, the Group estimates that a
1.0%
 increase in the discount rate, or a reduction in terminal growth rates of
1.5%
, would eliminate existing headroom. The Group estimates that for the Germany CGU, an approximate
2.5%
 increase in the discount rate, or a
3.5%
 reduction in terminal growth rates, would eliminate existing headroom.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
115
Note 5

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, where cost is the amount of cash or cash equivalents paid to acquire an asset at the time of its acquisition or construction. Major property additions, replacements and improvements are capitalised, while maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of an asset or add new functionality are expensed as incurred. Land is not depreciated, as it is considered to have an indefinite life. For all property, plant and equipment, other than land, depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the respective estimated useful lives as follows:

                  Useful life (years)
Category
Low
High
Building and improvements
10
40
Machinery, equipment and containers
3
20
Cold-drink equipment
5
13
Vehicle fleet
3
12
Furniture and office equipment
4
10
Gains or losses arising on the disposal or retirement of an asset are determined as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and any proceeds from its sale. Leasehold improvements are amortised using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement.
The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any indication exists, an impairment test is performed to estimate the potential loss of value that may reduce the recoverable amount of the asset to below its carrying amount. Any impairment loss is recognised within the
consolidated income statement
 by the amount which the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. Useful lives and residual amounts are reviewed annually and adjustments are made prospectively as required.
For property, plant and equipment, the Group assesses annually whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses no longer exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, a previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised and only up to the recoverable amount or the original carrying amount net of depreciation that would have been incurred had no impairment losses been recognised.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
116
The following table summarises the movement in net book value for property, plant and equipment for the periods presented:

Land

Building and improvements

Machinery, equipment and containers

Cold drink equipment

Vehicle fleet

Furniture
and office equipment

Assets under construction

Total

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
Cost:

As at 31 December 2016

324

1,512

2,350

1,186

124

165

125

5,786
Additions

1

38

155

168

8

18

129

517
Disposals

(3
)

(8
)

(116
)

(82
)

(2
)

(13
)

—

(224
)
Transfers and reclassifications

—

5

68

(1
)

1

1

(74
)

—
Currency translation adjustments

(5
)

(16
)

(24
)

(20
)

(1
)

(6
)

—

(72
)
Acquisition accounting adjustments and reclassifications
(A)

(5
)

(78
)

(5
)

(48
)

(12
)

12

—

(136
)
As at 31 December 2017

312

1,453

2,428

1,203

118

177

180

5,871
Additions

9

30

129

104

12

14

242

540
Disposals

(3
)

(10
)

(73
)

(87
)

(1
)

(12
)

—

(186
)
Transfers and reclassifications

—

22

57

1

—

3

(83
)

—
Currency translation adjustments

(1
)

(7
)

(8
)

(7
)

—

1

—

(22
)
As at 31 December 2018

317

1,488

2,533

1,214

129

183

339

6,203
Accumulated depreciation:

As at 31 December 2016

—

(363
)

(690
)

(598
)

(49
)

(93
)

—

(1,793
)
Depreciation expense

—

(64
)

(223
)

(119
)

(17
)

(20
)

—

(443
)
Disposals

—

3

85

75

2

12

—

177
Currency translation adjustments

—

6

12

13

1

6

—

38
Acquisition accounting adjustments and reclassifications
(A)

—

6

(4
)

(3
)

(4
)

(8
)

—

(13
)
As at 31 December 2017

—

(412
)

(820
)

(632
)

(67
)

(103
)

—

(2,034
)
Depreciation expense

—

(60
)

(232
)

(127
)

(18
)

(24
)

—

(461
)
Disposals

—

2

70

85

1

12

—

170
Currency translation adjustments

—

3

4

4

—

(1
)

—

10
As at 31 December 2018

—

(467
)

(978
)

(670
)

(84
)

(116
)

—

(2,315
)
Net book value:

As at 31 December 2016

324

1,149

1,660

588

75

72

125

3,993
As at 31 December 2017

312

1,041

1,608

571

51

74

180

3,837
As at 31 December 2018

317

1,021

1,555

544

45

67

339

3,888
(A)
The fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired as part of the Merger were provisional as at 31 December 2016 due to the complexity of the acquired businesses. During 2017, the Group finalised the valuation process and adjustments were recorded based on new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the date of Merger. Management concluded that the changes in the fair values from the provisional amounts disclosed in the 2016 consolidated financial statements were not material to the Group’s 2016 consolidated financial statements taken as whole. In addition, certain reclassifications between cost and accumulated depreciation were made.
Finance leases included in property, plant and equipment primarily relate to buildings, machinery and equipment, vehicle fleet assets and office equipment. The net book value of buildings held under finance leases was €
18 million
 and €
20 million
 as at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively. The net book value of machinery and equipment held under finance leases was
€6 million
 and
€8 million
 as at

31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively. The net book value of vehicle fleet held under finance leases was
€39 million
 and
€43 million
 as at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively. The net book value of furniture and office equipment held under finance leases was
€3 million
 and
€7 million
 as at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively. Depreciation expense on assets held under finance leases was
€16 million
,
€25 million
 and
€13 million
 for the years ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
, respectively. Assets held under finance leases have been pledged as security in relation to the liabilities under the finance leases. Some lease agreements include renewal or purchase options or escalation clauses.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
117
Note 6

INVENTORIES
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value and cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventories consist of raw materials, supplies (primarily including concentrate, other ingredients and packaging) and finished goods, which also include direct labour, indirect production and overhead costs. Cost includes all costs incurred to bring inventories to their present location and condition. Spare parts are recorded as assets at the time of purchase and are expensed as utilised. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs necessary to complete and sell the inventory.
The following table summarises the inventory outstanding in the
consolidated statement of financial position
 as at the dates presented:
31 December 2018
31 December 2017
€ million

€ million
Finished goods
378
324
Raw materials and supplies
234
223
Spare parts
81
103
Total inventories
693
650
Write downs of inventories to net realisable value totalled
€23 million
 and
€25 million
 during the years ended
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively, which were included within cost of sales. None of the write downs were subsequently reversed.
Note 7

TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
The Group sells its products to retailers, wholesalers and other customers and extends credit, generally without requiring collateral, based on an evaluation of the customer’s financial condition. While the Group has a concentration of credit risk in the retail sector, this risk is mitigated due to the diverse nature of the customers the Group serves, including, but not limited to, their type, geographic location, size and beverage channel. Collections of receivables are dependent on each individual customer’s financial condition and sales adjustments granted after the statement of financial position date.
Trade accounts receivable are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost less provision for impairment.   Typically, accounts receivable have terms of
30
 to
60
 days and do not bear interest. With the adoption of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018, the Group adopted an expected credit loss reserve methodology which had an insignificant effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 1 for further details on the adoption of IFRS 9. Balances are considered for impairment on an individual basis rather than by reference to the extent that they become overdue. The Group considers factors such as delinquency in payment, financial difficulties, payment history of the debtor as well as certain forward-looking macroeconomic indicators. The carrying amount of trade accounts receivable is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the amount of the loss is recognised in the
consolidated income statement
. Credit insurance on a portion of the accounts receivable balance is also carried. Refer to
Note 22
 for further details on credit risk management.
The following table summarises the trade accounts receivable outstanding in the
consolidated statement of financial position
 as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Trade accounts receivable, gross

1,671

1,746
Allowance for doubtful accounts

(16
)

(14
)
Total trade accounts receivable

1,655

1,732
The following table summarises the aging of trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts in the
consolidated statement of financial position
 as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Not past due

1,483

1,561
Past due 1 - 30 days

112

93
Past due 31 - 60 days

8

44
Past due 61 - 90 days

11

8
Past due 91 - 120 days

11

10
Past due 121+ days

30

16
Total

1,655

1,732
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
118
The following table summarises the change in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the periods presented:

Allowance for doubtful accounts

€ million
As at 31 December 2016

(14
)
Provision for impairment recognised during the year

(4
)
Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible

4
As at 31 December 2017

(14
)
Provision for impairment recognised during the year

(4
)
Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible

2
As at 31 December 2018

(16
)
Note 8

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents include cash and short-term, highly liquid investments with maturity dates of less than three months when acquired that are readily convertible to cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Counterparties and instruments used to hold the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are continually assessed, with a focus on preservation of capital and liquidity. Bank overdrafts are classified as current portion of borrowings in the
consolidated statement of financial position
.
The following table summarises the cash and cash equivalents outstanding in the
consolidated statement of financial position
 as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Cash at banks and on hand

279

304
Short-term deposits and securities

30

56
Total cash and cash equivalents

309

360
Cash and cash equivalents are held in the following currencies as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Euro

185

248
US dollar

6

27
British pound

33

30
Norwegian krone

26

34
Swedish krona

44

8
Other

15

13
Total cash and cash equivalents

309

360
There are no material restrictions on the Group’s cash and cash equivalents.
Note 9

FAIR VALUES
Fair value measurements
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy. This is described, as one of the following, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
•
Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
•
Level 2 - Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1. The Group values assets and liabilities included in this level using dealer and broker quotations, certain pricing models, bid prices, quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.
•
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.
The fair values of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, amounts receivable from related parties, trade and other payables and amounts payable to related parties approximate their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
119
The fair values of the Group’s borrowings are estimated based on borrowings with similar maturities and credit quality and current market interest rates. These are categorised within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as the Group uses certain pricing models and quoted prices for similar liabilities in active markets in assessing their fair values. Refer to
Note 11
 for further details regarding the Group’s borrowings.
The following table summarises the book value and fair value of the Group’s borrowings as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Fair value of borrowings

5,739

5,953
Book value of borrowings (Note 11)

5,618

5,748
The Group’s derivative assets and liabilities are carried at fair value, which is determined using a variety of valuation techniques, depending on the specific characteristics of the hedging instrument, taking into account credit risk. The fair value of its derivative contracts (including forwards, options, cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps) are determined using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these models are readily available in public markets or can be derived from observable market transactions and, therefore, the derivative contracts have been classified as Level 2. Inputs used in these standard valuation models include the applicable spot, forward and discount rates. The standard valuation model for the option contracts also includes implied volatility, which is specific to individual options and is based on rates quoted from a widely used third party resource. Refer to
Note 10
 for further details about the Group’s derivatives.
The following table summarises the fair value of the assets and liabilities as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Assets at fair value:

Derivatives (Note 10)

15

22
Liabilities at fair value:

Derivatives (Note 10)

71

94
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation at the end of each reporting period. There have been no transfers between levels during the periods presented.
Note 10

HEDGING ACTIVITIES
Derivative financial instruments
The Group utilises derivative financial instruments to mitigate its exposure to certain market risks associated with its ongoing operations. The primary risks that it seeks to manage through the use of derivative financial instruments include currency exchange risk, commodity price risk and interest rate risk. All derivative financial instrument assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value on the
consolidated statement of financial position
. The Group does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes and all hedge ratios are on a 1:1 basis. At the inception of a hedge transaction the Group documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. This process includes linking the derivative financial instrument designated as a hedging instrument to the specific asset, liability, firm commitment or forecasted transaction. Further information on the Group’s risk management strategy and objective can be found in
Note 22
. Both at the hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, the Group assesses and documents whether the derivative financial instrument used in the hedging transaction is highly effective in maintaining the risk management objective. Where critical terms match, the Group uses a qualitative assessment to ensure initial and ongoing effectiveness criteria. Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, exercised, or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. At that time, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in equity is retained in equity until the forecasted transaction occurs. If the hedged transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity is transferred to the income statement.
While certain derivative financial instruments are designated as hedging instruments, the Group also enters into derivative financial instruments that are designed to hedge a risk but are not designated as hedging instruments (referred to as an economic hedge or a non-designated hedge). The decision regarding whether or not to designate a hedge for hedge accounting is made by management considering the size, purpose and tenure of the hedge, as well as the anticipated ability to achieve and maintain the Group’s risk management objective. Refer to
N
ote
1
  for further details on the adoption of IFRS 9.
The Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk on all of its derivative financial instruments. It has established and maintained strict counterparty credit guidelines and enters into hedges only with financial institutions that are investment grade or better. It continuously monitors counterparty credit risk and utilises numerous counterparties to minimise its exposure to potential defaults. It does not require collateral under these agreements.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
120
The following table summarises the fair value of the assets and liabilities related to derivative financial instruments and the respective line items in which they were recorded in the
consolidated statement of financial position
 as at the dates presented. All derivative instruments are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Discussion of the Group’s other financial assets and liabilities is contained elsewhere in these financial statements. Refer to
Note 7
 for trade accounts receivable,
Note 12
 for trade and other payables,
Note 11
 for borrowings and
Note 17
 for amounts receivable and payable with related parties.

31 December 2018

31 December 2017
Hedging instrument

Location – statement of financial position

€ million

€ million
Assets:

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:

Foreign currency contracts

Non-current derivative assets

1

1
Foreign currency contracts

Current derivative assets

9

12
Commodity Contracts

Current derivative assets

3

—

Total

13

13
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:

Commodity contracts

Non-current derivative assets

1

1
Commodity contracts

Current derivative assets

1

8

Total

2

9
Total Assets

15

22
Liabilities:

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:

Foreign currency contracts

Non-current derivative liabilities

49

93
Commodity Contracts

Non-current derivative liabilities

1

—
Foreign currency contracts

Current derivative liabilities

1

—
Commodity contracts

Current derivative liabilities

17

—

Total

68

93
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:

Commodity contracts

Non-current derivative liabilities

1

—
Commodity contracts

Current derivative liabilities

2

1

Total

3

1
Total Liabilities

71

94
Cash flow hedges
The Group uses cash flow hedges to mitigate its exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to currency fluctuations and commodity price fluctuations associated with certain forecasted transactions, including purchases of raw materials, finished goods and services denominated in non-functional currencies, the receipt of interest and principal on intercompany loans denominated in non-functional currencies and the payment of interest and principal on debt issuances in non-functional currencies. Effective changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedging instruments are recognised as a component of other reserves on the
consolidated statement of financial position
. The effective changes are then recognised within the line item on the
consolidated income statement
 that is consistent with the nature of the underlying hedged item in the period that the forecasted purchases or payments impact earnings. Any changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges that are the result of ineffectiveness are recognised immediately in the line item on the
consolidated income statement
 that is consistent with the nature of the underlying hedged item. Historically, the Group has not experienced, nor does it expect to experience material hedge ineffectiveness with the value of the hedged instrument equalling that of the hedged item.
The net notional amount of outstanding currency related cash flow hedges was
€1.3 billion
 as at
31 December 2018
 and

€1.2 billion
 as at 31 December
2017
. The net notional amount of outstanding commodity related cash flow hedges was
€0.2 billion
 as at
31 December 2018
 and nil as at 31 December
2017
. Outstanding cash flow hedges as at
31 December 2018
 are expected to settle and affect profit or loss between
2019
 and
2021
.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
121
The following table summarises the Group’s outstanding cash flow hedges by risk category as at the dates presented (all contracts denominated in a foreign currency have been converted into euros using the respective year end spot rate):

Notional maturity profile

Total

Less than one year

1 to 3 years

3 to 5 years
Cash flow hedges

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
Foreign currency

1,221

236

22

963
As at 31 December 2016

1,221

236

22

963
Foreign currency

1,214

196

526

492
As at 31 December 2017

1,214

196

526

492
Foreign currency

1,255

227

1,028

—
Commodity

237

212

25

—
As at 31 December 2018

1,492

439

1,053

—
The Group recognised within other comprehensive income
€33 million
 net
gains
,
€116 million
 net
losses
 and
€44 million
 net
gains
 for the years ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
 respectively, related to changes in the fair values of outstanding cash flow hedges. The amount of ineffectiveness associated with these cash flow hedges was not material during any year presented within these financial statements.
The following table summarises the net of tax effect for cash flow hedges that settled for the periods presented within the
consolidated income statement
:

Amount of gain (loss) reclassified
from the hedging reserve into profit

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016
Cash flow hedging instruments

Location – income statement

€ million

€ million

€ million
Foreign currency contracts

Cost of sales

4

7

5
Foreign currency contracts

Selling and distribution expenses

—

—

(1
)
Foreign currency contracts
(A)

Non-operating items

43

(123
)

49
Total

47
(116
)
53
(A) The gain/(loss) recognised on these currency contracts is offset by the gain/(loss) recognised on the remeasurement of the underlying debt instruments; therefore, there is a minimal consolidated net effect in non-operating items on the
consolidated income statement
.
Non-designated hedges
The Group periodically enters into derivative instruments that are designed to hedge various risks but are not designated as hedging instruments. These hedged risks include those related to commodity price fluctuations associated with forecasted purchases of aluminium, sugar, components of PET (plastic) and vehicle fuel. At times, it also enters into other short-term non-designated hedges to mitigate its exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to currency fluctuations associated with short-term intercompany loans and certain cash equivalents denominated in non-functional currencies. Changes in the fair value of outstanding non-designated hedges are recognised each reporting period in the line item on the
consolidated income statement
 that is consistent with the nature of the hedged risk.
The notional amount of outstanding non-designated commodity hedges was
€31 million
 and
€132 million
 as at 31 December
2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively. Outstanding commodity hedges as at
31 December 2018
 are expected to settle and affect profit or loss between
2019
 and
2020
.
The notional amount of outstanding non-designated short-term foreign currency contracts associated with intercompany loans was
€57 million
 and
€59 million
 as at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively. Outstanding non-designated foreign currency hedges as at
31 December 2018
 are expected to settle and affect profit or loss during
2019
.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
122
The following table summarises the gains (losses) recognised from non-designated derivative financial instruments in the
consolidated income statement
 for the years presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016
Non-designated hedging instruments

Location – income statement

€ million

€ million

€ million
Commodity contracts

Cost of sales

1

20

8
Commodity contracts

Selling and distribution expenses

—

(2
)

10
Foreign currency contracts
(A)

Non-operating items

(4
)

13

17
Total

(3
)

31

35
(A) The gain (loss) recognised on these currency contracts is offset by the gain (loss) recognised on the remeasurement of the underlying hedged items; therefore, there is a minimal consolidated net effect in non-operating items on the
consolidated income statement
.
Net investment hedges
Prior to the Merger, the Group entered into foreign currency forwards, options and foreign currency denominated borrowings designated as net investment hedges of its foreign subsidiaries. Changes in the fair value of these hedges resulting from currency exchange rate changes are recognised as a component of other reserves on the
consolidated statement of financial position
 to offset the change in the carrying value of the net investment being hedged. Any changes in the fair value of these hedges that are the result of ineffectiveness are recognised immediately in operating profit on the
consolidated income statement
. All outstanding net investment hedges were settled prior to the Merger. Although the Group had no net investment hedges in place as at
31 December 2018
 or 31 December 2017, it continues to monitor its exposure to currency exchange rates and may enter into future net investment hedges as a result of volatility in the functional currencies of certain of its subsidiaries.
The Group recognised within other comprehensive income
€44 million
 in net
losses
 for the year
31 December 2016
 related to net investment hedges. As a result of US tax law changes, in 2017, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€27 million
 in other reserves related to the deferred gain on net investment hedges.
Note 11

BORROWINGS AND FINANCE LEASES
Borrowings
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of issuance costs incurred. After initial recognition, borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Amortisation of transaction costs, premiums and discounts is recognised as part of finance costs within the
consolidated income statement
.
Finance leases
Finance leases are recognised when the Group leases property, plant and equipment and has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. Finance leases are capitalised at the inception of the lease at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset or the present value of the minimum lease payments. Lease payments are apportioned between the finance costs and the reduction of the remaining liability. The finance costs are allocated to each period so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Property, plant and equipment acquired in connection with a finance lease is depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease term. The Group’s interests in assets acquired under finance leases are included in property, plant and equipment and primarily relate to buildings, machinery and equipment, vehicle fleet assets and office equipment. Amortisation of finance lease assets is included in depreciation expense and recorded in the
consolidated income statement
 in the line item consistent with the nature of the leased item.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
123
Borrowings outstanding
The following table summarises the carrying value of the Group’s borrowings as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Non-current:

€350 million 2.00% Notes 2019
(A)

—

348
US$525 million 3.50% Notes 2020

456

436
US$250 million 3.25% Notes 2021

216

206
US$300 million 4.50% Notes 2021

261

249
€350 million Floating Rate Note 2021
(B)

350

351
€700 million 0.75% Notes 2022
(C)

697

697
€350 million 2.63% Notes 2023

348

348
€500 million 1.13% Notes 2024
(C)

495

495
€350 million 2.38% Notes 2025

346

347
€250 million 2.75% Notes 2026

248

248
€500 million 1.75% Notes 2028
(C)

493

492
€400 million 1.50% Notes 2027
(D)

395

—
€500 million 1.88% Notes 2030

495

496
Term loan 2018-2021
(E)

274

698
Finance lease obligations
(F)

53

63
Total non-current borrowings

5,127

5,474
Current:

€350 million 2.00% Notes 2019
(A)

349

—
EUR commercial paper
(G)

120

250
Finance lease obligations
(F)

22

24
Total current borrowings

491

274
(A)
In December 2018, the
€350 million

2.0%
 Notes due 2019 were reclassified from non-current to current borrowings.
(B)
In November 2017, the Group issued
€350 million
 floating-rate notes due 2021.
(C)
To finance the return of capital to CCE shareholders in connection with the Merger, the Group issued
€2.2 billion
 Eurobond notes due between
November 2017 and May 2028
. In December 2017,
€500 million
 floating-rate notes matured and were paid in full.
(D)
In November 2018, the Group issued
€400 million
,
1.50%
 interest rate notes due 2027.
(E)
To finance the return of capital to CCE shareholders in connection with the Merger, the Group obtained a
€1.0 billion
,
floating rate
 bank term loan with annual payments due each May beginning in
2018
 until
2021
. In September 2017,
€200 million
 of the term loan due in
2018
 and
€100 million
 of the term loan due in
2021
 were repaid prior to maturity. In July 2018,
€100 million
 due in 2019 were repaid prior to maturity. In September 2018,
€100 million
 due in 2019 and
€50 million
 due in 2020 were repaid prior to maturity. In November 2018,
€100 million
 due in 2020 were repaid prior to maturity. In December 2018,
€75 million
 due in 2020 were repaid prior to maturity. As at 31 December 2018,
€275 million
 of the term loan remains outstanding with annual repayments due between 2020 and 2021.
(F)
These amounts represent the present values of the Group’s minimum finance lease obligations.
(G)
As of 31 December 2018, the Group had
€120 million
 of euro denominated commercial paper outstanding, due January 2019.
Borrowings are stated net of unamortised financing fees of
€24 million
 and
€19 million
, as at
31 December 2018
 and 31 December
2017
, respectively.
Credit facilities
The Group has amounts available for borrowing under a
€1.5 billion
 multicurrency credit facility with a syndicate of
ten
 banks. This credit facility matures in
2023
 and is for general corporate purposes and supporting the Group’s working capital needs. Based on information currently available, there is no indication that the financial institutions participating in this facility would be unable to fulfil their commitments to the Group as at the date of this report. The Group’s current credit facility contains no financial covenants that would impact its liquidity or access to capital. As at
31 December 2018
, the Group had
no
 amounts drawn under this credit facility.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
124
Finance lease maturities
The following table summarises the maturity of the Group’s finance lease obligations as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017
Finance lease maturities

€ million

€ million
Within one year

22

24
After one year but not more than five years

39

46
More than five years

22

26
Total minimum lease payments

83
96
Amounts representing interest
(A)

(8
)

(9
)
Present value of minimum lease payments

75
87
(A)
Amounts representing interest related to finance lease commitments are not significant for any of the individual time periods presented above.
Cash flows from financing activities
The following table provides a reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities:

Current portion of borrowings

Borrowings, less current portion

Total

€ million

€ million

€ million
As at 31 December 2016

875

5,562

6,437
Changes from financing cash flows

       Proceeds from third party borrowings, net of issuance costs

—
—
350

350
       Changes in short-term borrowings

250

—

250
       Repayments on third party borrowings

(850
)
—
(310
)

(1,160
)
       Repayments on third party borrowings; finance leases

(1
)

(19
)

(20
)
       Capitalised discount/premium

—

2

2
Other non-cash changes

       Amortisation of discount, premium and issue costs

—

8

8
       Finance lease additions and other

—

5

5
       Currency translation

—

(124
)

(124
)
Total changes

(601
)

(88
)

(689
)
As at 31 December 2017

274

5,474

5,748
Changes from financing cash flows

       Proceeds from third party borrowings, net of issuance costs

—
—
398

398
       Changes in short-term borrowings

(131
)

—

(131
)
       Repayments on third party borrowings

—
—
(426
)

(426
)
       Repayments on third party borrowings; finance leases

(18
)

—

(18
)
       Capitalised discount/premium

—
—
(2
)

(2
)
       Other financing activities

—

(8
)

(8
)
Other non-cash changes

       Amortisation of discount, premium and issue costs

—

8

8
       Finance lease additions and other

1

5

6
       Currency translation

1

42

43
       Reclassifications

364

(364
)

—
Total changes

217

(347
)

(130
)
As at 31 December 2018

491

5,127

5,618
Cash flows from financing activities includes
€34 million
,
€36 million
 and
€17 million
 of cash received related to income on a cross currency swap for the years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
125
Note 12

TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year, which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within
12 months
 after the reporting period. Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled between
30
 to
60
 days.
The Group participates in various programmes and arrangements with customers designed to increase the sale of our products. The costs of these programmes are recorded as deductions from revenue. Among the programmes are arrangements under which allowances can be earned by customers for attaining agreed upon sales levels or for participating in specific marketing programmes. When these allowances are paid in arrears, the Group accrues the estimated amount to be paid based upon historical customer experience, the programme’s contractual terms, expected customer performance and/or estimated sales volume. The costs of these off-invoice arrangements totalled
€3.0 billion
,
€2.9 billion
 and
€2.5 billion
 for
2018
,
2017
 and
2016
, respectively. The increase in 2017 versus 2016 is due to the inclusion of Germany and Iberia for the full year as a result of the Merger.
The following table summarises trade and other payables as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Trade accounts payable

1,105

1,057
Accrued customer marketing costs

753

648
Accrued deposits

282

266
Accrued compensation and benefits

269

249
Accrued taxes

273

167
Other accrued expenses

146

146
Total trade and other payables

2,828

2,533
Note 13

POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
The cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit method with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period. All remeasurements of the defined benefit obligation, such as actuarial gains and losses and return on plan assets, are recognised directly in other comprehensive income. Remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income are reflected immediately in retained earnings and are not reclassified to profit or loss. Service costs are presented within cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses in the
consolidated income statement
. Past service costs are recognised immediately within cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses in the
consolidated income statement
. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. Net interest cost is presented within finance costs or finance income, as applicable, in the
consolidated income statement
. The defined benefit obligation recognised in the
consolidated statement of financial position
 represents the present value of the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high quality corporate or government bonds, depending on whether or not there is a deep market for corporate bonds in the relevant country, which have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related liability. For termination benefits the Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits and (b) when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of IAS 37, “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” and involves the payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Termination benefits are payable whenever an employee’s employment is terminated before the normal retirement date or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for those benefits.
The following table summarises non-current employee benefit liabilities as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Retirement benefit obligation
89

95
Other employee benefit liabilities
53

67
Total non-current employee benefit liabilities
142

162
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
126
Defined benefit plans
The Group sponsors a number of defined benefit pension plans in Belgium, France, Germany, Great Britain, Luxembourg and Norway, of which the Great Britain plan (GB Scheme) and Germany plans (Pension Plan 1 and Pension Plan 2) are the most significant.
The GB Scheme’s defined benefit obligation includes benefits for current employees, former employees and current pensioners. The level of benefits provided (funded final salary pension) depends on the member’s length of service and salary at retirement age. Part of the pension may be exchanged for a tax free cash lump sum. The GB Scheme was closed to new members with effect from 1 October 2005 and is administered by a separate board of trustees, which is legally separate from the Group. The board of trustees are composed of representatives of both the employer and employees. The trustees are required by law to act in the interest of all relevant beneficiaries and are responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets plus the day to day administration of the benefits.
A full actuarial valuation of the GB Scheme occurs on a triennial basis by a qualified external actuary. The latest triennial valuation was carried out as at 5 April 2016 and has been updated to
31 December 2018
. The Group’s contributions are determined on the basis of the triennial valuations.
Germany’s defined benefit pension plans are open to existing members but closed to new entrants. The defined benefit obligation includes benefits for current employees, former employees and current pensioners. Pension Plan 1 has elements of a final salary pension for past service and a career average formula for new accruals. It is funded through a support fund administered by an insurance company. Pension Plan 2 is administered by the Group with the plan being covered by a Contractual Trust Arrangement (CTA) and a single reinsurance contract. The Company is responsible for paying obligations. There is no external board of trustees. The insurer shares some responsibility for plan assets, investment policy and administration. The latest annual valuation for these plans was performed as at
31 December 2017
 and has been updated to
31 December 2018
.
Risks
The Group’s defined benefit pension schemes expose the Group to a number of risks, including:
•
Asset volatility - the plan liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with reference to corporate bond yields; if assets underperform this yield, a deficit would occur. Some of our plans hold a significant proportion of growth assets (equities and property) which, though expected to outperform corporate bonds in the long term, create volatility and risk in the short term. The allocation to growth assets is monitored to ensure it remains appropriate given each scheme’s long-term objectives.
•
Changes in bond yields - a decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the defined benefit liability, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the value of the plan’s bond holdings.
•
Inflation risk - a significant proportion of our benefit obligations are linked to inflation and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities (although, in most cases, caps on the level of inflationary increases are in place to protect against extreme inflation). The majority of the assets are either unaffected by or only loosely correlated with inflation, meaning that an increase in inflation will also increase the deficit.
•
Life expectancy - the majority of our plans have an obligation to provide benefits for the life of the member, so increases in life expectancy will result in an increase in the defined benefit liabilities.
Benefit costs
The following table summarises the expense related to pension plans recognised in the
consolidated income statement
 for the years presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Service cost

52

53

49
Past service cost

—

(3
)

—
Net interest cost (income)

1

3

2
Administrative expenses

2

2

2
Total cost

55

55

53
Other comprehensive income
The following table summarises the changes in other comprehensive income related to our pension plans for the years presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Actuarial (gain)/loss on defined benefit obligation arising during the period

(120
)

30

248
Return on plan assets (greater)/less than discount rate

118

(121
)

(183
)
Net charge to other comprehensive income

(2
)

(91
)

65
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
127
Benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets
The following table summarises the changes in the pension plan benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for the periods presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Reconciliation of benefit obligation:

Benefit obligation at beginning of plan year

1,969

1,947
Service cost

52

53
Past service cost

—

(3
)
Interest costs on defined benefit obligation

42

43
Plan participants contribution

47

45
Actuarial loss/(gain) - experience

(5
)

5
Actuarial loss/(gain) - demographic assumptions

(35
)

—
Actuarial loss/(gain) - financial assumptions

(80
)

25
Benefit payments

(110
)

(90
)
Administrative expenses

2

2
Currency translation adjustments

(10
)

(50
)
Settlements

—

(8
)
Benefit obligation at end of plan year

1,872

1,969
Reconciliation of fair value of plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of plan year

1,898

1,779
Interest income on plan assets

41

40
Return on plan assets greater/(less)

than discount rate

(118
)

121
Plan participants contributions

47

45
Employer contributions

56

58
Benefit payments

(110
)

(90
)
Currency translation adjustment

(10
)

(48
)
Settlements

—

(7
)
Fair value of plan assets at end of plan year

1,804

1,898
Timing of benefit payments
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit plan obligation as at
31 December 2018
 is
21
 years, out of which the GB Scheme represents
23
 years and Germany plans represent
15
 years.
Retirement benefit status
The following table summarises the retirement benefit status of pension plans as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Net benefit status:

Present value of obligation

(1,872
)

(1,969
)
Fair value of assets

1,804

1,898
Net benefit status:

(68
)

(71
)
Retirement benefit surplus

21

24
Retirement benefit obligation

(89
)

(95
)
The GB scheme and Germany plans approximately represented
70.5%
 and
18.5%
 of the present value of the obligation and
73.0%
 and
19.0%
 of the fair value of assets as at 31 December 2018, respectively.
The surplus for 2018 and 2017, which is primarily related to Germany Pension Plan 2, is recognised on the balance sheet on the basis that the Group is entitled to a refund of any remaining assets once all members have left the plan. Refer to Note 21.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
128
Actuarial assumptions
The following tables summarise the weighted average actuarial assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations of pension plans as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018
31 December 2017
Financial assumptions
%
%
Discount rate
2.5
2.3
Rate of compensation increase
3.1
3.1
Rate of price inflation
2.9
2.9
Demographic assumptions (weighted average)
(A)

31 December 2018

31 December 2017
Retiring at the end of the reporting period

Male

21.3

21.4
Female

23.9

24.3
Retiring 15 years after the end of the reporting period

Male

22.3

22.7
Female

25.0

25.6
(A)
These assumptions translate into an average life expectancy in years, post retirement, for an employee retiring at age
65
.
The following table summarises the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the weighted average principal assumptions for the periods presented:

Change in assumption

Impact on defined benefit obligation (%)

        Increase in assumption

        Decrease in assumption
Principal assumptions

2018

2017

2018

2017
Discount rate
0.5
%

(8.6
)

(9.1
)

9.8

10.6
Rate of compensation increase
0.5
%

2.4

2.6

(2.2
)

(2.4
)
Rate of price inflation
0.5
%

8.1

8.9

(6.6
)

(7.8
)
Mortality rates
1 year

2.9

2.5

(3.0
)

(2.4
)
The sensitivity analyses have been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity analyses are based on a change in a significant assumption, keeping all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analyses may not be representative of an actual change in the defined benefit obligation as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another.
Pension plan assets
The Group has established formal investment policies for the assets associated with the pension plans. Policy objectives include                (1) maximising long-term return at acceptable risk levels; (2) diversifying among asset classes, if appropriate, and among investment managers; and (3) establishing relevant risk parameters within each asset class. Investment policies reflect the unique circumstances of the respective plans and include requirements designed to mitigate risk, including quality and diversification standards. Asset allocation targets are based on periodic asset liability and/or risk budgeting study results, which help determine the appropriate investment strategies for acceptable risk levels. The investment policies permit variances from the targets within certain parameters.

Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
129
The following tables summarise pension plan assets measured at fair value as at the dates presented:

Total
31 December 2018

Investments quoted in active markets

Unquoted investments

€ million

€ million

€ million
Equity securities:
(A)

US equities

201

201

—
Non-US equities

626

626

—
Fixed-income securities:
(B)

Corporate bonds and notes

67

43

24
Government bonds

384

384

—
Cash and other short-term investments
(C)

7

7

—
Other investments:

Real estate funds
(D)

293

27

266
Insurance contracts
(E)

226

—

226

1,804

1,288

516

Total
31 December 2017

Investments quoted in active markets

Unquoted investments

€ million

€ million

€ million
Equity securities:
(A)

US equities

226

226

—
Non-US equities

749

693

56
Fixed-income securities:
(B)

Corporate bonds and notes

60

34

26
Government bonds

409

387

22
Cash and other short-term investments
(C)

10

5

5
Other investments:

Real estate funds
(D)

226

14

212
Insurance contracts
(E)

218

—

218

1,898

1,359

539
(A)
Equity securities are comprised of the following investment types: (1) ordinary shares; (2) preference shares; and (3) common trust funds and collective funds. Investments in ordinary and preference shares are valued using quoted market prices multiplied by the number of shares owned. Investments in common trust funds and collective funds are valued at the net asset value per share, which is calculated based on the underlying quoted investments market price, multiplied by the number of shares held as of the measurement date.
(B)
Investments other than those held in common trust funds and collective funds are valued utilising a market approach. The value of such assets is primarily sourced from broker quotes in active markets. Bonds are held mainly in the currency of the geography of the plan.
(C)
Cash and other short-term investments are valued at €
1.00
/unit, which approximates fair value. Amounts are generally invested in cash, actively managed common trust funds or interest bearing accounts.
(D)
Real estate funds, mainly related to the GB Scheme, are valued at the net asset value per share. For quoted funds, the calculation is based on the underlying quoted investments market price, multiplied by the number of shares held as of the measurement date. For unquoted funds, this is calculated using the most recent partnership financial reports, adjusted, as appropriate, for any lag between the date of the financial reports and the measurement date (as of
31 December 2018
, it is not probable that these investments will be sold at an amount other than net asset value).
(E)
Insurance contracts exactly match the amount and timing of certain benefits, therefore the fair value of these insurance policies is deemed to be the present value of the related obligations. The significant majority of these are reinsurance contracts relating to benefit arrangements in Germany.
Contributions
Contributions to pension plans totalled
€56 million
,
€58 million
 and
€78 million
 during the years ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
, respectively. During 2016, in order to improve the funded status of the plan, the Group and the board of trustees of the GB Scheme agreed to additional future funding levels in the total amount of approximately
£13 million
  for each year until 2024, subject to the triennial valuation. The Group expects to make contributions of
€54 million
 for the full year ending
31 December 2019
 in line with the agreed funding plan.
Other employee benefit liabilities
In Germany, the Group also has an early retirement programme designed to create an incentive for employees, within a certain age group, to transition from (full or part time) employment into retirement before their legal retirement age. Furthermore, the Group also sponsors deferred compensation plans in other territories. The current portion of these liabilities totalled
€19 million
 and
€21 million
 as at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively and is included within the current portion of employee benefit liabilities on the
consolidated statement of financial position
. The non-current portion of these liabilities totalled
€53 million
 and
€67 million
 as at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
 and is included within employee benefit liabilities on the
consolidated statement of financial position
.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
130
Defined contribution plans
The Group sponsors qualified defined contribution plans covering substantially all of our employees in Iceland, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and certain employees in Great Britain. Contributions payable for the period are charged to the
consolidated income statement
 as an operating expense for defined contribution plans. Contributions to these plans totalled
€27 million
,
€25 million
 and
€24 million
 during the
year ended 31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and 31 December
2016
, respectively.
Note 14

EQUITY
Share capital
As at
31 December 2018
, the Company has issued and fully paid
474,920,066
 ordinary shares with a nominal value of
€0.01
 per share. Shares in issue have one voting right each and no restrictions related to dividends or return of capital.

Number of shares

Share Capital

millions

€ million
As at 1 January 2016

227

3
Shares utilised for share-based payments prior to Merger

1

—
Cancellation of CCE shares

(228
)

(3
)
Issuance of CCEP shares in consideration for CCIP and CCEG

254

3
Group reconstruction transaction

228

2
Issuances of shares post-Merger

1

—
As at 31 December 2016

483

5
Issuance of shares

2

—
As at 31 December 2017

485

5
Issuance of shares

3

—
Cancellation of shares

(13
)

—
As at 31 December 2018

475

5
Immediately prior to the Merger on
28 May 2016
, there were
228,244,244
 shares of
US$0.01
 par value of CCE shares issued and fully paid, which included net issuances of
908,456
 related to share-based payment awards from
1 January 2016
 through
27 May 2016
. In connection with the Merger, all CCE shares were cancelled and replaced with shares of the Company. Additionally, the Company issued
166,128,987
 shares to Olive Partners and
87,950,640
 shares to European Refreshments (ER), Coca-Cola GmbH and Vivaqa Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG as consideration to acquire their bottling operations. Subsequent to the Merger, those of the
87,950,640
 shares held by Coca-Cola GmbH and Vivaqa Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG were transferred to ER. Furthermore in 2016, the Group issued an additional
752,525
 shares related to share-based payment awards post-Merger.
The share capital increased in 2017 from the issue of
1,510,032
 shares following the exercise of share-based payment awards.
In connection with the share buyback programme that commenced in 2018,
12,429,600
 shares were cancelled. Also in
2018
,
2,763,238
 shares were issued related to share-based payment awards.
As at
31 December 2018
,
2017
 and
2016
, the number of shares issued and fully paid was
474,920,066
,
484,586,428
 and
483,076,396
 respectively.
Share premium
Under the Companies Act 2006, the amount reflected in share premium for a group reconstruction is equal to the total consideration transferred in excess of nominal value for the accounting acquirer. As all shares of CCE were cancelled and replaced with shares in the Company,
€7.6 billion
 was recorded to the share premium account representing the excess over nominal value of
€0.01
 for the
228,244,244
 shares issued to CCE shareholders on
28 May 2016
 based on the adjusted closing price of CCE shares of
€33.33
 at the time of the Merger. As CCE was deemed to be the accounting acquirer, its net assets remain at book value, therefore, the Group recorded a corresponding reduction to merger reserves for this amount. Furthermore, on 22 June 2016, the Company received approval from the UK High Court of Justice to convert
€7.5 billion
 of its undistributable profits into distributable profits. This resulted in a reduction to the share premium account of
€7.5 billion
 and a corresponding increase to retained earnings. The share premium account increased by cash received for the exercise of options after the Merger by
€25 million
 for
31 December 2018
,
€13 million
 for
31 December 2017
 and
€9 million
 for
31 December 2016
, respectively.
Merger reserves
The consideration transferred to acquire CCIP and CCEG qualified for merger relief under the UK Companies Act of 2006. As such, the excess consideration transferred over nominal value was required to be excluded from the share premium account and recorded to merger reserves. The cumulative balance of
€8.5 billion
 includes the consideration transferred in excess of nominal value of
€0.01
 for CCIP and CCEG of
€5.5 billion
 and
€2.9 billion
, respectively.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
131
Return of capital to CCE shareholders
The return of capital to CCE shareholders in connection with the Merger was in the form of a cash payment of
€3.0 billion
, with a corresponding reduction in retained earnings.
Treasury shares
As part of the Merger agreement, the
128,993,430
 remaining shares held in treasury on the acquisition date, with a total cost of
€3.3 billion
, were cancelled in 2016.
Share buyback programme
On 12 September 2018, the Company announced a share buyback programme of up to €
1.5 billion
. The maximum number of shares authorised for repurchase at the Company’s 2018 Annual General Meeting was
48,507,819
. The Company entered into agreements to purchase €
500 million
 of its own shares as part of this share buyback programme through to
31 December 2018
.
For the
year ended 31 December 2018
,
12,429,600
 shares were repurchased by the Company and cancelled. The total cost of the repurchased shares of €
502 million
, including €
2 million
 of directly attributable tax costs, was deducted from retained earnings. As a result of the cancellation, €
0.1 million
 was transferred from share capital to a capital redemption reserve (disclosed within other reserves), representing the nominal value of the shares cancelled.
Other reserves
The following table outlines the balances in other reserves (net of tax) as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Cash flow hedge reserve

(26
)

(12
)

(12
)
Net investment hedge reserve

197

197

170
Foreign currency translation adjustment reserve

(723
)

(688
)

(577
)
Total other reserves

(552
)

(503
)

(419
)
Movements, including the tax effects, in these accounts through
31 December 2018
 are included within the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income
.
Dividends
Dividends are recorded within the Group’s
consolidated financial statements
 in the period in which they are paid.

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Quarter 1 dividend for 2018: €0.26 per share (2017: €0.17 per share, 2016: $0.30 per share)

126

82

61
Quarter 2 dividend for 2018: €0.26 per share (2017: two payments for €0.21 per share, 2016: $0.30 per share)

126

204

61
Quarter 3 dividend for 2018: €0.26 per share (2017: €0.21 per share, 2016: none)

127

102

—
Quarter 4 dividend for 2018: €0.28 per share (2017: €0.21 per share, 2016: €0.17 per share)

134

101

82
Total dividend on ordinary shares paid

513

489

204
Additionally, €
2 million
, €
2 million
 and €
1 million
 were accrued as dividends in relation to restricted stock units and performance share units in
2018
,
2017
 and
2016
, respectively.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
132
Note 15

TOTAL OPERATING COSTS
The following table outlines the significant cost items by nature within operating costs for the years presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Cost of inventory recognised as an expense

4,901

5,021

4,194
Write-down of inventories (Note 6)

23

25

28
Employee costs
(A)

1,768

1,719

1,411
Distribution costs

637

595

514
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, excluding restructuring

446

426

321
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 4)

51

47

39
Out of period mark-to-market effects on undesignated derivatives

8

(6
)

(35
)
Merger related costs

—

4

126
Restructuring charges, including accelerated depreciation
(B)

274

235

286

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016
(A) Employee Costs

€ million

€ million

€ million
Wages and salaries

1,360

1,317

1,059
Social security costs

290

290

234
Pension and other employee benefits

118

112

118
Total staff costs

1,768

1,719

1,411
Directors’ remuneration information is disclosed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report.
The average number of persons employed by the Group (including Directors) for the periods presented were as follows:

2018

2017

2016

No. in thousands

No. in thousands

No. in thousands
Commercial

7.7

7.7

6.1
Supply chain

13.1

13.5

10.8
Support functions

2.7

2.3

2.2
Total average staff employed

23.5

23.5

19.1
The average number of persons employed by the Group reflects only CCE employees from 1 January to 27 May 2016. From 28 May through to 31 December 2016, and for the full years 2017 and 2018, the average number reflects CCEP employees.

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016
(B)

Restructuring

€ million

€ million

€ million
Increase in provision for restructuring programmes (Note 20)

236

186

260
Amount of provision reversed unused (Note 20)

(23
)

(22
)

(6
)
Accelerated depreciation and
non-cash costs

22

33

24
Other cash costs
(A)

39

38

8
Total

274

235

286
(A)
Other cash costs primarily relate to professional fees, which includes consultancy costs, legal fees, and other costs associated with restructuring.
Restructuring costs charged in arriving at operating profit for the years presented include restructuring costs arising under the following programmes and initiatives:
Supply chain site closure in Iberia
In 2016, as required by a Supreme Court ruling, CCIP created a new logistics centre (COIL) in Fuenlabrada, Spain and re-employed many of the workers who had been subject to a 2014 collective dismissal process at the same location. Following subsequent discussions with employee representatives, in November 2018 a COIL shutdown agreement was signed which effected the closure of the facility.  For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group recorded a related restructuring expense of

€
112 million
, primarily related to severance costs. No further expenses are expected to be recognised.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
133
Supply chain site closure in GB
In January 2018, as part of productivity initiatives in Great Britain, the Group announced proposals to close its manufacturing site in Milton Keynes and distribution centre in Northampton during the course of 2019. Through the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group recorded expense of €
31 million
, primarily related to severance costs and accelerated depreciation. Total costs of this programme are expected to be €
40 million
, and this programme will be substantially completed by 31 December 2019.
Commercial restructuring initiatives
In 2018, commercial restructuring initiatives were announced in Iberia relating to the route to market and in Germany relating to the full service vending business. Through the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group recorded expense of €
15 million
 and €
11 million
 in Iberia and Germany respectively, primarily related to severance costs. Total costs of these programmes are expected to be €
38 million
 and €
30 million
 and these programmes will be substantially completed by 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively.
CCEP integration and synergy programme
In 2016, the Group announced several restructuring proposals to facilitate and enable the integration of CCE, CCIP and CCEG following the Merger. Restructuring activities include those related to supply chain improvements such as network optimisation, productivity initiatives, continued facility rationalisation in Germany and end to end supply chain organisational design. Restructuring plans also include transferring Germany transactional related activities to the Company’s shared service centre in Bulgaria and other central function initiatives. The Group also initiated the relocation of Atlanta based headquarters roles to Europe. In 2017, the Group announced additional restructuring proposals, including the optimisation of manufacturing, warehouse and labour productivity, cold drink operational practices and facilities, further facility rationalisation in Germany and supply chain organisational design improvements such as route to market. These proposals also include the transfer of additional activities to the Group’s shared service centre in Bulgaria and other central function initiatives. During the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017, the Group recorded total expenses related to this programme of €
50 million
 and €
215 million
, respectively. The programme was substantially completed during 2018 and total expenditure over the life of the programme was approximately €
450 million
.
Germany restructuring programme and Iberia inflight initiatives
At the time of the Merger, the Group assumed ongoing restructuring initiatives in both Germany and Iberia. In Germany, these initiatives principally related to improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the supply chain organisation. On 1 March 2016, CCEG announced its intent to close two production sites, six distribution sites and to phase out a refillable PET production line. In addition, CCEG announced its intent to restructure parts of its finance, human resources, marketing and sales departments. At the Merger date, there was approximately €
228 million
 of restructuring provisions recorded in the opening balance sheet of Germany related to this and other programmes. Subsequent to the Merger, and through the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017, the Group recorded additional expense of €
3 million
 and €
23 million
 primarily related to severance costs. This programme was substantially completed by 31 December 2017.
Auditor’s remuneration
Audit and other fees charged in the income statement concerning the statutory auditor of the
consolidated financial statements
, Ernst & Young LLP, were as follows:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ thousand

€ thousand

€ thousand
Audit of parent company and consolidated financial statements
(A)

2,401

2,383

4,932
Audit of the company’s subsidiaries

3,719

4,167

3,800
Total audit

6,120

6,550

8,732
Audit related assurance services
(B)

976

1,187

1,512
Other assurance services

101

115

138
Total audit and audit-related assurance services

7,197

7,852

10,382
Taxation advisory services
(C)

—

—

508
All other services
(D)

1,180

90

3
Total non-audit or non-audit-related assurance services

1,180

90

511
Total audit and all other fees

8,377

7,942

10,893
(A)
Fees in respect of the audit of the accounts of CCEP plc (and its predecessor CCE, Inc.), including the Group's
consolidated financial statements
.
(B)
Includes professional fees for interim reviews, reporting on internal financial controls, services related to the transaction entered into with CCE, TCCC, CCIP and CCEG, IFRS advisory services, issuance of comfort letters for debt issuances, certain accounting consultations and other attest engagements.
(C)
Includes fees for tax advisory services related to tax advice provided in conjunction with the Merger transaction and its related US tax implications and tax advisory services, including transfer pricing and VAT advisory work, in the Company’s subsidiaries.
(D)
Represents fees for all other allowable services.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
134
Note 16

FINANCE COSTS
Finance costs are recognised directly within the income statement in the period in which they are incurred, with the exception of general and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale. Borrowing costs are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are recognised within the
consolidated income statement
 in the period in which they are incurred based upon the effective interest rate method. Interest income is recognised using the effective interest rate method.
The following table summarises net finance costs for the years presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Interest income
(A)

47

48

31
Interest expense on external debt
(A)

(134
)

(141
)

(145
)
Other finance costs
(B)

(6
)

(7
)

(9
)
Total finance costs

(140
)

(148
)

(154
)
Total finance costs, net

(93
)

(100
)

(123
)
(A)
Includes interest income and expense amounts, as applicable, on cross currency swaps used to hedge USD debt. Interest swap income amounts to
€34 million
,
€36 million
 and
€23 million
 for
2018
,
2017
 and
2016
, respectively. Refer to
Note 10
 for further details.
(B)
Other finance costs principally include amortisation of the discount on external debt and interest expense on finance leases.
Note 17

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, transactions with related parties mainly comprise transactions between subsidiaries of the Group and the related parties of the Group.
Transactions with TCCC
TCCC exhibits significant influence over the Group, as defined by IAS 24, “Related Party Disclosures”. As at 31 December
2018
,
18.5%
 of the total outstanding shares in the Group were owned by European Refreshments, a wholly owned subsidiary of TCCC. The Group is a key bottler of TCCC products and has entered into bottling agreements with TCCC to make, sell and distribute products of TCCC within the Group’s territories. The Group purchases concentrate from TCCC and also receives marketing funding to help promote the sale of TCCC products. Bottling agreements with TCCC for each of the Group’s territories extend through
28 May 2026
, with terms of
10
 years, with each containing the right for the Group to request a
10
 year renewal. Additionally,
two
 of the Group’s
17
 Directors are nominated by TCCC.
The Group and TCCC engage in a variety of marketing programmes to promote the sale of TCCC products in territories in which the Group operates. The Group and TCCC operate under an incidence based concentrate pricing model and funding programme, the terms of which are tied to the terms of our bottling agreements.
TCCC makes discretionary marketing contributions under shared marketing agreements to CCEP’s operating subsidiaries. Amounts to be paid to the Group by TCCC under the programmes are generally determined annually and are periodically reassessed as the programmes progress. Under the bottling agreements, TCCC is under no obligation to participate in the programmes or continue past levels of funding in the future. The amounts paid and terms of similar programmes with other franchises may differ.
Marketing support funding programmes granted to the Group provide financial support principally based on product sales or upon the completion of stated requirements and are intended to offset a portion of the costs of the programmes.
Payments from TCCC for marketing programmes to promote the sale of products are classified as a reduction in cost of sales, unless the presumption that the payment is a reduction in the price of the franchisors’ products can be overcome. Payments for marketing programmes are recognised as product is sold.
The following table summarises the transactions with TCCC that directly impacted the
consolidated income statement
 for the years presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Amounts affecting revenue
(A)

59

61

44
Amounts affecting cost of sales
(B)

(2,860
)

(2,829
)

(2,227
)
Amounts affecting operating expenses
(C)

(18
)

(1
)

1
Total net amount affecting the consolidated income statement

(2,819
)

(2,769
)

(2,182
)
(A) Amounts principally relate to fountain syrup and packaged product sales.
(B) Amounts principally relate to the purchase of concentrate, syrup, mineral water and juice, as well as funding for marketing programmes.
(C) Amounts principally relate to certain costs associated with new product development initiatives.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
135
The following table summarises the transactions with TCCC that impacted the
consolidated statement of financial position
 for the periods presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Amounts due from TCCC

101

71
Amounts payable to TCCC

166

162
Repayment of acquired loan
At the time of the Merger, the Group assumed a non-interest bearing loan with Atlantic Industries, a subsidiary of TCCC, for the amount of €
73 million
. This loan was fully repaid prior to 31 December 2016.
Terms and conditions of transactions with TCCC
Outstanding balances on transactions with TCCC are unsecured, interest free and generally settled in cash. There have been no guarantees provided or received for any TCCC receivables or payables. Receivables from TCCC are considered to be recoverable and no expense was incurred as a result of outstanding receivables due from TCCC for the
year ended 31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
.
Transactions with Cobega companies
 Cobega S.A. (Cobega) exhibits significant influence over the Group, as defined by IAS 24, “Related Party Disclosures”. As a result of the consummation of the Merger, Cobega, who previously owned
56%
 of CCIP, indirectly owned
19.5%
 of the total outstanding shares in the Group as at
31 December 2018
 through its ownership interest in Olive Partners. Additionally,
five
 of the Group’s
17
 Directors, including the Chairman, are nominated by Olive Partners,
three
 of whom are affiliated with Cobega.
The principal transactions with Cobega are for the purchase of juice concentrate and mineral water. The following table summarises the transactions with Cobega that directly impacted the
consolidated income statement
 for the years presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Amounts affecting revenue
(A)

3

3

5
Amounts affecting cost of sales
(B)

(85
)

(80
)

(43
)
Amounts affecting operating expenses
(C)

(14
)

(16
)

(9
)
Total net amount affecting the consolidated income statement

(96
)
(93
)

(47
)
(A) Amounts principally relate to packaged product sales.
(B) Amounts principally relate to the purchase of concentrate, mineral water and packaging materials.
(C) Amounts principally relate to certain costs associated with maintenance and repair services and rent.
The following table summarises the transactions with Cobega that impacted the
consolidated statement of financial position
 for the periods presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ million

€ million
Amounts due from Cobega

6

4
Amounts payable to Cobega

25

16
There are no significant transactions with other related parties in the periods presented.
Transactions with key management personnel
Key management personnel are the members of the Board of Directors and the members of the Executive Leadership Team.

The following table summarises the total remuneration paid or accrued during the reporting period related to key management personnel:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Salaries and other short-term employee benefits
(A)

23
18
20
Post-employment benefits

1
1
1
Share-based payments

9
8
20
Termination benefits

—
—
10
Total

33

27

51
(A) Short-term employee benefits includes wages, salaries and social security contributions, paid annual leave and paid sick leave, paid bonuses and non-monetary benefits (such as medical care and cars).
The Group did not have any loans with key management personnel and was not party to any other transactions with the key management personnel during the periods presented.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
136
Note 18

INCOME TAXES
Current income tax
Current income tax for the period includes amounts expected to be payable on taxable income in the period together with any adjustments to taxes payable in respect of previous periods, and is determined based on the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions, where appropriate, on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is determined by identifying the temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax for the period includes origination and reversal of temporary differences, remeasurements of deferred tax balances and adjustments in respect of prior periods.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
•
when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or
•
in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and interests in joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:
•
when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or
•
in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.
Income tax is recognised in the
consolidated income statement
. Income tax is recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or in equity.
2018
,
2017
 and
2016
 results
The following table summarises the major components of income tax expense for the periods presented.

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Current income tax:

     Current income tax charge
315

294

242
     Adjustment in respect of current income tax from prior periods
4

—

24
Total current tax
319

294

266
Deferred tax:

     Relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences
21

196

(56
)
     Adjustment in respect of deferred income tax from prior periods
(6
)

(3
)

3
     Relating to changes in tax rates or the imposition of new taxes
(38
)

(16
)

(43
)
Total deferred tax
(23
)

177

(96
)
Income tax charge per the income statement
296

471

170
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
137
The following table summarises the taxes on items recognised in other comprehensive income and directly within equity for the periods presented.

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Taxes charged (credited) to OCI:

     Deferred tax on net gain/loss on revaluation of cash flow hedges

(3
)

—

(2
)
     Deferred tax on net gain/loss on net investment hedges

(41
)

(27
)

(22
)
     Current tax on net gain/loss on net investment hedges

41

—

—
     Deferred tax on net gain/loss on pension plan remeasurements

—

18

(14
)
Total taxes charged (credited) to OCI

(3
)

(9
)

(38
)
Taxes charged (credited) to equity:

     Deferred tax charge (credit): share based compensation

12

(12
)

(5
)
     Current tax charge (credit): share based compensation

(5
)

(2
)

—
Total taxes charged (credited) to equity

7

(14
)

(5
)
The effective tax rate was
24.6%
,
40.6%
 and
23.6%
 for the years ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and 31 December
2016
, respectively. The parent company of the Group is a UK company. Accordingly, the following tables provide reconciliations of the Group’s income tax expense at the UK statutory tax rate to the actual income tax expense for the periods presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Accounting profit before tax from continuing operations

1,205

1,159

719

Tax expense at the UK statutory rate

229

223

144
Taxation of foreign operations, net
(A)

81

86

(11
)
Non-deductible expense items for tax purposes
(B)

30

7

13
Non-deductible transaction costs

—

—

10
Rate and law change benefit, net
(C)(D)(E)(F)(G)(H)(I)

(38
)

(16
)

(43
)
Deferred taxes not recognised
(J)

(4
)

174

30
Adjustment in respect of prior periods
(K)

(2
)

(3
)

27
Total provision for income taxes

296

471

170
(A)
This reflects the impact, net of income tax contingencies, of having operations outside the UK, which are taxed at rates other than the statutory UK rate of
19%
 (2017:
19.25%
 , 2016:
20%
), with the benefit of some income being fully or partially exempt from income taxes due to various operating and financing activities. In 2017, the amount also includes a net
€125 million
 charge related to the deemed repatriation of profits to the US under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the US Tax Act).
(B)
In 2018, includes a
€24 million
 charge from a change in tax basis in the year as a result of the simplification of our debt and capital structure following the US Tax Act.
(C)
In 2018, the Basque territory enacted a law change which reduced the rate of tax from
28%
 in prior years, to
26%
 in 2018 and
24%
 from 2019. Additionally the rules relating to the use of tax credits changed. The Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€23 million
 to reflect the impact of this change.
(D)
In December 2018, the Netherlands enacted an incremental corporate income tax rate reduction from
25%
, ultimately reaching
20.5%
, effective 1 January 2021. As a result, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€9 million
 to reflect the impact of this change.
(E)
In June 2018, Sweden enacted an incremental corporate income tax rate reduction from
22%
, ultimately reaching
20.6%
, effective 1 January 2021. As a result, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€5 million
 to reflect the impact of this change.
(F) In December 2017, the US enacted a corporate income tax rate reduction from
35%
 to
21%
 effective 1 January 2018. In 2017, the Group recognised a deferred tax expense of
€16 million
 to reflect the impact of this change.
(G)
During the second half of 2016, France enacted a corporate income tax rate reduction from
33.33%
 to
28%
 effective for tax years beginning on or after 1 January 2018. As a result, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€28 million
 during the second half of 2016 to reflect the impact of this change. In December 2017, France enacted a further incremental corporate income tax rate reduction, ultimately reaching
25%
 effective 1 January 2022. In 2017, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€11 million
 to reflect the impact of this change.
(H)
In December 2017, Belgium enacted an incremental corporate income tax rate reduction from
34%
, ultimately reaching
25%
, effective 1 January 2020. As a result, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€20 million
 to reflect the impact of this change.
(I)
During the second half of 2016, the UK enacted a corporate income tax rate reduction of
1%
 effective 1 April 2020. As a result, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€14 million
 during the second half of 2016 to reflect the impact of this change.
(J)  In 2017, deferred taxes not recognised include a
€178 million
 charge related to the reduction of foreign tax credits as a result of the US Tax Act.
(K)
In 2018, the adjustment in respect of prior periods includes a charge of
€11 million
 to true up the estimated impact of changes to the US tax system enacted under the US Tax Act.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
138
Deferred income taxes
The following table summarises the movements in the carrying amounts of deferred tax liabilities and assets by significant component during the period presented:

Franchise and other intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Financial assets and liabilities

Tax losses

Employee and retiree benefit accruals

Tax credits

Other, net

Total, net

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
31 December 2016

1,980

318

80

(72
)

(124
)

(258
)

50

1,974
Amount charged/(credited) to income statement (excluding effect of tax rate changes)

2

(21
)

(12
)

45

20

165

(6
)

193
Effect of tax rate changes on income statement

(33
)

(13
)

3

8

14

—

5

(16
)
Amounts charged/(credited) directly to OCI (excluding effect of tax rate changes)

—

—

—

—

17

—

—

17
Effect of tax rate changes on OCI

—

—

(27
)

—

1

—

—

(26
)
Amount charged/(credited) to equity (excluding effect of tax rate changes)

—

—

—

—

(20
)

—

—

(20
)
Effect of tax rate changes on equity

—

—

—

—

8

—

—

8
Acquired through business combinations

63

(45
)

—

—

(2
)

46

(7
)

55
Balance sheet reclassifications

(2
)

2

—

—

—

—

—

—
Effect of movements in foreign exchange

(13
)

(4
)

(13
)

5

3

19

(1
)

(4
)
As at 31 December 2017

1,997

237

31

(14
)

(83
)

(28
)

41

2,181
Amount charged/(credited) to income statement (excluding effect of tax rate changes)

(3
)

(23
)

28

10

(9
)

11

1

15
Effect of tax rate changes on income statement

(40
)

(1
)

—

—

—

4

(1
)

(38
)
Amounts charged/(credited) directly to OCI

—

—

(44
)

—

—

—

—

(44
)
Amount charged/(credited) to equity

—

—

—

—

11

1

—

12
Effect of movements in foreign exchange

(5
)

(1
)

—

—

—

—

—

(6
)
As at 31 December 2018

1,949

212

15

(4
)

(81
)

(12
)

41

2,120
The total net deferred tax liability of
€2,120 million
 at
31 December 2018
 is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as deferred tax assets of
€37 million
 and deferred tax liabilities of
€2,157 million
. Other net deferred tax liabilities as at
31 December 2018
 include a
€44 million
 liability arising on assets capitalised under IFRS but expensed for tax, and a €
22 million
 liability related to purchase accounting on earlier transactions in an acquired entity.
Unrecognised tax items
The utilisation of tax losses and temporary differences carried forward, for which no deferred tax asset is currently recognised, is subject to the resolution of tax authority enquiries and the achievement of positive income in periods which are beyond the Group’s current business plan, and therefore this utilisation is uncertain. In respect of unused tax losses and other attributes carried forward, deferred tax assets of
€544 million
,
€569 million
 and €
356 million
 have not been recognised as at
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
, respectively. As at
31 December 2018
, the net recognised tax losses carried forward totalled
€4 million
. Of these,
€3 million
 expire between
2026
 and
2028
. As at
31 December 2018
, the Group recognised tax credits carried forward totalled
€12 million
, which expire between
2043
 and
2048
.
As at
31 December 2018
, there are
no
 taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries.
Tax provisions
The Group is routinely under audit by taxing authorities in the ordinary course of business. Due to their nature, such proceedings and tax matters involve inherent uncertainties including, but not limited to, court rulings, settlements between affected parties and/or governmental actions. The probability of outcome is assessed and accrued as a liability and/or disclosed, as appropriate. The Group maintains provisions for uncertainty relating to these tax matters that it believes appropriately reflect its risk, the carrying amount of which as at
31 December 2018
 is included within other non-current liabilities on the
consolidated statement of financial position
.
The Group reviews the adequacy of these provisions at the end of each reporting period and adjusts them based on changing facts and circumstances. Due to the uncertainty associated with tax matters, it is possible that at some future date, liabilities resulting from audits or litigation could vary significantly from the Group’s provisions.
The Group has received tax assessments in certain jurisdictions for potential tax related to the Group’s purchases of concentrate. The value of the Group’s concentrate purchases is significant, and therefore, the tax assessments are substantial. The Group strongly believes the application of tax has no technical merit based on applicable tax law, and its tax position would be sustained. Accordingly, the Group has not recorded a tax liability for these assessments, and is vigorously defending its position against these assessments.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
139
US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
The US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted on
22 December 2017
 and represented a significant change to the US tax code. Whilst the Group is a UK listed and tax resident entity, it has a number of subsidiaries outside the UK including a US incorporated holding company that is wholly owned by Coca-Cola European Partners plc. Based on the applicable provisions of the US Tax Act, the Group recorded a non-recurring provisional book tax expense totalling
€320 million
 during the fourth quarter of 2017. In 2018, the Group finalised its calculation of the impact of the enactment and recorded a further
€11 million
 of non-recurring book tax expense. Further regulations clarifying the continuing impact of the new regime on the Group were issued in late December 2018 and have yet to be finalised by the US government which could ultimately have an impact on the consolidated financial statements. The total expense of €
331 million
 is comprised of the following items:
•
A deemed repatriation book tax charge of €
156 million
, net of foreign tax credits. As part of the transition from a worldwide taxation to a territorial taxation system, the US Tax Act imposed a one-off transition tax on unrepatriated earnings of US entities with investments in foreign entities. For the Group, this impact represented a book tax expense and will not result in additional cash taxes.
•
A €
167 million
 reduction in deferred tax assets recognised due to the repeal of the foreign tax credit system. The Group has determined that its foreign tax credits brought forward will not be fully utilised going forward and as such has reduced its deferred tax assets accordingly.
•
An €
8 million
 net reduction in deferred tax liabilities as a result of the reduction in the US corporate income tax rate from
35%
 to
21%
 with effect from 1 January 2018. Based on the backward tracing requirements of IAS 12, the Group recognised a deferred tax benefit of
€27 million
 in other comprehensive income, an €
11 million
 unfavourable adjustment to equity, and a deferred tax book expense of €
8 million
.
Note 19
SHARE-BASED PAYMENT PLANS
The Group has established share-based payment plans that provide for the granting of share options and restricted stock units, some with performance and/or market conditions, to certain executive and management level employees. These awards are designed to align the interests of its employees with the interests of its shareholders.
The Group recognises compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value for all share-based payment awards that are expected to vest. Expense is generally recorded on a straight line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award.
During the years ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
, compensation expense related to our share-based payment plans totalled
€17 million
,
€14 million
 and
€42 million
, respectively.
Share options
Share options (1) are granted with exercise prices equal to or greater than the fair value of the Group’s stock on the date of grant (2) generally vest in
three
 annual tranches over a period of
36 months
 and (3) expire
10 years
 from the date of grant. Generally, when options are exercised, new shares will be issued rather than issuing treasury shares, if available. At the time of the Merger,
7,462,690
 options to purchase CCE shares were converted to
9,900,496
 options to purchase Company shares. The number of options, exercise price and grant date fair value were converted to ensure no change in the option holders’ intrinsic values or total cost to exercise. There were no changes made to any option’s vesting schedule and no additional compensation expense was recognised as a result of this conversion. No options were granted during the year ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
. All options outstanding as at
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and
31 December 2016
 were valued and had exercise prices in US dollars.
The following table summarises our share option activity for the periods presented:

2018

2017

2016

Shares

Average exercise price

Shares

Average exercise price

Shares

Average exercise price

thousands

US$

thousands

US$

thousands

US$
Outstanding at beginning of year
8,579

23.58

9,435

23.03

8,136

29.17
Granted
—

—

—

—

—

—
Exercised
(2,037
)

14.16

(842
)

17.48

(1,347
)

14.61
Forfeited, expired or cancelled
—

—

(14
)

24.61

(12
)

32.22
Adjustment for option conversion
n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

2,658

37.05
Outstanding at end of year
6,542

26.51

8,579

23.58

9,435

23.03
Options exercisable at end of year
6,542

26.51

8,417

23.28

8,701

21.77
The weighted average share prices during the years ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and
31 December 2016
 were
US$41.91
,
US$39.24
 and
US$42.12
, respectively.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
140
The following table summarises the weighted average remaining life of options outstanding for the periods presented:

2018

2017

2016
Range of exercise prices
Options
outstanding

Weighted
average
remaining life

Options
outstanding

Weighted
average
remaining life

Options
outstanding

Weighted
average
remaining life
US$
thousands

years

thousands

years

thousands

years
5.00  to  15.00
713

0.84

1,987

1.37

2,532

2.09
15.01  to  25.00
2,459

2.94

2,882

3.98

3,060

5.01
25.01  to  40.00
3,370

5.84

3,710

6.85

3,843

7.83

6,542

4.21

8,579

4.62

9,435

5.37
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and Performance Share Units (PSUs)
RSU awards entitle the participant to accrue dividends, which are paid in cash only if the RSUs vest. They do not give voting rights. Upon vesting, the participant is granted one share for each RSU. They generally vest subject to continued employment for a period of at least
36 months
. Unvested RSUs are restricted as to disposition and subject to forfeiture.
There were
0.3 million
,
0.4 million
 and
0.4 million
 unvested RSUs outstanding with a weighted average grant date fair value of
US$39.51
,
US$44.05
 and
US$45.76
 as at
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017
 and 31 December
2016
, respectively.
PSU awards entitle the participant to the same benefits as RSUs. They vest subject to continued employment for a period of at least 36 months and the attainment of certain market conditions and/or performance targets. There were
1.2 million
,
1.3 million
 and
1.4 million
 of unvested PSUs with weighted average grant date fair values of
US$42.66
,
US$44.19
 and
US$45.81
 outstanding as at
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and
31 December 2016
, respectively.
The PSUs granted in 2014 were subject to a market condition that adjusted the number of PSUs otherwise earned based on the following year’s EPS results. Specifically, the percentage of the target PSUs earned based on EPS growth was adjusted upward based on Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance, as compared to the TSR of the companies in the S&P 500 over the performance period. The 2014 performance share units were paid out during 2018 at
175%
 of the target award.
The 2015 PSUs contained only performance and service conditions and will pay out at
100%
 of the target award in 2019. In 2016, there was no award of PSUs.
The 2017 and 2018 PSUs vest after three years and are subject to two equally weighted performance conditions: compound annual growth rate of earnings per share, and return on invested capital (ROIC), both measured over a three year period.
Key assumptions for grant date fair value
The following table summarises the weighted average grant date fair values per unit:
Restricted Stock Units

2018

2017
Grant date fair value - service conditions (US$)

41.62

38.95
Grant date fair value - service and performance conditions (US$)

41.76

37.78
Conversions of share-based payments
Upon completion of the Merger, each unvested restricted stock unit of CCE shares was converted into a cash payment of
US$14.50
 and
one
 restricted stock unit of Company shares. The cash payment and restricted stock unit both vest concurrently and under the same schedule as the original CCE restricted stock unit. These awards do not contain a net settlement feature for employee taxes; therefore, the liability of
€21 million
 for tax withholdings on unvested restricted stock units as at the Merger was reclassified into equity. Further, the Group determined that the total fair value of the cash payment and the new restricted stock unit immediately after the Merger equalled the fair value of the original restricted stock unit immediately prior to the Merger; thus no incremental expense was recognised. As at 31 December
2016
, the total accrued portion of the cash payment reclassified from equity and included within accrued compensation was
€16 million
. Additionally, CCE had a pre-existing deferred share-based payment plan that was terminated in connection with the Merger. This resulted in the plan being converted and reclassified from an equity-settled plan to a cash-settled plan and shortly after the Merger approximately
€27 million
 was distributed to the plan participants.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
141
Note 20

PROVISIONS, CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. When some or all of a provision is expected to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the
consolidated income statement
, net of any reimbursement.
Asset retirement obligations are estimated at the inception of a lease or contract, for which a liability is recognised. A corresponding asset is also created and depreciated.
If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
Provisions
The following table summarises the movement in each class of provision for the periods presented:

Restructuring provision
Decommissioning provision
Other
provisions
(A)

Total

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
As at 31 December 2016

289

12

9

310
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss:

Additional provisions recognised

186

1

9

196
Unused amounts reversed

(22
)

—

(3
)

(25
)
Utilised during the period

(238
)

(1
)

(2
)

(241
)
Translation

1

1

—

2
As at 31 December 2017

216

13

13

242
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss:

Additional provisions recognised

236

4

2
242
Unused amounts reversed

(23
)

—

—
(23
)
Utilised during the period

(206
)

(1
)

(2
)
(209
)
As at 31 December 2018

223
16
13
252
Non-current

99
16
4
119
Current

124
—
9
133
As at 31 December 2018

223
16
13
252
(A)
Other provisions primarily relate to property tax assessment provisions and legal reserves and are not considered material to these financial statements.
Restructuring provision
Restructuring provisions are recognised only when the Group has a constructive obligation, which is when a detailed formal plan identifies the business or part of the business concerned, the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs and an appropriate timeline and the employees affected have been notified of the plan’s main features. These provisions are expected to be resolved by the time the related programme is substantively complete.
Refer to
Note 15
 for further details regarding our restructuring programmes, including expected completion date, total costs incurred and expected costs to be incurred.
Decommissioning provisions
Decommissioning liabilities relate to contractual or legal obligations to pay for asset retirement costs. The liabilities represent both the reinstatement obligations when the Group is contractually obligated to pay for the cost of retiring leased buildings and the costs for collection, treatment, reuse, recovery and environmentally sound disposal of cold drink equipment. Specific to cold drink equipment obligations, the Group is subject to, and operates in accordance with, the EU Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE). Under the WEEE, companies that put electrical and electronic equipment (such as cold drink equipment) on the EU market are responsible for the costs of collection, treatment, recovery and disposal of their own products. Where applicable, the WEEE provision estimate is calculated utilising assumptions including disposal cost per unit, average equipment age and the inflation rate, to determine the appropriate accrual amount.
The period over which the decommissioning liabilities on leased buildings and cold drink equipment will be settled ranges from
1
 to
10
 years and
3
 to
13
 years, respectively.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
142
Contingencies
Legal proceedings and tax matters
The Group is involved in various legal proceedings and tax matters and is routinely under audit by taxing authorities in the ordinary course of business. Due to their nature, such legal proceedings and tax matters involve inherent uncertainties including, but not limited to, court rulings, settlements between affected parties and/or governmental actions. The probability of loss for such contingencies is assessed and accrued as a liability and/or disclosed, as appropriate.
Guarantees
In connection with ongoing litigation in certain territories, guarantees of approximately
€295 million
 have been issued to the authorities. The Group was required to issue these guarantees to satisfy potential obligations arising from such litigation. In addition, we have approximately
€80 million
 of guarantees issued to third parties through the normal course of business. The guarantees have various terms, and the amounts represents the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees. No significant additional liabilities in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements
 are expected to arise from guarantees issued.
Commitments
Commitments beyond
31 December 2018
 are disclosed herein but not accrued for within the
consolidated statement of financial position
.
Purchase agreements
Total purchase commitments were
€0.7 billion
 as at
31 December 2018
. This amount represents non-cancellable purchase agreements with various suppliers that are enforceable and legally binding, and that specify a fixed or minimum quantity that we must purchase. All purchases made under these agreements have standard quality and performance criteria. In addition to these amounts, the Group has outstanding capital expenditure purchase orders of approximately
€148 million
 as at
31 December 2018
. The Group also has other purchase orders raised in the ordinary course of business which are settled in a reasonably short period of time.
Operating lease commitments
The Group leases land, office and warehouse space, computer hardware, machinery and equipment and vehicles under non-cancellable operating lease agreements expiring at various dates through to
2028
. Some lease agreements contain standard renewal provisions that allow for renewal at rates equivalent to fair market value at the end of the lease term. Under lease agreements that contain escalating rent provisions, lease expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Under lease agreements that contain rent holidays, rent expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the entire lease term, including the period covered by the rent holiday.
Rent expense under non-cancellable operating lease agreements totalled
€119 million
,
€120 million
 and
€92 million
 during the years ended
31 December 2018
,
31 December 2017

and
31 December 2016
, respectively.
The following table summarises the future maturity of the Group’s operating lease obligations as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017
Operating lease maturities

€ million

€ million
Within one year

94

90
After one year but not more than five years

169

163
More than five years

37

37
Total minimum lease payments

300

290
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
143
Note 21

OTHER ASSETS
The following table summarises the Group’s other current assets as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017
Other current assets

€ million

€ million
Prepayments

47

45
VAT receivables

17

273
Miscellaneous receivables

114

124
Assets held for sale

15

10
Total other current assets

193

452
The following table summarises the Group’s other non-current assets as at the dates presented:

31 December 2018

31 December 2017
Other non-current assets

€ million

€ million
VAT receivables

318

—
Retirement benefit surplus

21

24
Other

57

57
Total other non-current assets

396

81
VAT receivables
As at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, the Group had a value added tax (VAT) receivable recorded of €
318 million
 and €
235 million
 respectively, relating to a dispute that began in 2014 between the Spanish Tax Authorities and the Regional Tax Authorities of Bizkaia (Basque Region) as to the responsibility for refunding the VAT to CCEP.
Under relevant tax laws in Spain, conflicts between jurisdictions are ruled by a special Arbitration Board and the refund of the VAT is mandated following the resolution of the issue at the Arbitration Board. However, to date, the Arbitration Board has not ruled on the issue and Spanish legislation offers limited mechanisms for a taxpayer to force the expedition of matters before the Arbitration Board.
Under the laws of the European Union, there must be neutrality of treatment between a supplier and the recipient of a transaction, i.e. provided VAT has been correctly charged and paid, and the recipient is entitled to deduct the input VAT, the excess VAT must be refunded. As such, we believe it is a certainty that the amount due plus interest will be refunded to CCEP once the Arbitration Board rules. However, in light of the continued delay in the resolution of the matter, the VAT receivable has been reclassified to other non-current assets as at
31 December 2018
.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
144
Note 22

FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Financial risk factors, objectives and policies
The Group’s activities expose it to several financial risks including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. Financial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures to minimise the uncertainties these risks create on the Group’s future cash flows. Such policies are developed and approved by the Group’s Treasury and Commodities Risk Committee, through the authority provided to it by the Board.
Market risk
Market risk represents the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market prices and includes interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk such as commodity price risk. Market risk affects outstanding borrowings, as well as derivative financial instruments.
Interest rates
The Group is subject to interest rate risk for its outstanding borrowings. To manage interest rate risk, the Group maintains a significant proportion of its borrowings at fixed rates. Approximately
87%
 and
77%
 of the Group’s interest bearing borrowings was comprised of fixed rate borrowings at
31 December 2018
 and
31 December 2017
, respectively. The Group has not entered into any interest rate swap agreements or other such instruments to hedge its interest rate risk during the periods presented.
If interest rates on the Group’s floating rate debt were adjusted by
1%
 for the years ended
31 December 2018
, 31 December
2017
 and
31 December 2016
, the Group’s finance costs and pre-tax equity would change on an annual basis by approximately
€6 million
,
€12 million
 and
€15 million
, respectively. This amount is determined by calculating the effect of a hypothetical interest rate change on the Group’s floating rate debt. This estimate does not include the effects of other actions to mitigate this risk or changes in the Group’s financial structure.
Currency exchange rates
The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates relates primarily to its operating activities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency, euro. To manage currency exchange risk arising from future commercial transactions and recognised monetary assets and liabilities, foreign currency forward and option contracts with external third parties are utilised. Typically, up to
80%
 of anticipated cash flow exposures in each major foreign currency for the next calendar year are hedged using a combination of forward and option contracts with third parties.
The Group is also exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates between US dollar and euro relating to its US denominated borrowings. The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s profit before income taxes and pre-tax equity as a result of changes in the value of outstanding debt instruments due to reasonable movements in the US dollar against the euro, with all other variables held constant. Movements in foreign currencies related to the Group’s other financial instruments do not have a material impact on profit before income taxes or pre-tax equity.

Change in currency rate

€ strengthens against US$

€ weakens  against US$
Effect on profit before tax and pre-tax equity

%

€ million

€ million
Year ended 31 December 2018

10

85

(93
)
Year ended 31 December 2017

10

81

(89
)
Year ended 31 December 2016

10

92

(101
)
Commodity price risk
The competitive marketplace in which the Group operates may limit its ability to recover increased costs through higher prices. As such, the Group is subject to market risk with respect to commodity price fluctuations, principally related to its purchases of aluminium, PET (plastic), steel, sugar and vehicle fuel. When possible, exposure to this risk is managed primarily through the use of supplier pricing agreements, which enable the Group to establish the purchase price for certain commodities. Certain suppliers restrict the Group’s ability to hedge prices through supplier agreements. As a result, commodity hedging programmes are entered into and generally designated as hedging instruments. Refer to Note 10 Hedging Activities for more information. Typically, up to
80%
 of the anticipated commodity transaction exposures for the next calendar year are hedged using a combination of forward and option contracts executed with third parties. The Group estimates that a
10%
 change in the market price of these commodities over the current market prices would affect operating profit during the next 12 months by approximately
€37 million
. This does not take into account the effects of derivative instruments used to manage exposure to this risk or pricing agreements in place.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
145
Credit risk
The Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk on all of its derivative financial instruments. Strict counterparty credit guidelines are maintained and only financial institutions that are investment grade or better are acceptable counterparties. Counterparty credit risk is continuously monitored and numerous counterparties are utilised to minimise exposure to potential defaults. Collateral is not required under these agreements. The maximum credit risk exposure for each derivative financial instrument is the carrying amount of the derivative.
Credit is extended in the form of payment terms for trade to customers of the Group, consisting of retailers, wholesalers and other customers, generally without requiring collateral, based on an evaluation of the customer’s financial condition. While the Group has a concentration of credit risk in the retail sector, this risk is mitigated due to the diverse nature of the customers the Group serves, including, but not limited to, their type, geographic location, size and beverage channel. Collections of receivables are dependent on each individual customer’s financial condition and sales adjustments granted. Trade accounts receivable are carried at net realisable value. Typically, accounts receivable have terms of
30
 to
60
 days and do not bear interest. Exposure to losses on receivables is monitored, and allowances for potential losses or adjustments are maintained. Allowances are determined by: (1) evaluating the aging of receivables; (2) analysing the history of adjustments; and (3) reviewing high risk customers. Past due receivable balances are written off when the Group’s efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. Credit insurance on a portion of the accounts receivable balance is also carried.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is actively managed to ensure that the Group has sufficient funds to satisfy its commitments. The Group’s sources of capital include, but are not limited to, cash flows from operations, public and private issuances of debt and equity securities and bank borrowings. The Group believes its operating cash flow, cash on hand and available short-term and long-term capital resources are sufficient to fund its working capital requirements, scheduled borrowing payments, interest payments, capital expenditures, benefit plan contributions, income tax obligations and dividends to its shareholders. Counterparties and instruments used to hold cash and cash equivalents are continuously assessed, with a focus on preservation of capital and liquidity. Based on information currently available, the Group does not believe it is at significant risk of default by its counterparties.
The Group has amounts available for borrowing under a
€1.5 billion
 multi-currency credit facility with a syndicate of
10
 banks. This credit facility matures in
2023
 and is for general corporate purposes, including serving as a backstop to its commercial paper programme and supporting the Group’s working capital needs. Based on information currently available, the Group has no indication that the financial institutions participating in this facility would be unable to fulfil their commitments as at the date of these financial statements. The current credit facility contains no financial covenants that would impact the Group’s liquidity or access to capital. As at
31 December 2018
, the Group had no amounts drawn under this credit facility.
The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and net settled derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the statement of financial position date to the contractual maturity date. Derivative financial liabilities are included in the analysis if their contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows:

Total

Less than 1 year

1 to 3 years

3 to 5 years

More than 5 years
Financial liabilities

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
31 December 2018

Trade accounts payable

2,327

2,327

—

—

—
Amounts payable to related parties

191

191

—

—

—
Borrowings

5,626

491

1,584

1,057

2,494
Derivatives

71

20

51

—

—
Total financial liabilities

8,215

3,029

1,635

1,057

2,494
31 December 2017

Trade accounts payable

2,282

2,282

—

—

—
Amounts payable to related parties

178

178

—

—

—
Borrowings

5,792

274

1,320

1,722

2,476
Derivatives

94

1

93

—

—
Total financial liabilities

8,346
2,735
1,413
1,722
2,476
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
146
Capital management
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure a strong credit rating and appropriate capital ratios are maintained in order to support the Group’s business and maximise shareholder value. The Group’s credit ratings are periodically reviewed by rating agencies. Currently, the Group’s long-term ratings from Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s (S&P), are A3 and BBB+, respectively. The ratings outlook from Moody’s and S&P are stable. Changes in the operating results, cash flows or financial position could impact the ratings assigned by the various rating agencies. The credit rating can be materially influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to, acquisitions, investment decisions, capital management activities of TCCC and/or changes in the credit rating of TCCC. Should the credit ratings be adjusted downward, the Group may incur higher costs to borrow, which could have a material impact on the financial condition and results of operations.
The capital structure is managed and, as appropriate, adjustments are made in light of changes in economic conditions and the Group’s financial policy. The Group monitors its operating performance in the context of targeted financial leverage by comparing the ratio of net debt with Adjusted EBITDA.  Net debt is calculated as being the net of cash and cash equivalents and currency adjusted borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as EBITDA and adjusting for items impacting comparability.
Refer to
Note 9
 for the presentation of fair values for each class of financial assets and financial liabilities and
Note 10
 for an outline of how the Group utilises derivative financial instruments to mitigate its exposure to certain market risks associated with its ongoing operations.
Refer to the Strategic Report included within this Integrated Report for disclosure of strategic, commercial and operational risk relevant to the Group.
Note 23

STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE
The standards and interpretations that are issued (although in some cases not yet adopted by the EU), but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of these financial statements, are disclosed below. These standards will be adopted, if applicable, when they become effective. The impact the standards will have on the Group’s financial statements is being evaluated.
IFRS 16, “Leases” (IFRS 16)
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, “Leases”. The new standard supersedes IAS 17 and is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The objective of IFRS 16 is to ensure a single lessee accounting model and requires a lessee to recognise assets and liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of low value. IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17 and related interpretations. Accordingly, a lessor continues to classify its leases as operating leases or finance leases and to account for those two types of leases differently.
The lease liability will be initially measured at the present value of lease payments, discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.  The lease term comprises the non-cancellable period of the contract, together with periods covered by an option to extend the lease whenever the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option.  Subsequently, the lease liability will be measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability and reducing it by lease payments made.
Right of use assets will be initially measured at cost, comprising the initial measurement of the lease liability, plus any direct costs and an estimate of asset retirement obligations, less lease incentives.  Subsequently, right of use assets will be measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.  Depreciation will be calculated on a straight line basis over the length of the lease.
The Group intends to apply the modified retrospective approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the year prior to first adoption. Right of use assets will be measured at the amount of the lease liability on adoption (adjusted for any prepaid or accrued lease expenses).
On 1 January 2019, the Group expects to recognise between €300 million to €350 million of right of use assets and a corresponding debt liability.
The Group’s activities as a lessor are not material and hence the Group does not expect any significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
147
IFRIC Interpretation 23, “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment” (IFRIC 23)
IFRIC 23 addresses the accounting for income taxes when tax treatments involve uncertainty that affects the application of IAS 12 and does not apply to taxes or levies outside the scope of IAS 12, nor does it specifically include interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax treatments. It addresses the following: whether an entity considers uncertain tax treatments separately, the assumptions an entity makes about the examination of tax treatments by taxation authorities, determination of taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax credits and tax rates and how changes in facts and circumstances are considered.
An entity must determine whether to consider each uncertain tax treatment separately or together with one or more other uncertain tax treatments. The approach that better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty should be followed. IFRIC 23 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
We do not expect IFRIC 23 to have a material impact on the
consolidated financial statements
.
Amendments to IAS 19, “Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement” (IAS 19)
The amendments to IAS 19 address the accounting when a plan amendment, curtailment or settlement occurs during a reporting period. The amendments specify that when a plan amendment, curtailment or settlement occurs during the annual reporting period, an entity is required to:
•
Determine current service cost for the remainder of the period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, using the actuarial assumptions used to remeasure the net defined benefit liability (asset) reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after that event.
•
Determine net interest for the remainder of the period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using: the net defined benefit liability (asset) reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after that event and the discount rate used to remeasure that net defined benefit liability (asset).
The amendments also clarify that an entity first determines any past service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, without considering the effect of the asset ceiling. This amount is recognised in profit or loss. An entity then determines the effect of the asset ceiling after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement. Any change in that effect, excluding amounts included in the net interest, is recognised in other comprehensive income.
The amendments apply to plan amendments, curtailments or settlements occurring on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period that begins on or after 1 January 2019, with early application permitted. These amendments will apply only to any future plan amendments, curtailments, or settlements of the Group.
Annual Improvements 2015-2017 Cycle (issued in December 2017)
These improvements applicable to the Group include:
IAS 12, “Income Taxes”
The amendments clarify that the income tax consequences of dividends are linked more directly to past transactions or events that generated distributable profits than to distributions to owners. Therefore, an entity recognises the income tax consequences of dividends in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or equity according to where the entity originally recognised those past transactions or events.
An entity applies those amendments for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019, with early application permitted. When an entity first applies those amendments, it applies them to the income tax consequences of dividends recognised on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period. Since the Group’s current practice is in line with these amendments, the Group does not expect any effect on its consolidated financial statements.
IAS 23, “Borrowing Costs”
The amendments clarify that an entity treats as part of general borrowings any borrowing originally made to develop a qualifying asset when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare that asset for its intended use or sale are complete.
An entity applies those amendments to borrowing costs incurred on or after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies those amendments. An entity applies those amendments for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019, with early application permitted. Since the Group’s current practice is in line with these amendments, the Group does not expect any effect on its consolidated financial statements.
There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that would be expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
148
Note 24

GROUP COMPANIES
In accordance with section 409 of the Companies Act 2006, a full list of the Company’s subsidiaries, partnerships, associates, joint ventures and joint arrangements as at 31 December 2018 is disclosed below, along with, the country of incorporation, the registered address and the effective percentage of equity owned at that date. Unless otherwise stated, each entity has a share capital comprising a single class of ordinary shares and is wholly owned and indirectly held by Coca-Cola European Partners plc.
Name
Country of incorporation
% equity interest
Registered address
Agua De La Vega Del Codorno, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ribera del loira, 20-22, 2ª Planta - 28042 (Madrid)
Aguas De Santolin, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Real, s/n 09246, Quintanaurria (Burgos)
Aguas Del Maestrazgo, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Monasterio de las huelgas, 7, Pol.ind.Alcalde Caballero, 50014 (Zaragoza)
Aguas Del Toscal, S.A.U.
Spain
100%
Ctra. de la Pasadilla, km. 3- 35250, ingenio (Gran Canaria)
Aguas Vilas Del Turbon, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Monasterio de las huelgas, 7, Pol.ind.Alcalde Caballero, 50014 (Zaragoza)
Amalgamated Beverages Great Britain Limited
United Kingdom
100%
(D)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
BBH Investment Ireland Limited
Ireland
100%
6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square (Dublin 2)
Bebidas Gaseosas Del Noroeste, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
Avda.Alcalde Alfonso Molina, s/n- 15007 (A Coruña)
Beganet, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
Avda Paisos Catalans, 32 – 08950 (Esplugues de Llobregat)
BH Holdings Lux Commandite SCS
Luxembourg
100%
(B)
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
BH Holdings Luxembourg SARL
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
BH Luxembourg SARL
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
BH SARL
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
Birtingahúsið ehf.
Iceland
34.5%
Laugavegur 174, 105, (Reykjavík)
BL Bottling Holdings UK Limited
United Kingdom
100%
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Bottling Great Britain Limited
United Kingdom
100%
(D)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Bottling Holdings (Luxembourg) SARL
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
Bottling Holdings (Netherlands) B.V.
Netherlands
100%
Watermanweg 30, 3067 GG (Rotterdam)
Bottling Holdings Europe Limited
United Kingdom
100%
(D)(E)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Bottling Holding France SAS
France
100%
9, chemin de Bretagne, 92784 (Issy-les-Moulineaux)
CC Digital GmbH
Germany
50%
Stralauer Allee 4, 10245 (Berlin)
CC Erfrischungsgetränke Oldenburg Verwaltungs GmbH
Germany
100%
Sandkruger, Straße 234, 26133 (Oldenburg)
CC Iberian Partners Gestion S.L.
Spain
100%
C/ Ribera del loira, 20-22, 2ª Planta - 28042 (Madrid)
CC
Verpackungsgesellschaft mit beschraenkter Haftung
Germany
100%
Schieferstraße 20 06126 Halle (Saale)
CCEP Group Services Limited
United Kingdom
100%
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
CCEP Holdings Norge AS
Norway
100%
Robsrudskogen 5, 1470 (Lørenskog)
CCEP Holdings Sverige AB
Sweden
100%
Dryckesvägen 2 C, 136 87 (Haninge)
CCEP Holdings UK Limited
United Kingdom
100%
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
CCEP Ventures Europe Limited
United Kingdom
100%
(A)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
CCEP Ventures UK Limited
United Kingdom
100%
(A)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
CCIP Soporte, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ribera del loira, 20-22, 2ª Planta - 28042 (Madrid)
Classic Brand (Europe) Designated Activity Company
Ireland
100%
4th Floor, 25-28 Adelaide Road, D02 RY98 (Dublin 2)
Cobega Embotellador, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
Avda Paisos Catalans, 32 – 08950 (Esplugues de Llobregat)
Coca-Cola European Partners Belgium SPRL
Belgium
100%
Chaussée de Mons 1424, 1070 (Brussels)
Coca-Cola European Partners Deutschland GmbH
Germany
100%
(F)
Stralauer Allee 4, 10245 (Berlin)
Coca-Cola European Partners France SAS
France
100%
(G)
9, chemin de Bretagne, 92784 (Issy-les-Moulineaux)
Coca-Cola European Partners Great Britain Limited
United Kingdom
100%
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Coca-Cola European Partners Holdings Great Britain Limited
United Kingdom
100%
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Coca-Cola European Partners Holdings US, Inc.
United States
100%
(A)(D)
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington 19801 (Delaware)
Coca-Cola European Partners Iberia, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ribera del loira, 20-22, 2ª Planta - 28042 (Madrid)
Coca-Cola European Partners Ísland ehf.
Iceland
100%
Studlahals 1, 110 (Reykjavik)
Coca-Cola European Partners Luxembourg SARL
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
Coca-Cola European Partners Nederland B.V.
Netherlands
100%
Watermanweg 30, 3067 GG (Rotterdam)
Coca-Cola European Partners Norge AS
Norway
100%
Robsrudskogen 5, 1470 (Lørenskog)
Coca-Cola European Partners Pension Scheme Trustees Limited
United Kingdom
100%
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Coca-Cola European Partners Portugal Unipessoal, LDA
Portugal
100%
Quinta da Salmoura - Cabanas, 2929- 509, Azeitão (Setúbal)
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
149
Name
Country of incorporation
% equity interest
Registered address
Coca-Cola European Partners Services Bulgaria EOOD
Bulgaria
100%
48, Sitnyakovo Blvd, Serdika Center, Office Building, floor 5, 1505 (Sofia)
Coca-Cola European Partners Services Europe Limited
United Kingdom
100%
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Coca-Cola European Partners Services SPRL
Belgium
100%
(C)
Chaussée de Mons 1424, 1070 (Brussels)
Coca-Cola European Partners Sverige AB
Sweden
100%
Dryckesvägen 2 C, 136 87 (Haninge)
Coca-Cola European Partners US II, LLC
United States
100%
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington 19801 (Delaware)
Coca-Cola European Partners US, LLC
United States
100%
Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington 19801 (Delaware)
Coca-Cola Immobilier SCI
France
100%
(G)
9, chemin de Bretagne, 92784 (Issy-les-Moulineaux)
Coca-Cola Production SAS
France
100%
Zone d’entreprises de Bergues, Commune de Socx, 59380 (Bergues)
Compañía Asturiana De Bebidas Gaseosas, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Nava, 18- 3ª (Granda) Siero  - 33006 (Oviedo)
Compañía Castellana De Bebidas Gaseosas, S.L.
Spain
100%
C/ Ribera del loira, 20-22, 2ª Planta - 28042 (Madrid)
Compañía Levantina De Bebidas Gaseosas, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
Av. Real Monasterio de Sta. María de Poblet, 36, 46930 (Quart de Poblet)
Compañía Norteña De Bebidas Gaseosas, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ibaizábal, 57 – 48960 Galdakao (Bizkaia)
Compañía Para La Comunicación De Bebidas Sin Alcohol, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ribera del loira, 20-22, 2ª Planta - 28042 (Madrid)
Conversia IT, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ribera del loira, 20-22, 2ª Planta - 28042 (Madrid)
Developed System Logistics, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
Av. Henry Ford, 25, Manzana 19,  Complejo Pq. Ind. Juan Carlos I , 46220 Picassent (Valencia)
GBH Investment Ireland Limited
Ireland
100%
6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square (Dublin 2)
GBH Luxembourg SARL
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
GH Luxembourg SCS
Luxembourg
100%
(B)
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
GR Bottling Holdings UK Limited
United Kingdom
100%
(A)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Herdt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung i.L
Germany
100%
Karl-Herdt-Weg 100, 63075 (Offenbach)
Infineo Recyclage SAS
France
49%
(H)
Sainte Marie la Blanche – 21200 (Dijon)
Instelling voor Bedrijfspensioenvoorziening Coca-Cola European Partners Belgium/Coca-Cola European Partners Services – Bedienden-Arbeiders OFP
Belgium
100%
Bergensesteenweg 1424 – 1070 (Brussels)
Instelling voor Bedrijfspensioenvoorziening Coca-Cola European Partners Belgium/Coca-Cola European Partners Services – Kaderleden OFP
Belgium
100%
Bergensesteenweg 1424 – 1070 (Brussels)
Iparbal, 99 S.L.
Spain
100%
C/ Ibaizábal, 57 – 48960 Galdakao (Bizkaia)
IPARSOFT, 2004 S.L.
Spain
100%
C/ Ibaizábal, 57 – 48960 Galdakao (Bizkaia)
Kollex GmbH
Germany
33.3%
Torstraße 155, 10115 (Berlin)
Lusobega, S.L.
Spain
100%
C/ Ibaizábal, 57 – 48960 Galdakao (Bizkaia)
Madrid Ecoplatform, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/Pedro Lara, 8 Pq. Tecnológico de Leganes- 28919 (Leganes)
Peña Umbria, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
Av. Real Monasterio de Sta. María de Poblet,36 – 46930 (Quart de Poblet)
Refecon Águas S.A.
Portugal
100%
Quinta da Salmoura - Cabanas-2929- 509 Azeitão  (Setúbal)
Refrescos Envasados Del Sur, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
Autovía del Sur A-IV, km.528- 41309 La Rinconada (Sevilla)
Refrige Sgps, S.A.
Portugal
100%
Quinta da Salmoura- Cabanas, 2929-509 (Azeitão)
Roalba, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ibaizábal, 57 – 48960 Galdakao (Bizkaia)
Solares y Edificios Norteños, S.L.U.
Spain
100%
C/ Ibaizábal, 57 – 48960 Galdakao (Bizkaia)
Svenska Brettbolaget AB
Sweden
19.6%
Greg Turegatan 9, 114 46, (Stockholm)
WB Investment Ireland 2 Limited
Ireland
100%
6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square (Dublin 2)
WB Investment Ireland Limited
Ireland
100%
6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square (Dublin 2)
WBH Holdings Luxembourg SCS
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
WBH Luxembourg SARL
Luxembourg
100%
2, Rue des Joncs, L-1818, Howald
WIH UK Limited
United Kingdom
100%
(A)
Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ
Wir sind Coca-Cola Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
Germany
100%
Stralauer Allee 4, 10245 (Berlin)
(A)
100%
 equity interest directly held by CCEP plc
(B)
Class A and B ordinary shares
(C)
Class A, B and C ordinary shares
(D)
Including preference shares issued to the Group
(E)
38.3%
 equity interest directly held by CCEP plc (
100%
 of A ordinary shares in issue)
(F)
10%
 equity interest directly held by CCEP
(G)
Group shareholding of
99.99%
 or greater
(H)
Class A and B shares. The Group holds
49%
 of Class B shares
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
150
COCA-COLA EUROPEAN PARTNERS PLC
COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

Note

€ thousand

€ thousand
ASSETS

Non-current

Investments
3

21,849,050

21,834,017
Amounts owed by affiliates
6

350,000

350,000
Deferred tax asset
5

4,409

4,456
Other non-current assets

4,064

—
Fixed assets

209

112
Total non-current assets

22,207,732

22,188,585
Current:

Amounts owed by affiliates
6

68,383

561,339
Current derivative assets
4

5,505

4,995
Prepayments

724

382
Trade and other receivables

483

123
Cash

167

132
Total current assets

75,262

566,971
Total assets

22,282,994

22,755,556
LIABILITIES

Non-current:

Borrowings, less current portion
8

4,696,120

2,030,098
Amounts owed to affiliates
7

222,833

2,850,514
Non-current derivative liabilities
4

49,645

214,558
Deferred tax liability
5

1,146

—
Total non-current liabilities

4,969,744

5,095,170
Current:

Amounts owed to affiliates
7

195,453

445,705
Current portion of borrowings
8

470,000

249,915
Trade and other payables

83,076

57,070
Provisions

1,418

2,336
Total current liabilities

749,947

755,026
Total liabilities

5,719,691

5,850,196
EQUITY

Share capital
9

4,749

4,846
Capital redemption reserve
9

124

—
Share premium
9

151,356

126,742
Merger reserves
9

8,465,979

8,465,979
Retained earnings
9

7,941,095

8,307,793
Total equity

16,563,303

16,905,360
Total equity and liabilities

22,282,994

22,755,556
The financial statements were approved by the Directors and authorised for issue on
14 March 2019
. They were signed on its behalf by:
Damian Gammell
Chief Executive Officer
14 March 2019
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
151
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Share capital

Capital redemption reserve

Share premium

Merger reserves

Retained earnings

Total

€ thousand

€ thousand

€ thousand

€ thousand

€ thousand

€ thousand
Balance as at 31 December 2016
4,831

—

113,239

8,465,979

7,989,409

16,573,458
Issue of shares during the year
15

—

13,503

—

—

13,518
Equity-settled share-based payment expense
—

—

—

—

11,781

11,781
Total comprehensive income for the period
—

—

—

—

796,227

796,227
Dividends
—

—

—

—

(489,624
)

(489,624
)
Balance as at 31 December 2017
4,846

—

126,742

8,465,979

8,307,793

16,905,360
Issue of shares during the year
27

—

24,614

—

—

24,641
Equity-settled share-based payment reserves
—

—

—

—

16,158

16,158
Own shares purchased under share buyback programme
(124
)

124

—

—

(502,474
)

(502,474
)
Total comprehensive income for the period
—

—

—

—

633,366

633,366
Dividends*
—

—

—

—

(513,748
)

(513,748
)
Balance as at 31 December 2018
4,749
124

151,356
8,465,979
7,941,095
16,563,303
* Refer to Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements for details on dividends per share.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
152
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1
AUTHORISATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH FRS 101
The financial statements of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (the Company, CCEP) for the period from
1 January 2018
 until 31 December
2018
 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on
14 March 2019
 and the financial statements were signed on the Board’s behalf by Damian Gammell, Chief Executive Officer. Coca-Cola European Partners plc is incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales. CCEP was incorporated as a public company limited by shares under the laws of England and Wales with the registered number in England of 09717350. The address of the Company’s registered office is Coca-Cola European Partners plc, Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ, United Kingdom. Refer to the consolidated accounts for a full list of subsidiaries.
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101, “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (FRS 101) and in accordance with applicable accounting standards. No income statement is presented by the Company as permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006. The profit for the year is €633,366 thousand.
The Company’s financial statements are presented in euros and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (€000) except where otherwise indicated.
The principal accounting policies adopted by the Company are set out in Note 2.
Note 2
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of preparation
The accounting policies that follow set out those policies applied in preparing the financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2018. The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101:
(a)
The requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46 to 52 of IFRS 2, "Share-based Payment"
(b)
The requirements of IFRS 7, “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
(c)
The requirements of paragraphs 91-99 of IFRS 13, “Fair Value Measurement”
(i)
the requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 110 and paragraphs 113(a), 114, 115, 118, 119(a) to (c), 120 to 127 and 129 of IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
(ii)
the requirements of paragraph 52, the second sentence of paragraph 89, and paragraphs 90, 91 and 93 of IFRS 16, “Leases”
(d)
The requirements of paragraph 58 of IFRS 16, “Leases”
(e)
The requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 1, “Presentation of Financial Statements” to present comparative information in respect of:
(i)
paragraph 79(a)(iv) of IAS 1
(ii)
paragraph 73(e) of IAS 16, “Property, Plant and Equipment”
(iii)
paragraph 118(e) of IAS 38, “Intangible Assets”
(iv)
paragraphs 76 and 79(d) of IAS 40, “Investment Property”
(f)
The requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 10(f), 39(c) and 134-136 of IAS 1
(g)
The requirements of IAS 7, “Statement of Cash Flows”
(h)
The requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8, “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors”
(i)
The requirements of paragraph 17 of IAS 24, “Related Party Disclosures”
(j)
The requirements in IAS 24 to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member
(k)
The
requirements of paragraphs 134(d)-134(f) and 135(c)-135(e) of IAS 36, “Impairment of Assets”
Significant accounting policies
a)  Foreign currency translation
The Company’s financial statements are presented in euros, which is also the Company’s functional currency.
Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the entity’s functional currency by applying the spot exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the functional currency rate of exchange ruling at the period end date. All differences are taken to the income statement.
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
153
b) IFRS 16, “Leases”
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, “Leases”. The new standard supersedes IAS 17 and is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The objective of IFRS 16 is to ensure a single lessee accounting model and requires a lessee to recognise assets and liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of low value. IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17 and related interpretations. Accordingly, a lessor continues to classify its leases as operating leases or finance leases and to account for those two types of leases differently.
The lease liability will be initially measured at the present value of lease payments, discounted using incremental borrowing rate. The lease term comprises the non-cancellable period of the contract, together with periods covered by an option to extend the lease whenever the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option. Subsequently, the lease liability will be measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability and reducing it by lease payments made.
Right of use assets will be initially measured at cost, comprising the initial measurement of the lease liability, plus any direct costs and an estimate of asset retirement obligations, less lease incentives.  Subsequently, right of use assets will be measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation will be calculated on a straight line basis over the length of the lease.
The Company intends to apply the simplified transition approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the year prior to first adoption. Right of use assets will be measured at the amount of the lease liability on adoption (adjusted for any prepaid or accrued lease expenses).
On 1 January 2019, the Company expects to recognise right of use assets of approximately €40 million and a corresponding debt liability.
The Company’s activities as a lessor are not material and hence the Company does not expect any significant impact on the financial statements.
c)  Investments
The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists the Company makes an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. Impairment losses on continuing operations are recognised in the income statement in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.
For assets where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or cash generating unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, not to exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment losses been recognised for the asset or cash generating unit in prior years. A reversal of impairment loss is recognised immediately in the Income Statement, unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount when it is treated as a revaluation increase.
d)  Share-based payments
The Company has established share-based payments plans that provide for the granting of non-qualified share options and restricted stock units to certain executive and management level employees that are employed at its subsidiaries. The Company accounts for its share-based payments by applying IFRS 2, “Share-based Payment” and IFRIC 11 - IFRS 2 “Group and Treasury Share Transactions”. The Company incurs an obligation to settle the transactions with the respective employees where a subsidiary receives the services. The transactions are classified as equity-settled because they are settled in equity instruments of the Company.
The Company recharges subsidiaries for the equity it provides to their respective employees upon vesting of the awards.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
154
e)  Financial Instruments
i)  Financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets within the scope of IAS 39, “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, held-to-maturity investments, available-for-sale financial assets or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. The Company determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
All financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus, in the case of investments not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.
The Company’s financial assets include cash and short-term deposits, trade and other receivables, loan notes, and derivative financial instruments.
Subsequent measurement
The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling in the near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IAS 39. The Company has not designated any financial assets upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.
Derivatives, including separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in finance revenue or finance expense in the income statement.
Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. Such assets are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method, less impairment. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included in finance revenue in the income statement. Losses arising from impairment are recognised in the income statement in other operating expenses.
ii)  Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. The Company determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition. All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and in the case of loans and borrowings, plus directly attributable transaction costs.
Subsequent measurement
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss includes financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.
Interest bearing loans and borrowings
Obligations for loans and borrowings are recognised when the Company becomes party to the related contracts and are measured initially at the fair value of consideration received less directly attributable transaction costs.
After initial recognition, interest bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Gains and losses arising on the repurchase, settlement or other cancellation of liabilities are recognised respectively in finance revenue and finance cost.
iii)  Derivative financial instruments and hedging
The Company utilises derivative financial instruments to mitigate its exposure to certain market risks associated with its ongoing operations. The primary risks that it seeks to manage through the use of derivative financial instruments include currency exchange risk. All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value on the statement of financial position. The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
155
f)  Trade and other payables
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided prior to the end of period which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, as needed.
g)  Cash at bank and in hand
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprises of cash at banks.
h)  Income taxes
Income tax is determined by using the comprehensive balance sheet method of accounting for income taxes which recognises current and future tax consequences of transactions and events, and future tax consequences of future recovery or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities.
Current income tax
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the Company and/or its subsidiaries operate. Current income tax relating to items recognised directly in equity is not recognised in the income statement. The Company periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establish provisions where appropriate.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is determined by identifying the temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
•
when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or
•
in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and interests in joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled by the Company and/or its subsidiaries and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:
•
when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or
•
in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
156
Note 3
INVESTMENTS

2018

2017

€ thousand

€ thousand
Balance at 1 January

21,834,017

21,818,126
Subsequent investment in subsidiaries

27,093

3,000
Capitalised/vested share-based payments, net

(12,060
)

12,891
Balance at 31 December

21,849,050

21,834,017
The investments in subsidiaries represent the Company’s investment, mainly created after the Merger in 2016 in the businesses of CCE, CCIP and CCEG. Investments in subsidiaries are shown at cost less provision for impairment. Management performed an impairment assessment of the investments in subsidiaries balance and concluded that the carrying value of the investments does not exceed the recoverable amount.
During the year ended 31 December 2018, certain Group reorganisation activities between wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company resulted in a charge of €5.7 billion in the Company income statement. However, there was an equal and offsetting amount of dividend income received in connection with these transactions, resulting in a zero net impact on the Company’s statement of comprehensive income.
Note 4
DERIVATIVE ASSETS / LIABILITIES

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ thousand

€ thousand
Current derivative assets:

Foreign currency contracts

5,505

4,995
Total current derivative assets

5,505

4,995
Total derivative assets

5,505

4,995

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ thousand

€ thousand
Non-current derivative liabilities:

Foreign currency contracts

49,645

214,558
Total non-current derivative liabilities

49,645

214,558
Total derivative liabilities

49,645

214,558
The Company uses cash flow hedges to mitigate its exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to currency fluctuations associated with certain forecasted transactions including the receipt of interest and principal on intercompany loans denominated in non-functional currencies and the payment of interest and principal on debt issuances in non-functional currencies. The derivative instruments are classified as level 2.
Note 5
DEFERRED TAXES

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ thousand

€ thousand
Deferred tax on foreign currency contracts

4,409

4,456
Other deferred tax items

(1,146
)

—
Total deferred tax

3,263

4,456
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
157
Note 6
AMOUNTS OWED BY AFFILIATES

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ thousand

€ thousand
Non-current amounts owed by affiliates:

Loans

350,000

350,000
Total non-current amounts owed by affiliates

350,000

350,000
Current amounts owed by affiliates:

Trade receivables

68,383

2,307
Loans

—

434,896
Cash pool receivables

—

123,713
Other

—

423
Total current amounts owed by affiliates

68,383

561,339
Total amounts owed by affiliates

418,383

911,339
Affiliates represent direct and indirect subsidiaries of CCEP. During 2018 €9.3 million of interest income recognised in 2017 relating to affiliate receivables was forgiven and recognised as finance cost.
Note 7
AMOUNTS OWED TO AFFILIATES

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ thousand

€ thousand
Non-current amounts owed to affiliates:

Borrowings

222,833

2,850,514
Total non-current amounts owed to affiliates

222,833

2,850,514
Current amounts owed to affiliates:

Cash pool payables

150,984

—
Trade and other payables

41,830

8,211
Interest payables

2,619

11,162
Borrowings

20

426,332
Total current amounts owed to affiliates

195,453

445,705
Total amounts owed to affiliates

418,286

3,296,219
Affiliates represent direct and indirect subsidiaries of CCEP.
Note 8
BORROWINGS

31 December 2018

31 December 2017

€ thousand

€ thousand
Non-current borrowings:

Loan notes

4,696,120

2,030,098
Total non-current borrowings

4,696,120

2,030,098
Current borrowings:

Loan notes

350,000

—
Commercial paper

120,000

249,915
Total current borrowings

470,000

249,915
Total borrowings

5,166,120

2,280,013
The non-current borrowings as at 31 December 2018 represent loan notes due between September 2020 and March 2030. When including interest on the floating rate notes as at 31 December 2018, the interest rates on these loan notes is between 0% and 4.5%. The principal amounts are €4,616 million (2017: €2,050 million). The loan notes are stated net of unamortised financing fees of €23 million (2017: €20 million). During 2018, loan notes increased due to Group reorganisation activities between wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company as a result of the simplification of the Group’s debt and capital structure.
The current borrowings as at 31 December 2018 represent Eurobond notes due in December 2019 with a rate of 2% and euro commercial paper maturing in January 2019 with negative interest rates from 0.28% to 0.35%.
The balance in trade and other payables includes interest payable on the borrowings of €41 million (2017: €13 million).
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
158
Note 9
EQUITY
Share capital
As at 31 December 2018, the Company has issued and fully paid 474,920,066 ordinary shares with a nominal value of
€0.01
 per share. Shares in issue have one voting right each and no restrictions related to dividends or return on capital. For more details please refer to
Note 14
 from the consolidated financial statements.
In connection with the share buyback programme that commenced in 2018, 12,429,600 shares were cancelled.
Capital redemption reserve
Refer to Note 14 from the consolidated financial statements for more details on the capital redemption reserve.
Share premium
The balance in share premium as at 31 December 2018 represents the excess over nominal value of €0.01 for the 228,244,244 shares issued to CCE shareholders on 28 May 2016 based on the adjusted closing stock price of CCE ordinary shares of €33.33 at the time of the Merger. The balance also includes €46,258 thousand excess over nominal value of share-based payments awarded through to         31 December 2018.
Merger reserves
The Company determined that the consideration transferred to acquire CCIP and CCEG qualified for merger relief under the UK Companies Act of 2006, therefore, the excess consideration transferred over nominal value is excluded from share premium. The cumulative balance of €8.5 billion includes the consideration transferred in excess of nominal value of €0.01 for CCIP and CCEG of €5.5 billion and €2.9 billion, respectively.
Retained earnings
The balance in retained earnings represents opening balance on 1 January 2018, combined with the result for the period and the share-based payment reserve.
Dividends
Dividends are recorded within the financial statements in the period in which they are paid. Please refer to
Note 14
 from the consolidated financial statements.
Note 10
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2018, the Company does not have any material contingent liabilities.
Note 11
AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
Refer to
Note 15
 of the consolidated financial statements for details of the remuneration of the Company’s auditor on a Group basis.
Note 12
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
Refer to the Directors’ Remuneration Report for details of the remuneration of the Company’s Directors.
Note 13
EMPLOYEE NUMBERS AND COSTS
In November 2018, certain employees including members of the executive leadership team were transferred to the Company from its subsidiary Coca-Cola European Partners Great Britain Limited. At the year end, the Company employed 12 employees with a total cost for salary and benefits of €2.3 million.
This page does not form part of Coca-Cola European Partners plc Integrated Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2018 as filed with the SEC
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
159
RISK FACTORS
This section examines the underlying factors contributing to the risks Coca-Cola European Partners (CCEP) faces as a business. These risks may change over time.
Changing consumer preferences and the health impact of soft drinks
Health concerns could reduce consumer demand for some of our products, impacting our financial performance.
There is continued public concern about the public health consequences of obesity, particularly among young people. Some researchers, health advocates, and dietary guidelines suggest that consumption of sugar sweetened beverages is a primary cause of increased obesity rates, and are encouraging consumers to reduce or eliminate consumption of such products. In addition, governments have introduced stronger regulations around the marketing, labelling, packaging, or sale of sugar sweetened beverages. These concerns and regulations could reduce demand for, or increase the cost of, our sugar sweetened beverages.
Health and wellness trends among consumers have also led to an increased demand for low-calorie soft drinks, water, enhanced water, isotonics, energy drinks, teas, and beverages with natural sweeteners. If we fail to meet this demand by not providing a broad enough range of these types of products, this could adversely affect our business and financial results.
Legal and regulatory intervention
Legislative or regulatory changes (including changes to tax laws) that affect our products, distribution, or packaging could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs.
CCEP’s business model depends on making our products and packages available in multiple channels and locations. Laws that restrict our ability to do this could negatively impact our financial results. These include laws affecting the promotion and distribution of our products, laws that require deposit return schemes (DRSs) to be introduced for certain types of packages, or laws that limit our ability to design new packages or market certain packages.
In addition, taxes or other charges imposed on the sale of our products could increase costs or cause consumers to purchase fewer of them. Many countries in Europe, including countries in which CCEP operates, are looking into implementing or increasing such taxes.
For example:
•
From 1 January 2018, Belgium, Portugal and Norway all increased the excise taxes on sugared (or other sweetened) products
•
From April 2018, the UK introduced a levy on sugared soft drinks
•
From July 2018 France increased the tax on our products modulated by sugar levels

In addition, as part of the European Strategy for Plastics in a Circular Economy (EU Plastics Strategy), the European Commission presented a Proposal for a Directive on the reduction of the impact of certain plastic products on the environment (the so called draft Single Use Plastics (SUP) Directive) in May 2018. The draft SUP Directive imposes provisions and targets on EU member states for the collection and recycling of single use plastics, as well as some specific provisions for the collection, recycling, recycled content, and design of plastic beverage bottles. One of the design requirements in the draft SUP Directive for plastic beverage bottles is that caps and lids made of plastic must remain attached to the container during the product’s intended use (so called tethered caps).
In addition to legislative initiatives at EU level, several countries in which we operate also have or are planning other legislative or regulatory measures to reduce the use of single use plastics, including plastic beverage bottles, and/or to increase plastic collection and recycling. Such measures may include implementing a DRS under which a deposit fee is added to the consumer price, which is refunded to them if and when the bottle is returned. Other measures may include rules on recycled content, individual collection or recycling targets, or a ”plastic tax”.
DRSs for plastic beverage bottles currently exist in some of the countries in which we do business, such as in Norway (which is part of the EEA but is not an EU member state), the Netherlands, Germany and Sweden. Other countries (such as Scotland and Portugal) have announced that they will introduce a DRS for beverage packaging in the coming years. Some countries are considering extending their existing schemes (such as the Netherlands), or are issuing public consultations on the topic (such as in the rest of the UK and France).
In addition to the regulations on packaging, plastic and waste in general, concern over climate change has led to more environmental legislative and regulatory initiatives at an EU and national level. These cover areas such as greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, water use and energy efficiency.
Additional taxes levied on CCEP could harm our financial results.
CCEP’s tax filings for various periods are subject to current or future audit by tax authorities in most countries in which we do business. These audits may result, or have resulted, in assessments of additional taxes, as well as interest and/or penalties, and could affect our financial results.
For example, the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) may seek to examine the Merger between CCE, CCEG and CCIP, and may not agree with our positions, potentially causing material adverse tax consequences. Although we believe that our positions with respect to the Merger are consistent with relevant authorities, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary view.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
162
Changes in tax laws, regulations, court rulings, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in countries in which we operate or if we are unsuccessful in defending our tax positions may adversely affect our financial results.
Additionally, amounts we may need to repatriate for the payment of dividends, share repurchases, interest on debt, salaries and other costs may be subject to additional taxation when repatriated.
CCEP may be exposed to risks in relation to compliance with anti-corruption laws and other key regulations and economic sanctions programmes.
CCEP and its subsidiaries are required to comply with the laws and regulations of the various countries in which they conduct business, as well as certain laws of other countries, including the US. In particular, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and other key regulations such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA), the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010 (UKBA), the corporate criminal offence provisions of the UK Criminal Finances Act 2017, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Spanish and Portuguese Criminal Codes and Sapin II. We are also subject to economic sanction programmes, including those administered by the United Nations, the EU and the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury (OFAC), and regulations set forth under the US Comprehensive Iran Accountability Divestment Act.
In Europe, GDPR requirements came into force on 25 May 2018. A GDPR data breach could lead to fines of up to 4% of our global annual turnover, as well as negatively affect our reputation.
The FCPA prohibits providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper business advantage (active bribery). In our business dealings we may deal with both governments and state owned business enterprises, the employees of which are considered foreign officials for the purposes of the FCPA.
The provisions of the UKBA extend beyond bribery of foreign public officials, covering both public and private sector bribery. They are more onerous than the FCPA in a number of respects, including jurisdiction, non-exemption of facilitation payments, the receipt of bribery (passive bribery), penalties and in some cases imprisonment.
We do not currently operate in jurisdictions that are subject to territorial sanction imposed by OFAC or other relevant sanction authorities. However, such economic sanction programmes will restrict our ability to engage or confirm business dealings with certain sanctioned countries and with sanctioned parties.
Violations of the above, including GDPR, anti-corruption sanctions, competition law or other applicable laws and regulations are punishable by civil and sometimes criminal penalties for individuals and companies. These penalties can vary from fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts (and termination of existing contracts) to revocations or restrictions of licences, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. Potentially any violation within one of these compliance risk areas could have an impact on our reputation and consequently on our ability to win future business.

Having effective compliance programmes in place can never give the assurance that related  policies or procedures will be followed at all times, or always detect and prevent violations of the applicable laws by our employees, consultants, agents or partners.
Legal changes could affect our status as a foreign corporation for US federal income tax purposes, or limit the US tax benefits we receive from engaging in certain transactions.
In general, for US federal income tax purposes, a corporation is considered a tax resident in the jurisdiction of its organisation or incorporation. Because CCEP is incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, it would generally be classified as a non-US corporation (and therefore a non-US tax resident) under these rules. However, section 7874 of the US Internal Revenue Code (IRC) of 1986, as amended, provides an exception under which a non-US incorporated entity may, in certain circumstances, be treated as a US corporation for US federal income tax purposes.
Under current law, CCEP expects to be treated as a non-US corporation for US federal income tax purposes. However, section 7874 of the IRC and the related US Treasury Regulations are complex and there is limited guidance as to their application. In addition, changes to section 7874 of the IRC or the US Treasury Regulations could adversely affect CCEP’s status as a foreign corporation for US federal tax purposes, and any such changes could have prospective or retroactive application. If CCEP were to be treated as a US corporation for US federal income tax purposes, it could be subject to materially greater US tax liability than as a non-US corporation.
Future changes to US, UK and other tax laws to which CCEP is subject could adversely affect our business.
In the US, the UK and other countries in which CCEP and its affiliates do business, government agencies such as the US Congress and HM Revenue and Customs are looking into a number of issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. One key area of focus is “base erosion and profit shifting”, where multinational groups artificially shift profits from a higher tax jurisdiction to a lower tax jurisdiction. As a result, tax laws in these countries could change on a prospective or retroactive basis. Any such changes could adversely affect our business and its affiliates, and there is no assurance that we would be able to maintain any particular worldwide effective corporate tax rate.
Our business may be subject to US federal tax withholding as a result of the subscription for CCEP shares in exchange for property.
If certain US Treasury regulations applied, our business could be treated as having received a distribution as a result of the subscription for CCEP shares by a US company. The amount of such deemed distribution could be substantial, and would be subject to US withholding tax (at a rate of 5%) under the United Kingdom-United States Tax Treaty.
We do not believe that such regulations apply under the particular facts and circumstances of the Merger. However, there can be no assurance that the US Internal Revenue Service will not take a contrary view.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
163
US federal income tax reform could adversely affect us.
On 22 December 2017, the US enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the US Tax Act), which implements a broad range of changes to the IRC. The US Tax Act, among other things, includes changes to US federal tax rates, imposes significant additional limitations on the deductibility of interest and net operating losses and allows for the expensing of certain capital expenditures. It also puts into effect a number of changes impacting operations outside the US. These include, but are not limited to, the imposition of a one time tax on accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income that has not previously been subject to tax, and modifications to the treatment of certain intercompany transactions.
While CCEP is a UK listed and tax resident entity, we have a number of subsidiaries outside the UK, including a US incorporated holding company that is wholly owned by the Company. CCEP has analysed and accounted for the effects of this new legislation in its 2017 and 2018 consolidated financial statements. However, the amounts recorded are based on the most recently available information and the impact of the tax legislation may ultimately differ from these amounts, possibly materially. This could be due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions made, additional guidance that may be issued and future actions taken by CCEP as a result of the tax legislation. See Note 18 of the consolidated financial statements for more details about the accounting impacts of the US Tax Act.
Packaging and plastics
Global issues such as climate change, resource scarcity, marine litter and water scarcity, and the legal and regulatory responses to these issues, could adversely impact our business.
Climate change  - caused by greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in part from businesses such as ours  - is resulting in global average temperature increases and extreme weather conditions around the world. This has an adverse impact on our business. CCEP depends on water (see below), and climate change may exacerbate water scarcity and cause a deterioration of water quality in affected regions. It could also decrease agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world, which could limit the availability or increase the cost of key raw materials that we use to produce our products. More frequent extreme weather events, such as storms or floods in our territories, could disrupt our facilities and distribution network, further impacting our business.
Concern over climate change has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives aimed at limiting GHG emissions. Policy makers continue to consider proposals that could impose mandatory requirements on GHG emissions reduction and reporting. Other climate laws could affect other areas of our business, such as production, distribution, packaging or the cost of raw materials. This in turn could impact our business and financial results.
Waste and pollution - particularly plastic and packaging waste - is another global issue affecting our business. Although the vast majority of our packaging is fully recyclable, it is not always collected for recycling across our territories, and can end up as litter or marine litter. Concern over litter, marine litter and the environmental impacts of our packaging has led to laws and regulations that aim to increase the collection and recycling of our packs, reduce packaging waste and littering and introduce specific design requirements related to our packaging.

If we fail to engage sufficiently with stakeholders to address concerns about packaging and recycling, it could result in higher costs through packaging taxes, producer responsibility reform, damage to corporate reputation or investor confidence and a reduction of consumer acceptance of our products and packaging.
Water is the primary ingredient in all of our products. It is also vital to our manufacturing processes and is needed to produce the agricultural ingredients that are essential to our business. Water scarcity and a deterioration in the quality of available water sources in our territories or our supply chain, even if temporary, may result in increased production costs or capacity constraints. This could adversely affect our ability to produce and sell our beverages, and increase our costs.
As part of our commitment to addressing our climate change impacts, we are investing in technologies that improve the energy efficiency of our operations and reduce GHG emissions related to our packaging, cold drinks equipment and transportation. In general, the cost of these investments is greater than investments in less energy efficient technologies, and the period of return is often longer. Although we believe these investments will provide long-term benefits, there is a risk that we may not always achieve our desired returns.
Competitiveness and transformation
CCEP may not identify sufficient initiatives to realise its cost saving goals to stay competitive.
Following the completion of our integration plan and delivery of the committed synergy savings, we are now implementing a programme of continuous improvements. This strategic cost management programme targets to ensure our competitiveness in the future and encompasses three areas: technology transformation, continuous supply chain improvements, and working efficiently with our partners and franchisors. The focus of these initiatives are to offset potential future increases in costs, such as material or headcount.
The programme is highly complex due to its multi functional and multi country nature of initiatives which cover many parts of our business. Ineffective coordination and control over the single initiatives and interdependencies between business units and central functions could result in failing to realise the expected benefits. The continuous change might trigger change fatigue among our staff or social unrest in the event that such changes result in industrial action.
Labour and union unrest.
We have implemented significant restructuring across all countries and functions since CCEP was established, resulting in redundancies. We continue to look at opportunities to increase CCEP competitiveness. In the event that these have an impact on employees, we would engage with our employees representatives, as appropriate. We would ensure that any industrial unrest would be mitigated through open social dialogue.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
164
Miscalculation of CCEP’s need for infrastructure investment could impact its financial results.
In order to deliver on our investing for growth programme, we are making investments in our infrastructure, including cold drink, fleet, technology, sales force, digital capability and production equipment.
There is a risk that these investments do not generate the projected returns, either because of market or technological changes, or because the projected requirements of these investments may differ from actual levels if our volume growth or product demands are not as anticipated.
Our infrastructure investments are anticipated to be long-term in nature, and it is possible that they may not generate the expected return due to future changes in the marketplace. This could adversely affect CCEP’s financial results.
Technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business.
CCEP relies extensively on information technology (IT) systems to process, transmit, store and protect electronic information. For example, our production and distribution facilities and inventory management all use IT to maximise efficiencies and minimise costs. Communication between our employees, customers, and suppliers also depends, to a large extent, on IT.
Our IT systems may be vulnerable to interruptions due to events that may be beyond our control. These include, but are not limited to, natural disasters, telecommunications failures and security issues. We have IT security processes and disaster recovery plans in place, but they may not be adequate or implemented effectively enough to ensure that our operations are not disrupted.
We continually invest in IT to ensure our technology solutions are current and up to date. If we miscalculate the level of investment needed, our software, hardware and maintenance practices could become out of date, and this could result in disruptions to our business.
In addition, when we implement new systems or system upgrades (such as SAP), there is a risk that our business may be temporarily disrupted during the implementation period.
We may not be able to execute our strategy to pursue suitable acquisitions or may have difficulty integrating acquired businesses.
Our strategy involves, in part, pursuing disciplined and attractive investments, which are intended to create a positive net present value for total shareholder return. Our efforts to execute this strategy may be affected by our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets and negotiate and close acquisition and development transactions. Further, to the extent that we are able to identify suitable investments, there are risks that integration of those investments does not proceed as anticipated or that management attention is diverted by such opportunities, and there is no guarantee that these investments will support the growth of CCEP or achieve the intended return.
Cyber and social engineering attacks
Cyber attacks, or a deficiency in CCEP’s cyber-security, could negatively impact our business.
As our reliance on technology increases, so will the risks posed to our internal and third party systems from cyber incidents.

A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our data or information systems. It could involve gaining unauthorised access to systems, either unintentionally or through an intentional attack (such as a terrorist attack, hacking or a computer virus) in order to disrupt operations, corrupt data, or steal confidential information.
A cyber incident could disrupt our operations, compromise or corrupt private data, or damage our brand image. All of these outcomes could negatively impact our financial results.
The market
We may not be able to respond successfully to changes in the marketplace.
CCEP operates in the highly competitive beverage industry and faces strong competition from other general and speciality beverage companies. Our response to continued and increased competitor and customer consolidations and marketplace competition may result in lower than expected net pricing of our products.
Changes in our relationships with large customers may adversely impact our financial results.
A significant amount of our volume is sold through large retail chains, including supermarkets and wholesalers. Many of these customers are becoming more consolidated, which increases their purchasing power. They may, at times, seek to use this to improve their profitability through lower prices, increased emphasis on generic and other private label brands, or increased promotional programmes.
Competition from hard discount retailers and online retailers continues to challenge traditional retail outlets. This can increase the pressure on all customer margins, which may then be reflected in pressure on suppliers such as CCEP.
In addition, a customer may choose to temporarily stop selling some of our products as a result of a dispute we may be having with them.
These factors, as well as others, could have a negative impact on the availability of CCEP’s products, and our profitability.
Economic and political conditions
The deterioration of global and local economic conditions could adversely affect CCEP’s business performance and share price.
Our performance is closely linked to the economic cycle in the countries, regions and cities where we operate. Normally, strong economic growth in these areas results in greater demand for our products, while slow economic growth or economic contraction decreases demand and drives down sales.
For example, adverse economic conditions may result in consumers choosing to purchase cheaper private label brands, or avoiding buying beverage products altogether. Those consumers who do continue to buy our products may shift away from higher margin products and packages. A weak economic climate could also increase the likelihood of customer delinquencies and bankruptcies, which would increase the risk of accounts being deemed uncollectable. Each of these factors could adversely affect our business, operational results, financial condition and share price.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
165
Economic growth, globally and in the EU, faces a slowdown and markets continue to be volatile, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Concerns remain about future interest rate increases, and there is continuing uncertainty around the Eurozone crisis. Sovereign debt concerns in certain territories, whether real or perceived, could result in the availability of capital to be limited, which may restrict our liquidity.
Even in the absence of a market downturn, CCEP is exposed to substantial risk from volatility in areas such as consumer spending and capital markets conditions, which affect the business and economic environment. This in turn may affect our business performance and share price.
Beyond the international economic situation, there is growing political uncertainty stemming from the growth of anti-EU political parties, the emergence of political forces with alternative economic priorities in EU member states, and concerns about independence movements within the EU. This uncertainty could affect the economic situation in the Eurozone, which could negatively impact our business and financial results.
Increases in costs, limitation of supplies, or lower than expected quality of raw materials could harm our financial results.
The cost of our raw materials, ingredients or packaging materials could increase over time. If that happens, and if we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our customers in the form of higher prices, our financial results could be adversely affected.
We use supplier pricing agreements and derivative financial instruments to manage volatility and market risk for certain commodities. Generally, these hedging instruments establish the purchase price for these commodities before the time of delivery. These pricing positions are taken in line with the Board’s agreed risk policy and the impact of these positions are known and forecasted in our financial results. This may lock CCEP into prices that are ultimately greater or lower than the actual market price at the time of delivery.
We continue to experience volatility in commodity prices mainly driven by political uncertainty, increased protectionist policies and volatility impacts of capital markets. Due to this, some of our suppliers have restricted our ability to hedge prices through supplier agreements. As a result, we have expanded our non-designated hedging programmes. We expect to continue to expand them in future.
Our suppliers could be adversely affected by a number of external events. These could include strikes, adverse weather conditions, speculation, abnormally high demand, governmental controls, new taxes, national emergencies, natural disasters and insolvency. If this happens, and we are unable to find an alternative source for our materials, our cost of sales, revenues, and ability to manufacture and distribute products could be adversely affected.
The quality of the materials or finished goods delivered to us could be lower than expected. If this happens, we may need to substitute those items for ones that meet our standards, or replace underperforming suppliers. This could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business.

Changes in interest rates or our debt rating could harm our financial results and financial position.
CCEP is subject to interest rate risk, and changes in our debt rating could have a material adverse effect on interest costs and debt financing sources. Our debt rating can be materially influenced by a range of factors, including our financial performance, acquisitions, and investment decisions, as well as the capital management activities of TCCC and changes in the debt rating of TCCC.
Changes in the stability of the euro could significantly impact our financial results and ultimately hinder our competitiveness in the marketplace.
There are concerns regarding the short and long-term stability of the euro and pound sterling and the euro’s ability to serve as a single currency for a number of individual countries. These concerns could lead individual countries to revert, or threaten to revert, to local currencies. In more extreme circumstances, they could exit from the EU, and the Eurozone could be dissolved entirely.
Should this occur, the assets we hold in a country that reintroduces local currency could be subject to significant changes in value when expressed in euros. Furthermore, the full or partial dissolution of the euro, the exit of one or more EU member states from the EU or the full dissolution of the EU could cause significant volatility and disruption to the global economy. This could affect our ability to access capital at acceptable financing costs, the availability of supplies and materials, and demand for our products, all of which could impact our financial results.
Finally, if it becomes necessary for us to conduct our business in additional currencies, we would be subjected to additional earnings volatility as amounts in these currencies are translated into euros.
The UK’s exit from the EU could impact our profits.
We face potential risks associated with the UK’s vote to leave the EU and its negotiations over the terms of its leaving. This could materially and adversely affect the operational, regulatory, currency, insurance and tax regime to which we are currently subject. It could also result in prolonged uncertainty regarding aspects of the UK economy and damage customers’ and investors’ confidence.
Were these risks to materialise, the effect could be to increase our operating costs, and restrict the movement of capital and the mobility of personnel. It could also materially affect our tax position, business results and financial position.
Political instability could impact our operations and profits.
We continue to be exposed to risks associated with political instability in different parts of our territories. For example, the instability in Catalonia impacting the Spanish Economy and the “Gilet Jaunes” movement in France impacting the French Economy.
Such instability could result in prolonged political, economic and operational uncertainty for our business, our customers and consumers, with potential impacts on tourism, private consumption and regulation.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
166
Default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur losses.
We are exposed to the risk of default by, or failure of, counterparty financial institutions with which we do business. This risk may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets.
If one of our counterparties became insolvent or filed for bankruptcy, our ability to recover amounts owed from or held in accounts with the counterparty may be limited. In this event we could incur losses, which could negatively impact our results and financial condition.
The relationship with TCCC and other franchisors
Our business success, including our financial results, depends on our relationship with TCCC and other franchisors.
More than 90% of our revenue for the year ended 31 December 2018 was derived from the distribution of beverages under agreements with TCCC. We make, sell and distribute products of TCCC through fixed term bottling agreements with TCCC, which typically include the following terms:
•
We purchase our entire requirement of concentrates and syrups for Coca-Cola trademark beverages (sparkling beverages bearing the trademark “Coca-Cola” or the “Coke” brand name) and allied beverages (beverages of TCCC or its subsidiaries that are sparkling beverages, but not Coca-Cola trademark beverages or energy drinks) from TCCC. Prices, terms of payment, and other terms and conditions of supply are determined from time to time by TCCC at its sole discretion.
•
There are no limits on the prices that TCCC may charge for concentrate. TCCC maintains current effective concentrate incidence at the same levels that CCE, CCIP and CCEG had in place before the Merger, provided certain specific mutually agreed metrics are achieved.
•
Much of the marketing and promotional support that we receive from TCCC is at TCCC’s discretion. Programmes may contain requirements, or be subject to conditions, established by TCCC that we may not be able to achieve or satisfy. The terms of most of the marketing programmes do not and will not contain an express obligation for TCCC to participate in future programmes or continue past levels of payments into the future.
•
Our bottling agreements with TCCC are for fixed terms, and most of them are renewable only at the discretion of TCCC at the conclusion of their terms. A decision by TCCC not to renew a fixed term bottling agreement at the end of its term could substantially and adversely affect our financial results.
•
We are obligated to maintain sound financial capacity to perform our duties, as required and determined by TCCC at its sole discretion. These duties include, but are not limited to, making certain investments in marketing activities to stimulate the demand for products in our territories and making infrastructure improvements to ensure our facilities and distribution network are capable of handling the demand for these beverages.
Disagreements with TCCC concerning business issues may lead TCCC to act adversely to our interests with respect to these relationships.

Product quality
Our business could be adversely affected if CCEP, TCCC or other franchisors and manufacturers of the products we distribute are unable to maintain a positive brand image as a result of product quality issues.
Our success depends on our products, and those of TCCC and other licensors, having a positive brand image among customers and consumers. Product quality issues, whether real or perceived, or allegations of product contamination, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of products and result in customers and consumers choosing other products.
Product liability claims or product recalls could also negatively impact our brand image and business results. We could be liable if the consumption of our products causes injury or illness. We could also be required to recall products if they become or are perceived to become contaminated, or are damaged or mislabelled.
Adverse publicity around health and wellness concerns, water usage, customer disputes, labour relations, product ingredients, recovery, and the environmental impact of products could negatively affect our overall reputation and our products’ acceptance by our customers and consumers. This could happen even when the publicity results from actions occurring outside our territory or control. Similarly, if product quality issues arise from products not manufactured by us but imported into one of our territories, our reputation and consumer goodwill could be damaged.
Through social media, people and NGOs can spread opinions about our business, including the safety or health impact of our products, to an increasingly wider audience at a faster pace. If we fail to respond to any negative opinions effectively and in a timely manner, this could harm the perception of our brands and damage our reputation, regardless of the validity of the statements.
Other risks
Our business is vulnerable to products being imported from outside its territories, which adversely affects our sales.
The territories in which we operate are susceptible to the import of products manufactured by bottlers from countries outside our territories, where prices and costs are lower. When these imports come from members of the European Economic Area (EEA), we are generally prohibited from taking action to stop such imports.
Adverse weather conditions could limit the demand for our products.
Our sales are significantly influenced by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. In particular, due to the seasonality of our business, cold or wet weather during the summer months may have a negative impact on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales. This could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
167
Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our business and financial results.
Our business may be affected by major IT outages, large scale natural disasters or terrorist acts, especially those occurring in our territories or other major industrialised countries. Other catastrophic events that could affect our business include the loss of key employees, shortages of key raw materials, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities or widespread outbreaks of infectious disease.
Such events in the geographic regions where we do business could have a material impact on our sales volume, cost of sales, earnings, and overall financial condition.
Legal claims against our vendors could affect their ability to provide us with products and services, which could negatively impact our financial results.
Many of our vendors supply us with products and services that rely on certain intellectual property rights or other proprietary information, and are subject to other third party rights, laws and regulations. If these vendors face legal claims brought by third parties or regulatory authorities, they could be required to pay large settlements or even cease providing us with products and services as well as exposing CCEP to risk.
These outcomes could require us to change vendors or develop replacement solutions or be subject to third party claims. This could result in business inefficiencies or higher costs, which could negatively impact CCEP’s financial results.
Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
CCEP is a party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these claims and proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavourable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves or disclose the relevant claims or proceedings, as appropriate.
These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgement. As a result, actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those in the current assessments and estimates.
We have bottling and other business operations in markets with strong legal compliance environments. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance with all laws and regulations that apply to our business operations, including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Those policies are supported by leadership and are ingrained in our business through our compliance culture and training. Nonetheless, we cannot guarantee that our employees will always ensure full compliance with all applicable legal requirements.
Improper conduct by our employees could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines as well as disgorgement of profits.

Increases in the cost of wages and employee benefits, including pension retirement benefits, could impact our financial results and cash flow.
We have a number of important collective bargaining agreements to be negotiated during 2019.  Wage increases and other employee benefit costs above what we have budgeted for would be detrimental to our operating income.
TCCC and Olive Partners, S.A. (Olive Partners) hold a significant interest in CCEP and their interests may differ from or conflict with those of our public shareholders.
Around 18% and 35% of CCEP’s shares are owned by European Refreshments (a wholly-owned subsidiary of TCCC) and Olive Partners respectively. Both TCCC and Olive Partners possess sufficient voting power to have a significant influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval, subject to our Articles of Association and the Shareholders’ Agreement.
The interests of TCCC and Olive Partners may not always align with the interests of our other shareholders. If the shares owned by European Refreshments and Olive Partners were voted in the same manner on any shareholder proposal, they would control the outcome on any proposal that requires a simple majority vote of our shareholders. Other shareholders will have more limited influence over proposals that require a shareholder vote and proposals that require approval of Board members appointed under the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement, whether or not they vote in the same manner on a shareholder proposal.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
168
OTHER GROUP INFORMATION
Shareholder information
The Company was incorporated in England and Wales on 4 August 2015, as a private company under the Companies Act 2006 (the Companies Act). On 4 May 2016, the Company was reregistered as a public company limited by shares and changed its name from Coca-Cola European Partners Limited to     Coca-Cola European Partners plc. It is registered at Companies House, Cardiff, under company number 9717350. The business address for Directors and senior management is Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ, England. The main switchboard telephone number is 01895 231313.
The Company is resident in the UK for tax purposes. Its primary objective is to make, sell and distribute ready to drink beverages.
Annual General Meeting
The Company’s 2019 Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held at Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1EZ in May 2019. Registered shareholders will be sent a Notice of AGM or notice of availability of the Notice of AGM closer to the time of the meeting.
Investor calendar
Ex-dividend date for interim H1 dividend
(A)
23 May 2019
Record date for interim H1 dividend
(A)
24 May 2019
Interim H1 dividend payment date
(A)
6 June 2019
AGM
May 2019
Ex-dividend date for H2 interim dividend
(A)
18 November 2019
Record date for interim H2 dividend
(A)
19 November 2019
Interim H2 dividend payment date
(A)
3 December 2019
(A)
Subject to Board approval.
Directors and senior management
Biographies of the Board of Directors and senior management are set out on pages 50 to 54. Sol Daurella and Alfonso Líbano Daurella are first cousins.

Service contracts and loss of office arrangements
It is the Remuneration Committee’s policy that there should be no element of reward for failure. When considering payments in the event of a loss of office, it takes account of the individual circumstances, including the reason for the loss of office, Group and individual performance, contractual obligations of both parties as well as share and pension plan rules.
Service contracts for Executive Directors provide for a notice period of not more than 12 months from CCEP and not more than 12 months from the individual. The standard Executive Director service contract does not confer any right to additional payments in the event of termination. However, it does reserve the right for the Group to impose garden leave (i.e. leave with pay) on the Executive Director during any notice period. In the event of redundancy, benefits would be paid according to CCEP’s UK redundancy policy prevailing at that time. Executive Directors may be eligible for a pro rata bonus for the period served, subject to performance, but no bonus will be paid in the event of gross misconduct. The treatment of unvested long-term incentive awards is governed by the rules of the relevant plan and depends on the reasons for leaving. The cost of legal fees spent on reviewing a settlement agreement on departure may be provided where appropriate. The Company also reserves the right to pay for outplacement services as appropriate.
The Non-executive Directors (NEDs), including the Chairman of the Board, do not have service contracts but have letters of appointment. NEDs are not entitled to compensation on leaving the Board.
Directors and senior management interest in shares
Other than Sol Daurella, Alfonso Líbano Daurella, and José Ignacio Comenge Sánchez-Real, who owned 6.8% (32,354,039 shares), 1.4% (6,495,125 shares), and 1.6% (7,740,332 shares) of the shares outstanding as of 28 February 2019, respectively, no Director or member of senior management individually owned more than 1% of the Company’s shares as of 28 February 2019.
Table 1 shows the number of share options held by Directors and other members of senior management as at 28 February 2019, including the applicable exercise price and the date when the applicable exercise period ends.
Table 1
Share options held by Directors and other members of senior management as at 28 February 2019
Name
Grant Date
Expiry Date
Exercise Price
Total number of shares subject
to outstanding options including
 exercisable and unvested options
Damian Gammell
5 November 2015
5 November 2025
$
39.00
324,643
Stephen Moorhouse
3 November 2011
3 November 2021
$
19.68
17,155
Stephen Moorhouse
31 October 2013
31 October 2023
$
31.46
11,446
Stephen Moorhouse
30 October 2014
30 October 2024
$
32.51
1,476
Stephen Moorhouse
30 October 2014
30 October 2024
$
32.51
9,598
Lauren Sayeski
31 October 2013
31 October 2023
$
31.46
1,517
Lauren Sayeski
31 October 2013
31 October 2023
$
31.46
1,661
Ron Lewis
5 November 2015
5 November 2025
$
39.00
81,194
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
169
Other employee related matters
Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements provides a breakdown of employees by main category of activity. As at 31 December 2018, we had around 23,300 employees, of whom three were located in the US. A number of our employees in Europe are covered by collectively bargained labour agreements, most of which do not expire. However, wage rates must be renegotiated at various dates throughout 2019. We believe we will be able to renegotiate these wage rates with satisfactory terms.
Nature of trading market
The Company has one class of ordinary shares. These shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Euronext London and Amsterdam, and the Spanish Stock Exchanges.
Listing information

Ticker symbol (all exchanges)
CCEP
ISIN code
GB00BDCPN049
Legal entity identifier
549300LTH67W4GWMRF57
CUSIP
G25839104
SEDOL number
BDCPN04
Intention to seek admission to trading on London Stock Exchange (LSE) and to delist from Euronext London
CCEP gave notice on 14 February 2019 of its intention to transfer its existing admission to trading on the market of Euronext London to the Main Market of the LSE (the Transfer). Its decision to delist from Euronext London and apply for admission to trading on the Main Market of the LSE is in an effort to improve market access for investors and enhance liquidity. This does not change its category of listing, which will remain a standard listing under Chapter 14 of the UK Listing Authority's Listing Rules.
It is expected that CCEP’s shares will be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the LSE on 28 March 2019 and that delisting of the shares from Euronext London will occur from 29 March 2019. There will therefore be one day of overlap during which the shares will be admitted to trading on both the LSE and Euronext London to ensure continuous admission to the Official List of the UK Listing Authority.
Please note that this does not impact the listing of the shares on the NYSE, Euronext Amsterdam or the Spanish Stock Exchanges. Following admission, investors will be able to trade the shares on all markets under the symbol CCEP, with the shares being quoted and traded in euros on the LSE, Euronext Amsterdam and the Spanish Stock Exchanges, and in US dollars on the NYSE.
A summary document in connection with the Transfer will be published by the Company in due course and will be available at www.ccep.com.

Share capital
The Articles of Association of the Company (the Articles) contain no upper limit on the authorised share capital of the Company. Subject to certain limitations under the Shareholders’ Agreement, the Board has the authority to offer, allot, grant options over or otherwise deal with or dispose of shares to such persons, at such times, for such consideration and upon such terms as the Board may decide, only if approved by ordinary resolution of our shareholders.
As of 31 December 2018, the Company had 474,920,066 shares issued and fully paid. As of 28 February 2019, the Company had 474,280,192 shares issued and fully paid.
Under the Shareholders’ Agreement and the Articles, the Company is permitted to issue, or grant to any person rights to be issued, securities, in one or a series of related transactions, in each case representing 20% or more of our issued share capital, only if approved in advance by special resolution of our shareholders.
Pursuant to this authority, our shareholders have passed resolutions allowing a maximum of a further 336,180,378 shares (as of 28 February 2019) to be allotted and issued, subject to the restrictions set out below:
1.
pursuant to a shareholder resolution passed on 26 May 2016, the Board is authorised to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into, and/or allot and issue, shares up to an aggregate maximum of 18,000,000 shares in connection with the assumption or replacement by the Company of equity awards granted under certain CCE legacy share plans, of which 5,205,085 have been issued as of
28 February 2019
;
2.
pursuant to a shareholder resolution passed on 31 May 2018 regarding the authority to allot new shares, the Board is authorised to allot shares and to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares:
a.
up to a nominal amount of €1,616,927.31 (representing 161,692,731 shares; such amount to be reduced by any allotments or grants made under paragraph 2(b) below in excess of such sum); and
b.
comprising equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act) up to a nominal amount of €3,233,854.63 (representing 323,385,463 shares; such amount to be reduced by any allotments or grants made under paragraph 2(a) above) in connection with an offer by way of a rights issue:
i.
to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and
ii.
to holders of other equity securities as required by the rights of those securities or as the Board otherwise considers necessary,
and so that the Board may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares, fractional entitlements, record dates, legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under the laws of, any territory or any other matter; and
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
170
3.
pursuant to a shareholder resolution passed on 31 May 2018 regarding authority to disapply pre-emption rights, the Board is authorised to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act) for cash under the authority given by the shareholder resolution described in paragraph 2 above and/or to sell shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale, such power to be limited:
a.
to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares in connection with an offer of, or invitation to apply for, equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph 2(b) above, by way of a rights issue only):
i.
to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and
ii.
to holders of other equity securities, as required by the rights of those securities, or as the Board
otherwise
 considers necessary, and so that the Board may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares, fractional entitlements, record dates, legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under the laws of, any territory or any other matter; and
b.
in the case of the authority granted under paragraph 2(a) above and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares, to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph 3(a) above) up to a nominal amount of €242,539.09 (representing 24,253,909 shares).
Immediately prior to the Merger on 28 May 2016, there were 228,244,244 shares of $0.01 par value of CCE common stock issued and fully paid, which included net issuances of 908,456 related to share-based payment awards from 1 January 2016 through 27 May 2016. In connection with the Merger, all CCE shares were cancelled and replaced with shares in CCEP. Additionally, CCEP issued 166,128,987 shares to Olive Partners and 87,950,640 shares to European Refreshments (ER),     Coca-Cola GmbH and Vivaqa Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG as consideration to acquire their bottling operations. Subsequent to the Merger, those of the 87,950,640 shares held by     Coca-Cola GmbH and Vivaqa Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG were transferred to ER. Also subsequent to the Merger, up to and including 31 December 2018, CCEP issued 5,025,795 additional shares related to share-based payment awards. Between 1 January 2019 and 28 February 2019, CCEP issued 216,926 additional shares related to share-based payment awards.

Shares not representing capital
None.
Shares held by CCEP
We are not permitted under English law to hold our own shares unless they are repurchased by us and held in treasury. At our 2018 AGM, our shareholders passed a special resolution that allows us to buy back our own shares in the market as permitted by the Companies Act. On 12 September 2018, the Board announced a €1.5 billion share buyback programme, to begin as soon as possible with up to €500 million of shares to be repurchased in 2018, subject to trading volumes. All shares repurchased as part of the buyback programme have been to date, and will in future be, cancelled. Details of the shares bought back are provided under share buyback programme below.
Share-based payment awards
Table 2 on page 172 shows the share-based payment awards outstanding under each of the CCE Legacy Long-Term Incentive Plan (Legacy LTIP), the CCE 2010 Incentive Award Plan (2010 Plan) and the Long-Term Incentive Plan 2016 (CCEP LTIP) as at 31 December 2018 and 28 February 2019. For more details about the share plans and awards granted, see Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 140 to 141.
History of share capital
Table 3 on page 173 sets out the history of our share capital for the period from the Merger until 28 February 2019.
Share buyback programme
Table 4 on page 173 sets out details of our share buyback programme from its start until 28 February 2019.
US shareholders
To the knowledge of the Company, 211 holders of record with an address in the US held a total of 474,213,168 shares (or 99.99% of the total number of issued shares outstanding) as at 28 February 2019. However, some shares are registered in the names of nominees, meaning that the number of shareholders with registered addresses in the US may not be representative of the number of beneficial owners of shares resident in the US.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
171
Table 2
Outstanding share-based payment awards
Plan
Date of award
(dd/mm/yy)
Type of award
(A)
Total number of shares awarded to employees outstanding as at 31 December 2018
Total number of shares awarded to employees outstanding as at 28 February 2019
(B)
Price per share payable on exercise/
transfer ($)
Expiration date
(dd/mm/yy)
Legacy LTIP
04/11/09
Option
706,932
499,156
9.89
04/11/19

13/11/09
Option
6,334
6,334
10.46
13/11/19
2010 Plan
04/11/10
Option
678,900
672,874
18.40
04/11/20

12/11/10
Option
10,599
10,599
18.80
12/05/20

03/11/11
Option
814,392
813,440
19.68
03/11/21

14/11/11
Option
12,884
12,884
19.82
14/05/21

05/11/12
Option
942,269
940,546
23.21
05/11/22

31/10/13
Option
—
955
31.46
31/07/19

31/10/13
Option
2,860
2,860
31.46
15/05/20

31/10/13
Option
955
955
31.46
31/08/20

31/10/13
Option
827
827
31.46
22/11/20

31/10/13
Option
1,046,797
1,045,842
31.46
31/10/23

30/10/14
Option
—
1,077
32.51
31/07/19

30/10/14
Option
143
—
32.51
31/05/19

30/10/14
Option
3,566
3,566
32.51
15/05/20

30/10/14
Option
923
923
32.51
31/08/20

30/10/14
Option
923
923
32.51
22/11/20

30/10/14
Option
1,221,332
1,220,255
32.51
30/10/24

05/11/15
Option
1,091,075
1,091,075
39.00
05/11/25

05/11/15
PSU
315,293
314,534
Nil
30/04/19
CCEP LTIP
03/10/16
RSU
16,666
16,666
Nil
03/10/19

03/10/16
RSU
16,667
16,667
Nil
03/10/20

01/12/16
RSU
13,165
13,165
Nil
01/12/19

27/03/17
PSU
401,260
398,763
Nil
28/03/20

27/03/17
RSU
93,489
90,992
Nil
28/03/20

01/09/17
RSU
8,874
8,874
Nil
01/09/19

01/09/17
RSU
8,874
8,874
Nil
01/09/20

12/03/18
PSU
325,981
324,169
Nil
13/03/21

12/03/18
RSU
88,581
86,769
Nil
13/03/21

15/06/18
RSU
4,132
4,132
Nil
30/04/19

15/06/18
PSU
794
794
Nil
27/03/20

15/06/18
RSU
3,651
3,651
Nil
27/03/20

15/06/18
PSU
2,843
2,843
Nil
13/03/21

15/06/18
RSU
2,843
2,843
Nil
13/03/21
(A) PSU is Performance Share Unit. RSU is Restricted Stock Unit.
(B)
When an employee leaves CCEP, the expiration date of their options is shortened so options with a new expiration date may appear between the year end and the later reporting date. These are not new options but options that have been moved from another row in the table.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
172
Table 3
Share capital history
Period
Nature of share issuance
Number of shares
Consideration
Cumulative balance of issued shares at end of period
At Merger
Opening balance
482,323,871
N/A
482,323,871
Merger to
31 December 2016
Shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options
459,148
Exercise price per share ranging from $11.27 to $32.51
482,783,019
Merger to
31 December 2016
Shares issued in connection with the fulfilment of RSU and PSU share-based payment awards
293,377
Nil
483,076,396
1 January to
31 December 2017
Shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options
838,486
Exercise price per share ranging from $5.09 to $32.51
483,914,882
1 January to
31 December 2017
Shares issued in connection with the fulfilment of RSU and PSU share-based payment awards
671,546
Nil
484,586,428
1 January to
31 December 2018
Shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options
2,022,729
Exercise price per share ranging from
$5.09 to $39.00
486,609,157
1 January to
31 December 2018
Shares issued in connection with the fulfilment of RSU and PSU share-based payment awards
740,509
Nil
487,349,666
1 January to
31 December 2018
Shares cancelled as part of buyback programme
(12,429,600
)
€500 million
(see table 4 for more details)
474,920,066
1 January to
28 February 2019
Shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options
216,620
Exercise price per share ranging from
$9.89 to $32.51
475,136,686
1 January to
28 February 2019
Shares issued in connection with the fulfilment of RSU and PSU share-based payment awards
306
Nil
475,136,992
1 January to
28 February 2019
Shares cancelled as part of buyback programme
(856,800
)
€44.5 million
474,280,192
Table 4
Share buyback programme
Period
(a) Total number of shares purchased
(b) Average price paid per share (€)
(c) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programmes
(A)
(d) Approximate value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programmes
(A)
 (€ million)
14 to 30 September 2018
2,301,600
39.066176
2,301,600
1,410
1 to 31 October 2018
4,445,000
38.702657
6,746,600
1,238
1 to 30 November 2018
3,478,600
42.087376
10,225,200
1,092
1 to 31 December 2018
2,204,400
41.477310
12,429,600
1,000
1 to 31 January 2019
—
—
12,429,600
1,000
1 to 28 February 2019
1,079,800
41.220023
13,509,400
956
(A)

On 12 September 2018, the Company announced a new share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion to reduce the Company’s share capital. The share buyback programme is being carried out in accordance with the authority granted by shareholders at the 2018 AGM. The maximum number of shares authorised for purchase at the 2018 AGM was 48,507,819 shares, representing 10% of the issued shares at 6 April 2018. The existing authority to buy back shares will expire at the 2019 AGM. We intend to seek shareholder approval to renew the authority to buy back shares.
Marketing
CCEP relies extensively on advertising and sales promotions to market its products. TCCC and other franchisors advertise in all major media to promote sales in the local areas we serve. We also benefit from regional, local and global advertising programmes conducted by TCCC and other franchisors. Certain advertising expenditures by TCCC and other franchisors are made pursuant to annual arrangements.

CCEP and TCCC engage in a variety of marketing programmes to promote the sale of TCCC’s products in territories in which we operate. The amounts to be paid to us by TCCC under the programmes are determined annually and are periodically reassessed as the programmes progress. Marketing support funding programmes entered into with TCCC provide financial support, principally based on our product sales or upon the completion of stated requirements, to offset a portion of the cost of our marketing programmes. Except in certain limited circumstances, TCCC has no specified contractual obligation to participate in expenditures for advertising, marketing and other support in our territories. The terms of similar programmes TCCC may have with other licensees and the amounts paid by TCCC under them could differ from CCEP’s arrangements.
We take part in various programmes and arrangements with customers to increase the sale of products. These include arrangements under which allowances can be earned by customers for attaining agreed upon sales levels or for participating in specific marketing programmes.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
173
Dependence on franchisors
As a franchise business, CCEP’s business success, including its financial results, depends upon our relationships with TCCC and its other franchisors. For more about our relationships with franchisors, see the Risk Factors on page 167.
Competition
CCEP competes mainly in the manufacturing, sale and distribution of non-alcoholic ready to drink (NARTD) beverages industry and adjacencies, including squashes/cordials, hot beverages and premium spirits. CCEP competes in the Western Europe segment, and primarily manufactures, sells and distributes the products of TCCC, as well as those of other franchisors such as Monster Energy and Capri Sun AG.
CCEP competes mainly with:
•
NARTD and non-alcoholic, non-ready to drink (for example squashes/cordials & hot beverages) brand and private label manufacturers, sellers and distributors
•
Alcoholic beverage manufacturers, sellers and distributors - in the sense that some of their products may be considered to be substitutes to CCEP’s own products for certain consumer occasions
A small number of such companies may also be contracted by CCEP as manufacturers (e.g. co-packers) or commercial partners (e.g. on behalf of which CCEP sells and/or distributes, or which sells and/or distributes on CCEP’s behalf).
CCEP sells and distributes to a wide range of customers, including both physical and online food and beverage retailers, wholesalers and out of retail customers. The market is highly competitive and all CCEP customers and consumers may choose freely between products of CCEP and its competitors. Many of CCEP’s customers are under increasing competitive pressure, including with the increasing market share of discounters, the growth of e-commerce food and beverage players, and customer consolidation.
CCEP competes with respect to a wide range of commercial factors, including brand awareness, product and packaging innovations, supply chain efficacy, customer service, sales strategy, marketing, and pricing and promotions.
The level of competition faced by CCEP may be affected by, for example, changing customer and consumer product, brand, and packaging preferences; shifts in customers’ industries; competitor strategy shifts; new competitor entrants; supplier dynamics; the weather; and social, economic, political or other external landscape shifts.
Key factors affecting CCEP’s competitive strength include, for example, CCEP’s strategic choices; investments; partnerships (e.g. with customers, franchisors and suppliers); people management; asset base (e.g. property, plant, fleet, and equipment); technological sophistication; and processes and systems.
Impact of governmental regulation
Our business is sensitive to the economic and political action and conditions in our countries of operation. The risks this can pose to our business are set out in our Principal Risks on pages 41 to 42 and in our Risk Factors on pages 162 to 164. By responding to these challenges positively we can gain a competitive advantage.

Material contracts
There have been no material contracts, other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, to which the Company or any member of its group is a party, for the two years immediately preceding the publication of this document.
Articles of Association
The following is a summary of the principal provisions of the Company’s Articles of Association (the Articles). Shareholders should not rely on this summary but should instead refer to the current Articles, which are filed with the Registrar of Companies in England and Wales and can be viewed at         ir.ccep.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents, and to the applicable provisions of English law. The Company has no statement of objects in its Articles and accordingly its objects are unrestricted in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act.
(a) Voting
Any resolution put to a vote at a general meeting will be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is validly demanded. On a poll, every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for every share of which he or she is the holder. In the case of joint holders of a share, the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand on the register. Unless the Board otherwise decides, the right to attend a general meeting and voting rights may not be exercised by a shareholder who has not paid to the Company all calls and other sums then payable by him or her in respect of his or her shares.
(b) Transfer of shares
Any shareholder may transfer his or her shares which are in certificated form by an instrument of transfer in any usual form or in any other form which the Board may approve. Such instrument must be properly signed and stamped or certified (or otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the Board as being exempt from stamp duty) and lodged with the Company together with the relevant share certificate(s) and such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer.
The Articles contain no other restrictions on the transfer of fully paid certificated shares provided: (i) the transfer, if to joint transferees, is in favour of not more than four transferees; (ii) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares; and (iii) the holder of the shares is not subject to an order under section 794 of the Companies Act.
Any shareholder may transfer title to his or her uncertificated shares by means of a relevant system, such as CREST.
Registration of a transfer of uncertificated shares may be refused in the circumstances set out in the uncertificated securities rules and where, in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the uncertificated share is to be transferred exceeds four.
Provisions in the Articles will not apply to uncertificated shares to the extent that they are inconsistent with:
i.
the holding of shares in uncertificated form;
ii.
the transfer of title to shares by means of a system such as CREST; and
iii.
any provisions of relevant regulations.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
174
The Board may decline to register a transfer of shares, whether certificated or uncertificated, by a person holding 0.25% or more of the existing shares if such person is subject to an order under section 794 of the Companies Act, after failure to provide the Company with information concerning interests in those shares required to be provided under section 793 of the Companies Act, unless the transfer is carried out pursuant to an arm’s length sale.
Notice of refusal to register a transfer must be sent to the transferee within two months of the instrument of transfer being lodged.
The transferor of a share is deemed to remain the holder until the transferee’s name is entered on the register. The Board may decline to register any transfer of any share which is not fully paid.
(c) Dividends and distribution of assets on liquidation
Under English law, the Company may pay dividends only out of profits available for that purpose, as stated on its accounts that are deemed as relevant accounts pursuant to the Companies Act. A company’s profits available for distribution are its accumulated, realised profits, so far as not previously utilised by distribution or capitalisation, less its accumulated, realised losses, so far as not previously written off in a reduction or reorganisation of capital duly made. In addition, the Company may only make a distribution if the amount of its net assets is not less than the aggregate of its called up share capital and undistributable reserves, and if, and to the extent that, the distribution does not reduce the amount of those assets to less than that aggregate.
The Articles permit the shareholders, by passing an ordinary resolution, to declare dividends. A declaration must not be made unless the Directors have first made a recommendation as to the amount of the dividend. The dividend must not exceed that amount.
In addition, the Board may decide to pay interim dividends. As the Company has only one class of shares, the holders of such shares will be entitled to participate in any surplus assets in a winding up in proportion to their shareholdings.
(d) Unclaimed dividends
All dividends or other sums payable on or in respect of any shares which remain unclaimed may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Board for the benefit of the Company until claimed. Unless the Board decides otherwise, any dividend or other sums payable on or in respect of any shares unclaimed after a period of 12 years from the date when it was declared or became due for payment will be forfeited and revert to the Company. The Company may stop sending dividend cheques or warrants by post, or employing such other means of payment in respect of any shares, if at least two consecutive dividend payments have remained uncashed or are returned undelivered or if one payment has remained uncashed or is returned undelivered and the Company cannot establish a new address for the holder after making reasonable enquiries. However, in either case, the Company must resume sending cheques or warrants or employ such other means of dividend payment if the holder or any person entitled to the shares by transmission requests the resumption in writing.

(e) Variation of rights and changes in capital
Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, all or any of the rights attached to any existing class of shares may from time to time (whether or not the Company is being wound up) be varied either with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal value of the issued shares of that class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares) or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of those shares. All the provisions of the Articles as to general meetings of the Company shall, with any necessary modifications, apply to any such separate general meeting, but so that the necessary quorum shall be one person entitled to vote and holding or representing by proxy not less than one-third in nominal value of the issued shares of the class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares), (but so that at any adjourned meeting one holder entitled to vote and present in person or by proxy (whatever the number of shares held by him) shall be a quorum), and that any holder of shares of the class present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote may demand a poll.
The rights conferred upon the holders of any shares shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided in the rights attaching to those shares, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu with them or by the purchase or redemption by the Company of any of its own shares.
(f) Limitations on rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders
There are no limitations imposed by the Articles on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders or (subject to the effect of any economic sanctions that may be in force from time to time) by current UK laws which relate only to non-residents of the UK or foreign shareholders and which limit the rights of such non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or (when entitled to do so) vote the shares.
(g) General meetings of shareholders
The Companies Act sets out the provisions applicable to the Company regarding the calling of a general meeting. The Company is required by the Companies Act to hold an AGM each year. General meetings of shareholders may be called as necessary by the Board and must be called promptly upon receipt of a requisition from shareholders representing at least 5% of the paid up, voting capital of the Company. Under the Companies Act, an AGM must be called by notice of at least 21 clear days. A general meeting other than an AGM may be called on not less than 14 clear days’ notice provided a special resolution reducing the notice period to 14 clear days has been passed at the immediately preceding AGM or a general meeting held since that AGM.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
175
(h) Conflicts of interest
The Board may, subject to the provisions of the Articles, authorise any matter which would otherwise involve a Director breaching his or her duty under the Companies Act to avoid conflicts of interest (each a Conflict). A Director seeking authorisation in respect of a Conflict shall declare to the Board the nature and extent of his or her Conflict as soon as is reasonably practicable and shall provide the Board with such details of the matter as are necessary to decide how to address the Conflict. The Board may resolve to authorise the relevant Director in relation to any matter the subject of a Conflict, save that the relevant Director and any other Director with a similar interest shall not count towards the quorum nor vote on any resolution giving such authority, and, if the other Directors so decide, shall be excluded from any Board meeting while the Conflict is under consideration.
(i) Other conflicts of interest
Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, and provided the nature and extent of a Director’s interest has been declared to the Board, a Director may:
i.
be party to, or otherwise interested in, any contract with the Company, or in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest;
ii.
hold any other office or place of profit with the Company (except that of auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and upon such terms, including remuneration, as the Board may decide;
iii.
act by himself or through a firm with which he is associated in a professional capacity for the Company or any other company in which the Company may be interested (otherwise than as auditor);
iv.
be or become a director or other officer of, or employed by or a party to a transaction or arrangement with, or otherwise be interested in any holding company or subsidiary company of the Company or any other company in which the Company may be interested; and
v.
be or become a director of any other company in which the Company does not have an interest and which cannot reasonably be regarded as giving rise to a conflict of interest at the time of his appointment as director of that other company.
No contract in which a Director is interested shall be liable to be avoided, and any Director who is so interested is not liable to account to the Company or its shareholders for any benefit realised by the contract by reason of the Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. However, no Director may vote on, or be counted in the quorum, in relation to any resolution of the Board relating specifically to his or her own appointment (including remuneration) or the terms of his or her termination of appointment or relating to any contract in which he or she has an interest (subject to certain exceptions).
Subject to the Companies Act, the Company may by ordinary resolution suspend or relax to any extent the provisions relating to Directors’ interests or restrictions on voting or ratify any transaction not duly authorised by reason of a contravention of such provisions.

(j) Borrowing powers
Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, the Board may exercise all the Company’s powers to borrow money; to mortgage or charge all or any of the Company’s undertaking, property (present and future), and uncalled capital; to issue debentures and other securities; and to give security either outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.
(k) Retirement and removal of Directors
At every AGM all the Directors, other than the Initial Independent Non-executive Directors (Initial INEDs), shall retire from office and may offer themselves for reappointment by the shareholders. This requirement does not apply to the Chairman during the nine year period after completion of the Merger for as long as she holds office in accordance with the Articles. This requirement also does not apply to the Initial INEDs during their initial fixed term of appointment. Three Initial INEDs had an initial fixed term of appointment until the 2019 AGM, three until the 2020 AGM and three until the 2021 AGM. Initial INEDs will either stand down from the Board at the end of their initial fixed term of appointment or, if they and the Board agree, will stand for election at the relevant AGM and each AGM thereafter. There is no mandatory retirement age for any Director.
(l) Vacation of office
The office of a Director shall be vacated if:
i.
he or she resigns or offers to resign and the Board resolves to accept such offer;
ii.
he or she is prohibited by law from being a Director;
iii.
the Board determines that he or she has committed gross misconduct in carrying out his or her duties as a Director or for other similar just cause; or the Board determines that he or she has acted in breach of the Company’s anti-corruption or sanctions polices, securities dealing policies or otherwise has acted in a manner which might reasonably be expected to bring the Group into disrepute;
iv.
being a nominated Director he or she is identified in a notice given to the Company by his or her appointer;
v.
being an INED he or she can no longer be considered to meet the criteria required for him or her to be independent, in the reasonable opinion of the Nomination Committee; or
vi.
being an INED the Board determines that he or she holds any operating responsibilities in the NARTD beverage bottling business in any territory in which the Group operates from time to time.
(m) Share rights
Subject to any rights attached to existing shares, shares may be issued with such rights and restrictions as the Company may by ordinary resolution decide, or (if there is no such resolution or so far as it does not make specific provision) as the Board may decide. Such rights and restrictions shall apply as if they were set out in the Articles. Redeemable shares may be issued, subject to any rights attached to existing shares. The Board may determine the terms, conditions and manner of redemption of any redeemable share so issued. Such terms and conditions shall apply to the relevant shares as if they were set out in the Articles. Subject to the Articles, any resolution passed by the shareholders and other shareholders’ rights, the Board may decide how to deal with any shares in the Company.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
176
(n) Entrenchment
Certain provisions of the Articles are entrenched and may only be amended or repealed with the prior consent of Olive Partners, ER or a majority of the INEDs (as applicable). In particular, the requirement under the Articles that the Board shall at all times contain a majority of INEDs may only be amended or repealed with the prior consent of a majority of the INEDs.
Documents on display
CCEP is subject to the information requirements of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, applicable to FPIs. In accordance with these requirements, we file our Annual Report on Form 20-F and other related documents with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). It is possible to read and copy documents that we have filed with the SEC at the SEC’s office. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for information about using their public reference rooms and their copy charges. Filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services, and from the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.
Our Annual Report on Form 20-F is also available on our website (www.ccep.com). Shareholders may also order a hard copy, free of charge  - see Useful Addresses on page 195.
Exchange controls
Other than those individuals and entities subject to economic sanctions that may be in force from time to time, we are not aware of any other legislative or legal provision currently in force in the UK, the US, the Netherlands or Spain restricting remittances to non-resident holders of CCEP’s shares or affecting the import or export of capital for the Company’s use.
Taxation information for shareholders
US federal income taxation
US federal income tax consequences to US holders of the ownership and disposition of CCEP shares
This section summarises the material US federal income tax consequences of owning shares as capital assets for tax purposes. It is not, however, a comprehensive analysis of all the potential US tax consequences for such holders, and it does not discuss the tax consequences of members of special classes of holders which may be subject to other rules, including: tax exempt entities, life insurance companies, dealers in securities, traders in securities that elect a mark-to-market method of accounting for securities holdings, investors liable for alternative minimum tax, holders that, directly or indirectly, hold 10% or more (by vote or by value) of the Company’s stock, holders that hold shares as part of a straddle or a hedging or conversion transaction, holders that purchase or sell shares as part of a wash sale for US federal income tax purposes, or holders whose functional currency is not the US dollar. In addition, if a partnership holds shares, the US federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership and may not be described fully below. This summary does not address any aspect of US taxation other than US federal taxation (such as the estate and gift tax, the Medicare tax on net investment income or US state or local tax). Investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the US federal, state, local and other tax consequences of owning and disposing of shares in their particular circumstances.

This section is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations, published rulings and court decisions, and on the United Kingdom-United States Tax Treaty, all of which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis.
A US holder is a beneficial owner of shares that is, for US federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or resident of the US, (ii) a US domestic corporation, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to US federal income taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust if a US court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more US persons are authorised to control all substantial decisions of the trust. A non-US holder is a beneficial owner of shares that is neither a US holder nor a partnership for US federal income tax purposes.
Taxation of dividends
Subject to the passive foreign investment company (PFIC) rules discussed below, a US holder is subject to US federal income taxation on the gross amount of any dividend paid by CCEP out of the Company’s current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for US federal income tax purposes). Dividends paid to a non-corporate US holder will generally constitute “qualified dividend income” and be taxable to the holder at a preferential rate, provided that the holder has a holding period in the shares of more than 60 days during the 121 day period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date and meets other holding period requirements.
For US federal income tax purposes, a dividend must be included in income when the US holder actually or constructively receives the dividend. Dividends paid by CCEP to corporate US holders will generally not be eligible for the dividends received deduction allowed to US corporations in respect of dividends received from other US corporations, unless such corporate US holder holds more than 10% (by vote or by value) of the Company’s stock. For foreign tax credit purposes, dividends will generally be income from sources outside the US and will, depending on a US holder’s circumstances, be either “passive” or “general” income for purposes of computing the foreign tax credit allowable to a US holder.
The amount of a dividend distribution on shares that is paid in a currency other than the US dollar will generally be included in ordinary income in an amount equal to the US dollar value of the currency received on the date such dividend distribution is includible in income, regardless of whether the payment is, in fact, converted into US dollars on such date. Generally, any gain or loss resulting from currency exchange fluctuations during the period from the date the dividend payment is includible in income to the date the payment is converted into US dollars will be treated as ordinary income or loss and will not be eligible for the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income. Generally, the gain or loss will be income or loss from sources within the US for foreign tax credit purposes.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
177
Distributions in excess of CCEP’s earnings and profits, as determined for US federal income tax purposes, will be treated as a return of capital to the extent of the US holder’s basis in its shares and thereafter as capital gain, subject to taxation as described below.
Taxation of capital gains
Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a US holder will generally recognise gain or loss on any sale, exchange, redemption or other taxable disposition of shares in an amount equal to the difference between the US dollar value of the amount realised on the disposition and the US holder’s tax basis, determined in US dollars, in the shares. Any such capital gain or loss will generally be long-term gain or loss, subject to tax at a preferential rate for a non-corporate US holder, if the US holder’s holding period for such shares exceeds one year. Any gain or loss recognised by a US holder on the sale or exchange of shares will generally be treated as income or loss from sources within the US for foreign tax credit limitation purposes. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
PFIC status
Currently, we do not believe that shares will be treated as stock of a PFIC for US federal income tax purposes. However, we review this annually, and therefore this conclusion is subject to change. If CCEP was to be treated as a PFIC, unless a US holder elects to be taxed annually on a mark-to-market basis with respect to its shares, any gain realised on the sale or exchange of such shares would in general not be treated as capital gain. Instead, a US holder would be treated as if he or she had realised such gain ratably over the holding period for shares and generally would be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for each such year to which the gain was allocated. In this case, an interest charge in respect of the tax attributable to each such year would apply. Certain distributions would be similarly treated if CCEP were treated as a PFIC. In addition, distributions made by a PFIC generally do not constitute qualified dividend income and are not eligible for the preferential tax rate applicable to such income.
Information reporting and backup withholding
In general, information reporting requirements will apply to dividends received by US holders of shares, and the proceeds received on the disposition of shares effected within the US (and, in certain cases, outside the US), in each case, other than US holders that are exempt recipients (such as corporations).
Backup withholding may apply to such amounts if the US holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number (generally on an IRS Form W-9 provided to the paying agent or the US holder’s broker) or is otherwise subject to backup withholding.
Dividends with respect to shares and proceeds from the sale or other disposition of shares received in the US or through certain US related financial intermediaries by a non-US holder, may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding unless such non-US holder provides to the applicable withholding agent the required certification showing its non-US status, such as a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8ECI, or otherwise establishes an exemption, and otherwise complies with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or credit against a holder’s US federal income tax liability, if any, provided the required information is given to the IRS on a timely basis.
UK taxation consequences for US holders
The following explains certain UK tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of shares for US holders who are not resident in the UK for tax purposes and to whom split year treatment does not apply, who do not carry on a trade, profession or vocation through a permanent establishment or branch or agency in the UK, and who are the absolute beneficial owners of their shares and hold such shares as a capital investment.
This information is based on UK tax law and what is understood to be the practice of HMRC, all as in effect on the date of publication, and all of which are subject to differing interpretations and change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. It is not a complete analysis of all potential UK tax considerations that may apply to a US holder. In addition, this discussion neither addresses all aspects of UK tax law that may be relevant to particular US holders nor takes into account the individual facts and circumstances of any particular US holder. Accordingly, it is not intended to be, and should not be construed as, tax advice.
Distributions on shares
No UK tax is required to be withheld from cash distributions on shares paid to US holders. In addition, US holders will not be subject to UK tax in respect of their receipt of cash distributions on their shares.
Sale, exchange, redemption or other dispositions of shares
US holders will not be subject to UK tax on capital gains in respect of any gain realised by such US holders on a sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition of their shares. Special rules may apply to individual US holders who have ceased to reside in the UK for tax purposes and who make a disposition of their shares before becoming once again resident in the UK for tax purposes.
While shares are held within the DTC clearance system, and provided that DTC satisfies various conditions specified in UK legislation, electronic book entry transfers of such shares should not be subject to UK stamp duty, and agreements to transfer such shares should not be subject to Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT). Confirmation of this position was obtained by way of formal clearance by HMRC. Likewise, transfers of, or agreements to transfer, such shares from the DTC clearance system into another clearance system (or into a depositary receipt system) should not, provided that the other clearance system or depositary receipt system satisfies various conditions specified in UK legislation, be subject to UK stamp duty or SDRT.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
178
In the event that shares have left the DTC clearance system, other than into another clearance system or depositary receipt system, any subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, such shares may, subject to any available exemption or relief, be subject to UK stamp duty or SDRT at a rate of 0.5% of the consideration for such transfer or agreement (in the case of UK stamp duty, rounded up to the next multiple of £5). Any such UK stamp duty or SDRT will generally be payable by the transferee and must be paid (and any relevant transfer document duly stamped by HMRC) before the transfer can be registered in the books of the Company. In the event that shares that have left the DTC clearance system, other than into another clearance system or depositary receipt system, are subsequently transferred back into a clearance system or depositary receipt system, such transfer or agreement may, subject to any available exemption or relief, be subject to UK stamp duty or SDRT at a rate of 1.5% of the consideration for such transfer (or, where there is no such consideration, 1.5% of the value of such shares). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, a transfer of listed securities may in certain circumstances be subject to UK stamp duty or SDRT based on the value of the relevant securities if this is higher than the amount of the consideration for the relevant transfer.

US federal income tax consequences to non-US holders of the ownership and disposition of CCEP shares
In general, a non-US holder of shares will not be subject to US federal income tax or, subject to the discussion above under Information reporting and backup withholding, US federal withholding tax on any dividends received on shares or any gain recognised on a sale or other disposition of shares including any distribution to the extent it exceeds the adjusted basis in the non-US holder’s shares unless:
•
the dividend or gain is effectively connected with such     non-US holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the US (and, if required by an applicable tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the non-US holder in the US); or
•
in the case of gain only, such non-US holder is a non-resident alien individual present in the US for 183 days or more during the taxable year of the sale or disposition, and certain other requirements are met.
Special rules may apply to a non-US holder who was previously a US holder and who again becomes a US holder in a later year.
A non-US holder that is a corporation may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable tax treaty) on its effectively connected earnings and profits for the taxable year, as adjusted for certain items.
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE OF ALL POSSIBLE TAX CONSEQUENCES. IT IS NOT INTENDED AS LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PARTICULAR HOLDER OF SHARES AND SHOULD NOT BE SO CONSTRUED. HOLDERS OF SHARES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES APPLICABLE TO THEM IN THEIR OWN PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
179
Selected financial data
The following selected financial data has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements
 of the Group and their accompanying notes.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc was created through the Merger on 28 May 2016 of the businesses of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., (CCE), Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A. (CCIP) and Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetränke GmbH (CCEG). As part of the Merger, in July 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of Vifilfell hf., the Coca-Cola bottler in Iceland. Upon the consummation of the Merger, the historical
consolidated financial statements
 of CCE became CCEP’s historical financial statements as CCE was deemed to be the predecessor to CCEP. Therefore, the financial results presented here for the years ended 31 December 2014, 31 December 2015 and for the period from 1 January 2016 to 27 May 2016 refer to CCE and its consolidated subsidiaries, and the periods subsequent to 28 May 2016 refer to the combined financial results of CCEP.
For all periods up to and including the year ended 31 December 2015, CCE prepared and published its
consolidated financial statements
 in accordance with US GAAP. As part of first time adoption of IFRS for CCEP and to provide comparative period information, the financial statements of CCE for 2014 and 2015 were prepared in accordance with IFRS. The date of transition to IFRS was 1 January 2014, at which date an opening IFRS statement of financial position was prepared.
The financial information presented here has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB and adopted by the EU. There are no differences between IFRS as issued by the IASB and IFRS as adopted by the EU that have an impact for the years presented.

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014
Income statement

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
Revenue

11,518

11,062

9133

6,329

6,217
Cost of sales

(7,060
)

(6,772
)

(5,584
)

(4,017
)

(3,987
)
Gross profit

4,458

4,290

3,549

2,312

2,230
Selling and distribution expenses

(2,178
)

(2,124
)

(1,615
)

(919
)

(944
)
Administrative expenses

(980
)

(906
)

(1,083
)

(634
)

(539
)
Operating profit

1,300

1,260

851

759

747
Finance income

47

48

31

24

34
Finance costs

(140
)

(148
)

(154
)

(134
)

(123
)
Total finance costs, net

(93
)

(100
)

(123
)

(110
)

(89
)
Non-operating items

(2
)

(1
)

(9
)

(5
)

—
Profit before taxes

1,205

1,159

719

644

658
Taxes

(296
)

(471
)

(170
)

(131
)

(174
)
Profit after taxes

909

688

549

513

484

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014
Statement of financial position

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million

€ million
Non-current assets

15,225

14,880

15,143

5,113

5,040
Current assets

2,991

3,314

3,425

1,883

2,008
Total assets

18,216

18,194

18,568

6,996

7,048
Non-current liabilities

7,860

8,222

8,355

4,119

3,706
Current liabilities

3,792

3,287

3,752

2,006

2,155
Total liabilities

11,652

11,509

12,107

6,125

5,861
Total equity

6,564

6,685

6,461

871

1,187
Total equity and liabilities

18,216

18,194

18,568

6,996

7,048

Capital stock data

Number of shares (in millions)

475

485

483

227

239
Share capital (in € million)

5

5

5

3

3
Share premium (in € million)

152

127

114

2,729

2,711

Per share data

Basic earnings per share (€)

1.88

1.42

1.45

2.23

1.96
Diluted earnings per share (€)

1.86

1.41

1.42

2.19

1.92
Dividends declared per share (€)
(A)

1.06

0.84

0.86

1.01

0.75
Dividends declared per share ($)(A)

n/a

n/a

0.97

1.12

1.00
(A)
As a result of the Merger, dividends declared in 2016 may be viewed in two separate categories: dividends declared by CCEP in euros and dividends declared by CCE in US dollars. Dividends declared by CCE in 2016 in US dollars have been converted to euro from US dollars to provide an annualised dividend amount for 2016 using the average exchange rate for the respective period. Similarly, dividends declared by CCEP in euros in 2016 have been converted to US dollars to provide an annualised dividend amount for 2016 using the average exchange rate for the respective period. All dividends declared prior to 2016 were declared in US dollars and have been converted to euro using the average exchange rate for each respective period.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
180
Operations review
Revenue
Revenue
increased
 by
€0.4 billion
, or
4.0%
, from
€11.1 billion
 in
2017
 to
€11.5 billion
 in
2018
. Refer to the business and financial review section for a discussion of significant factors that impacted revenue in 2018, as compared to 2017.
2017 vs 2016
On a reported basis, revenue increased by €1.9 billion, or 21.0%, from €9.1 billion in 2016 to €11.1 billion in 2017, driven primarily by a full year of operations for Iberia and Germany in 2017, as compared to only seven months in 2016. Iberia and Germany revenues increased €1.0 billion and €0.9 billion, respectively, in 2017. Excluding the impact of Iberia and Germany, revenues were flat year over year. On a reported basis, revenue in Great Britain declined by 2.5%, driven by a decline in the British pound versus the euro. Adjusting for a 7.0% unfavourable change due to currency, Great Britain’s revenue was up 4.5% year on year. This improvement was driven primarily by volume gains of 2.0% (adjusted for one less selling day in 2017 versus 2016), and favourable price/mix movements. Revenue in France increased by 0.5%, as improvements in price/mix outpaced a slight decline in volume. Revenue in the Northern European territories (Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Iceland, Norway and Sweden) was up 4.5%, led by Belgium/Luxembourg and the Netherlands, and the inclusion of Iceland.
Volume
Refer to the business and financial review section for a discussion of significant factors that impacted volume in 2018, as compared to 2017.
2017 vs 2016
The following table summarises the change in our unit case volume for the periods presented, as adjusted to reflect the impact of one less selling day in 2017 versus 2016 (rounded to the nearest 0.5%):

2017 versus 2016
Change in volume

23.0
%
The following table summarises volume by major brand category for the periods presented, as adjusted to reflect the impact of one less selling day in 2017 versus 2016 (rounded to the nearest 0.5%):

2017 versus 2016 Change

2017 % of total
2016 % of total
Sparkling

Coca-Cola trademark

20.5
%

63.5
%
65.0
%
Sparkling flavours and energy

28.5
%

21.5
%
20.5
%
Still

Juices, isotonics and other

23.0
%

8.0
%
8.0
%
Water

33.0
%

7.0
%
6.5
%
Total

23.0
%

100.0
%
100.0
%
The change in volume between 2017 and 2016 was primarily due to the inclusion in 2017 of full year operating results for Germany and Iberia. Excluding the impact of Germany and Iberia, the change in volume between 2017 and 2016 would have been an increase of approximately 1.5% (adjusted for the selling day shift).
Cost of sales
On a reported basis, cost of sales
increased

4.5%
, from
€6.8 billion
 in 2017 to
€7.1 billion
 in 2018. Refer to the business and financial review section for a discussion of significant factors that impacted cost of sales in 2018, as compared to 2017.
2017 vs 2016
On a reported basis, cost of sales increased 21.5%, from €5.6 billion in 2016 to €6.8 billion in 2017, driven primarily by the full year of operations for Iberia and Germany in 2017, as compared to only seven months in 2016. Excluding the Impact of Iberia and Germany, cost of sales increased 2% between 2017 and 2016. This increase was driven by year over year cost increases in key inputs, principally concentrate and sweetener, and an increase in restructuring charges recorded in cost of sales as a result of the integration and synergy programme. These increases were partially offset by benefits from our synergy programmes and currency exchange rate changes, specifically the British pound to euro exchange rate.
Included within cost of sales for 2017 are €66 million of restructuring charges. These charges principally related to restructuring activities under the integration and synergy programme including the optimisation of manufacturing, warehouse and labour productivity, cold drink operational practices and facilities, further facility rationalisation in Germany and supply chain organisational design improvements such as route to market.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
181
Selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses
The following table presents selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses for the periods presented:

2018

2017

2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Selling and distribution expenses

2,178

2,124

1,615
Administrative expenses

980

906

1,083
Total

3,158

3,030

2,698
On a reported basis, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses (operating expenses) increased by
4.0%
 from
€3.0 billion
 in
2017
 to
€3.2 billion
 in
2018
, driven primarily by an increase in administrative expenses due to the restructuring activities under our integration and synergy programme, supply chain site consolidation in Great Britain and Iberia and other initiatives in Iberia and Germany.
2017 vs 2016
On a reported basis, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses (operating expenses) increased by 12.5% from €2.7 billion in 2016 to €3.0 billion in 2017, driven primarily by the full year of operations for Iberia and Germany in 2017, as compared to only seven months in 2016.
Included within operating expenses for 2017 are €169 million of restructuring charges. These charges principally related to restructuring activities under the integration and synergy programme including supply chain improvements, productivity initiatives, streamlining of the HR organisation, the transfer of Germany and Iberia transactional related activities to the shared services centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, and other central function initiatives.
Finance costs, net
Finance costs, net totalled
€93 million
,
€100 million
 and
€123 million
 in
2018
,
2017
 and
2016
, respectively. The following tables summarise the primary items impacting our interest expense during the periods presented:

2018

2017

2016
Average outstanding debt balance (
€ million)
5,674

6,263

5,709
Weighted average cost of debt
1.6
%

1.6
%

1.8
%
Fixed rate debt (% of portfolio)
87
%

77
%

77
%
Floating rate debt (% of portfolio)
13
%

23
%

23
%
Other non-operating items
Other non-operating expense totalled
€2 million
,
€1 million
 and
€9 million
 in
2018
,
2017
 and
2016
, respectively. Our other non-operating expense is primarily made up of remeasurement gains and losses related to currency exchange rate fluctuations on financing transactions denominated in a currency other than the subsidiary’s functional currency. Non-operating items are shown on a net basis and reflect the impact of any derivative instruments utilised to hedge the foreign currency movements of the underlying financing transactions.
Tax expense
In
2018
, our reported effective tax rate was
24.6%
. This includes the impact of an €11 million non-recurring tax expense related to the continuing impact assessment of the US Tax Act enacted in 2017. Our 2018 reported effective tax rate also reflected a deferred tax benefit of €38 million due to the enactment of corporate income tax rate reductions and rule changes in the Basque region, the Netherlands and Sweden. In addition, our 2018 reported effective tax rate also includes a €24 million deferred tax expense reflecting a change in tax basis related to the simplification of our debt and capital structure.
In
2017
, our reported effective tax rate was
40.6%
. This includes the impact of a net €
125 million
 non-recurring book tax expense related to the deemed repatriation of profits to the US under the US Tax Act and a €195 million reduction in deferred tax assets in the US primarily due to the elimination of foreign tax credits. Our 2017 reported effective tax rate also reflected a deferred tax benefit of €33 million due to the enactment of corporate income tax rate reductions in France, Belgium and Norway.
In
2016
, our reported effective tax rate was
23.6%
. Prior to the Merger on
28 May 2016
, the accounting predecessor to the Group was CCE, a US tax resident and from the date of the Merger, a UK company became the parent of the Group. The inclusion of Germany and Iberia during 2016 also impacted the effective tax rate as well as a deferred tax benefit of €42 million due to the enactment of corporate income tax rate reductions in the UK and France and the US tax impact associated with repatriating to the US €195 million of 2016 non-US earnings.
Cash flow and liquidity review
Liquidity and capital resources
Our sources of capital include, but are not limited to, cash flows from operating activities, public and private issuances of debt and equity securities and bank borrowings. Based on information currently available, we do not believe we are at significant risk of default by our counterparties.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
182
The Group satisfies seasonal working capital needs and other financing requirements with operating cash flow, cash in hand, short-term borrowings and line of credit. At
31 December 2018
, the Group had
€469 million
 in third party debt maturities in the next 12 months,
€120 million
 of which was in the form of short-term commercial paper and
€349 million
 Eurobond notes. In addition to using operating cash flow and cash in hand, the Group may repay our short-term obligations by issuing more debt which may take the form of commercial paper and/or long-term debt. Further details regarding the level of borrowings at the year end are provided in
Note 11
 of the
consolidated financial statements
.
In February 2018, the Board increased our quarterly dividend by more than 20% from €0.21 per share to €0.26 per share. In October 2018, a further increase in the quarterly dividend to €0.28 per share was declared. For the full year 2018, our dividend per share paid represented approximately
46%
 of our comparable diluted earnings per share. This is in line with our commitments to deliver long-term value to shareholders. Going forward from 2019 onwards, there will be two interim dividend payments instead of four quarterly dividend payments.
Historically, CCE had authorised and completed a number of share buyback programmes. Immediately prior to the Merger, CCE had authorisations from the CCE Board of Directors to repurchase shares up to
US$1.0 billion
. CCE completed its planned share repurchases during the second half of 2015. As part of the Merger agreement, the
128,993,430
 shares held in treasury on the acquisition date, with a total cost of
€3.3 billion
, were cancelled. Since the Merger, there have been no share repurchases made by the Group until 2018.  In September 2018, the Company announced a new share buyback programme up to € 1.5 billion. For further details of the 2018 share buyback programme refer to
Note 14
.
Credit ratings and covenants
The Group’s credit ratings are periodically reviewed by rating agencies. Currently, the Group’s long-term ratings continue to be investment grade with stable outlook. Changes in the operating results, cash flows or financial position could impact the ratings assigned by the various rating agencies. The credit rating can be materially influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to, acquisitions, investment decisions, and capital management activities of TCCC, and/or changes in the credit rating of TCCC. Should the credit ratings be adjusted downward, the Group may incur higher costs to borrow, which could have a material impact on the financial condition and results of operations.
Summary of cash flow activities
2018

During
2018
, our primary sources of cash included: (1)
€1,806 million
 from operating activities, net of cash payments related to restructuring programmes of
€245 million
 and contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of
€56 million
; and (2) proceeds of
€398 million
 from the issuance of €
400 million
 1.5% notes due in 2027.
Our primary uses of cash were: (1) payments on debt of
€444 million
 (refer to Financing activities below); (2) dividend payments of
€513 million
; (3) payments related to the share buyback programme of
€502 million
; (4) capital spend on property, plant and equipment of
€525 million
 and software
€75 million
; (5) net changes in short term borrowings of
€131 million
 and (6) net interest paid of
€81 million
.
2017

During 2017, our primary sources of cash included: (1) €
1,623 million
 from operating activities, net of cash payments related to restructuring programmes of €
276 million
 and contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of €
58 million
; and (2) proceeds of €
600 million
 from the issuance of €
350 million
 floating rate notes due in 2021, and €
250 million
 net issuances of short-term borrowings.
Our primary uses of cash were: (1) payments on debt of €
1,180 million
 (refer to Financing activities below); (2) dividend payments of €
489 million
; and (3) capital spend on property, plant and equipment of €
484 million
.
2016

During 2016, our primary sources of cash included: (1) €
1,244 million
 from operating activities, net of cash payments related to restructuring programmes of €
212 million
 and contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of €
78 million
; and (2) proceeds of €
3.2 billion
 from the issuances of debt.
Our primary uses of cash were: (1) return of capital to CCE shareholders of €
3 billion
; (2) debt maturity payments of €
424 million
, primarily the $
250 million
 2.00% notes falling due in 2016, and the payment of €
73 million
 of debt obligations to TCCC assumed at the time of the Merger; (3) capital spend on property, plant and equipment of €
459 million
; and (4) dividend payments of €
204 million
.
Operating activities
2018 versus 2017

Our cash derived from operating activities totalled
€1.8 billion
 in
2018
 versus
€1.6 billion
 in
2017
. This
increase
 was primarily due to higher profit before tax and working capital benefits attained in the year.
2017 versus 2016

Our cash derived from operating activities totalled €
1.6 billion
 in 2017 versus €
1.2 billion
 in 2016. This increase was primarily due to the inclusion of Germany and Iberia operating cash flows for a full year versus seven months in 2016.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
183
Investing activities
Capital asset investments represent a primary use of cash for our investing activities.
The following table summarises the capital investments for the periods presented:

2018

2017

2016

€ million

€ million

€ million
Supply chain infrastructure

409

322

309
Cold drink equipment

109

160

115
Fleet and other

7

2

35
Total capital asset investments

525

484

459
No significant other investing activities took place during the year ended 31 December 2018 or 2017.
As part of our investing activities in 2016, cash and cash equivalent balances of €
149 million
 were acquired from Germany and Iberia in connection with the Merger. These cash inflows were partially offset in the year by the €
35 million
 cash payment used as the consideration to acquire Vifilfell hf. and €
4 million
 of other items.
During
2019
, we expect our capital expenditures to be in a range of
€525 million
 to
€575 million
 and to be invested in similar categories as those listed in the table above. We believe our operating cash flow, cash in hand and available short-term and long-term capital resources are sufficient to fund these plans.
Financing activities
Our net cash used in financing activities totalled
€1,259 million
,
€1,152 million
 and
€626 million
 in
2018
,
2017
 and
2016
, respectively.
The following table summarises our financing activities related to the issuances of and payments on debt for the periods presented (in € millions):
Issuances of Debt

Maturity Date

Rate

2018
2017
2016
€400 million notes

November 2027

1.5
%

398
—
—
€350 million notes

November 2021

floating

—
350
—
€500 million notes

November 2017

floating

—
—
499
€700 million notes

February 2022

0.8
%

—
—
695
€500 million notes

May 2024

1.1
%

—
—
493
€500 million notes

May 2028

1.8
%

—
—
491
Term loan

April 2021

floating

—
—
996
€500 million notes

March 2030

1.9
%

—
—
—
Total issuances of debt, less short-term borrowings, net of issuance costs

398
350
3,174
Net issuances of short-term borrowings

—

(A)

—
250
—
Total issuances of debt, net of issuance costs

398
600
3,174
Payments on Debt

Maturity Date

Rate

2018
2017
2016
Term loan

May 2018-2021

floating

(425
)
(300
)
—
€350 million notes

September 2017

3.1
%

—
(350
)
—
€500 million notes

November 2017

floating

—
(500
)
—
US$250 million notes

August 2016

2.0
%

—
—
(223
)
Payments of other non-current borrowings

—

6.7
%

(1
)
(10
)
—
Capital lease & other borrowings

—

—

(18
)
(20
)
(18
)
Repayments on third-part borrowings, less short-term borrowings

(444
)
(1,180
)
(241
)
Net payments of short-term borrowings

—

(A)

(131
)
—
(183
)
Total payments on debt

(575
)
(1,180
)
(424
)
(A)
These amounts represent short-term euro commercial paper with varying interest rates.
Our financing activities during 2018 included dividend payments totalling
€513 million
. These included
three
 dividend payments from March 2018 through to September 2018 totalling
€379 million
, each based on a dividend rate of
€0.26
 per share and
one
 dividend payment for
€134 million
 paid in November 2018 based on a dividend rate of
€0.28
 per share.
During 2018, 2017 and 2016, short-term borrowings of €5 million, €50 million and €200 million, respectively, were drawn against a credit facility and subsequently repaid prior to 31 December.
Our financing activities during 2017 included dividend payments totalling €489 million. These included €82 million paid in January 2017, based on a dividend rate of €0.17 per share, and four dividend payments from April 2017 through to December 2017 totalling €407 million, each based on an increased dividend rate of €0.21 per share.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
184
Our financing activities during 2016 included cash payments to CCE shareholders in connection with the Merger of €3.0 billion, as well as the repayment of a loan with TCCC of €73 million, assumed at the time of the Merger.
In 2016, prior to the Merger, two dividend payments were made on previously outstanding CCE shares totalling $136 million, or €122 million, based on an approved dividend rate of $0.30 per share. Subsequent to the Merger, the CCEP Board of Directors declared a dividend of €0.17 per share for the third quarter 2016, totalling €82 million, which was paid in October 2016.
Financial position
2018
 vs
2017

Refer to the business and financial review section for a discussion of the financial position in 2018 as compared with 2017.
2017
 versus
2016

31 December 2017

31 December 2016

Change
Change

€ million

€ million

€ million
%
Assets

Non-current assets

14,880

15,143

(263
)
1.5
%
Current assets

3,314

3,425

(111
)
3.0
%
Total assets

18,194

18,568

(374
)
2.0
%
Liabilities

Non-current liabilities

8,222

8,355

(133
)
1.5
%
Current liabilities

3,287

3,752

(465
)
12.5
%
Total liabilities

11,509

12,107

(598
)
5.0
%
Total equity

6,685

6,461

224
3.5
%
Total equity and liabilities

18,194

18,568

(374
)
2.0
%
Total non-current assets decreased €263 million, or 1.5%, from €15.1 billion at 31 December 2016 to €14.9 billion at 31 December 2017. This change was partially driven by a decrease in deferred tax assets of €218 million mainly related to US tax law changes enacted prior to year end. Property, plant and equipment reduced by €156 million which was offset by increases in intangible assets and goodwill of €40 million and €93 million, respectively, relating primarily to the finalisation of acquisition accounting for Germany and Iberia and currency effects during the period.
Total current assets decreased €111 million, or 3.0%, from €3.4 billion at 31 December 2016 to €3.3 billion at 31 December 2017. This change was primarily driven by a decrease of €23 million in inventories and €128 million in trade accounts receivable resulting from working capital initiatives.
Total non-current liabilities decreased by €133 million, or 1.5%, from €8.4 billion at 31 December 2016 to €8.2 billion at 31 December 2017. This change was mainly driven by a reduction of €116 million in our employee benefit liabilities primarily due to the actual return on underlying assets exceeding actuarial estimates, a reduction in non-current borrowings of €88 million reflecting early repayments on a term loan of €300 million, foreign exchange movements on our US denominated debt and issuance of €350 million floating rate notes, offset by an increase in our derivative liabilities of €92 million relating to our US denominated debt.
Total current liabilities decreased €465 million, or 12.5%, from €3.8 billion at 31 December 2016 to €3.3 billion at 31 December 2017. This change was primarily driven by the repayment of €300 million Eurobond notes in November 2017 and €500 million floating rate notes in December 2017, offset by commercial paper issuances of €250 million. This reduction was offset by an increase in trade and other payables of €115 million, primarily due to working capital initiatives.
Raw materials
CCEP purchases concentrates and syrups from TCCC and other franchisors to manufacture products. In addition, the Group purchases sweeteners, juices, coffee, mineral waters, finished product, carbon dioxide, fuel, PET (plastic) preforms, glass, aluminium and plastic bottles, aluminium and steel cans, pouches, closures, post-mix and packaging materials. The Group generally purchases raw materials, other than concentrates, syrups and mineral waters, from multiple suppliers. The product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC and agreements with some of our other franchisors provide that all authorised containers, closures, cases, cartons and other packages, and labels for their products must be purchased from manufacturers approved by the respective franchisor. The principal sweetener we use is sugar derived from sugar beets. Our sugar purchases are made from multiple suppliers. The Group does not separately purchase low-calorie sweeteners because sweeteners for low-calorie beverage products are contained in the concentrates or syrups we purchase.
The Group produces most of its plastic bottle requirements within the production facilities using preforms purchased from multiple suppliers. The Group believes the self-manufacture of certain packages serves to ensure supply and to reduce or manage costs. The Group does not use any materials or supplies that are currently in short supply, although the supply and price of specific materials or supplies are, at times, adversely affected by strikes, weather conditions, speculation, abnormally high demand, governmental controls, new taxes, national emergencies, natural disasters, price or supply fluctuations of their raw material components, and currency fluctuations.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
185
Off-balance sheet arrangements
The Group does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by the SEC in Item 5.E of Form 20-F, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Group's financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
Contractual obligations
The following table reflects the Group's contractual obligations as at
31 December 2018
:

Total
Less than 1 year
1 to 3 years
3 to 5 years
More than 5 years

€ million
€ million
€ million
€ million
€ million
Borrowings
(A)
5,543
469
1,557
1,045
2,472
Finance lease obligations
(B)
83
22
27
12
22
Operating lease obligations
(C)
300
94
126
43
37
Interest obligations
(D)
484
86
139
108
151
Purchase agreements
(E)
691
382
252
52
5
Total
7,101
1,053
2,101
1,260
2,687
(A)
These amounts represent the Group’s scheduled debt maturities, excluding finance lease obligations. Refer to
Note 11
 of the
consolidated financial statements
 for further details about the borrowings of CCEP.
(B)
These amounts represent the Group’s minimum finance lease payments (including amounts representing interest). Refer to
Note 11
 of the
consolidated financial statements
 for further details about the finance leases of CCEP.
(C)
These amounts represent the Group’s minimum operating lease payments due under non-cancellable operating leases with initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year as at
31 December 2018
. Income associated with sublease arrangements is not significant. Refer to
Note 20
 of the
consolidated financial statements
 for further details about the operating leases of CCEP.
(D)
These amounts represent estimated interest payments related to the Group’s long-term debt obligations, excluding financing leases. Interest on fixed-rate debt has been calculated based on applicable rates and payment dates. Interest on variable rate debt has been calculated using the forward interest rate curve. Refer to
Note 22
 of the
consolidated financial statements
 for further details about Financial Risk Management with CCEP.
(E)
These amounts represent non-cancellable purchase agreements with various suppliers that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify a fixed or minimum quantity that we must purchase. All purchases made under these agreements have standard quality and performance criteria. In addition to these amounts, the Group has outstanding capital expenditure purchase orders of approximately
€148 million
 as at
31 December 2018
. The Group also has other purchase orders raised in the ordinary course of business which are settled in a reasonably short period of time.  These are excluded from the table above.
The above table does not reflect the impact of derivatives and hedging instruments, other than for long-term debt, which are discussed in
Note 22
 of the
consolidated financial statements
.
The above table also does not reflect employee benefit liabilities of
€161 million
 which include current liabilities of
€19 million
 and non-current liabilities of
€142 million
 as at
31 December 2018
. Refer to
Note 13
 of the
consolidated financial statements
 for further information.
Properties
The Group’s principal properties include production facilities, sales and distribution centres, business unit headquarter offices, a shared service centre and corporate offices.
The table below summarises the main properties which the Group uses as at
31 December 2018
:

Great Britain
France
Belgium / Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Sweden
Germany
Iberia
Iceland
Total
Production facilities
(A)

Leased
1
—
—
—
—
—
1
1
—
3

Owned
5
5
3
1
1
1
16
10
2
44
Total
6
5
3
1
1
1
17
11
2
47
Sales and/or distribution facilities

Leased
5
—
3
2
13
2
34
81
—
140

Owned
5
—
—
—
—
1
9
8
—
23
Total
10
—
3
2
13
3
43
89
—
163
(A)
All production facilities are combination production and warehouse facilities.
The Group’s principal properties cover approximately
52.7 million
 square feet in the aggregate of which
10.6 million
 square feet is leased and
42.1 million
 square feet is owned. The Group believes that its facilities are adequately utilised and sufficient to meet its present operating needs.
At
31 December 2018
, the Group operated approximately
14 thousand
 vehicles of various types, the majority of which are leased. The Group also owned approximately
1.3 million
 pieces of cold drink equipment, principally coolers and vending machines.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
186
Disclosure controls and procedures
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
The Group maintains “disclosure controls and procedures”, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarised and reported within the time periods specified in the US Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Group’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Group’s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Group’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as at
31 December 2018
. Based on that evaluation, the Group’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Group’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The Group’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Group, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the principal executive and financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with IFRS issued by the IASB. The Group’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the Group’s transactions and dispositions of assets; (ii) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and the Directors of the Group; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use or disposition of the Group’s assets that could have a material effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control over financial reporting as at
31 December 2018
, using the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by The Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Group’s internal control over financial reporting as at
31 December 2018
 was effective. Ernst & Young LLP, the Group’s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the Group’s internal control over financial reporting as at
31 December 2018
, which is set out on page 103.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There has been no change in the Group’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
2018
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Group’s internal control over financial reporting.
Principal accountants’ fees and services
The Audit Committee has established policies and procedures for the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, to render audit and certain assurance and tax services. The policies provide for pre-approval by the Audit Committee of specifically defined audit, audit related, tax and other services that are not prohibited by regulatory or other professional requirements. Ernst & Young are engaged for these services when its expertise and experience of CCEP are important. Most of this work is of an audit nature. Tax services were awarded either through a full competitive tender process or following an assessment of the expertise of Ernst & Young relative to that of other potential service providers. These services are for a fixed term.
Under the policy, pre-approval is given for specific services within the following categories: advice on accounting, auditing and financial reporting matters; internal accounting and risk management control reviews (excluding any services relating to information systems design and implementation); non-statutory audit; project assurance and advice on business and accounting process improvement (excluding any services relating to information systems design and implementation relating to CCEP’s financial statements or accounting records); due diligence in connection with acquisitions, disposals and arrangements in which two or more parties have joint control (excluding valuation or involvement in prospective financial information); income tax and indirect tax compliance and advisory services; employee tax services (excluding tax services that could impair independence); provision of, or access to, Ernst & Young publications, workshops, seminars and other training materials; provision of reports from data gathered on non-financial policies and information; and assistance with understanding non-financial regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee has delegated authority to the chairman of the Audit Committee to approve permitted services provided that the chairman reports any decisions to the committee at its next scheduled meeting. Any proposed service not included in the approved service list must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee chairman and reported to the Committee, or approved by the full Audit Committee in advance of commencement of the engagement.
The Audit Committee evaluates the performance of the auditors each year. The Committee keeps under review the scope and results of audit work and the independence and objectivity of the auditors. The audit fees payable to Ernst & Young are reviewed by the Committee for cost effectiveness each year. External regulation and CCEP policy requires the auditors to rotate their lead audit partner every five years. (See
Note 15
 of the
consolidated financial statements
 for details of fees for services provided by auditors.)
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
187
FORM 20-F TABLE OF CROSS REFERENCES

Page
Part 1

Item 1

Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisors

n/a
Item 2

Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable

n/a
Item 3

Key Information

A - Selected financial data.

180

B - Capitalization and indebtedness.

n/a

C - Reason for the offer and use of proceeds.

n/a

D - Risk factors.

162-168
Item 4

Information on the Company

A - History and development of the company.

22, 109, 169-170, 177, 184

B - Business overview.

2-7, 16-17, 22-29, 109-112, 167, 173-174, 185

C - Organizational structure.

109, 149-150

D - Property, plants and equipment.

116-117, 184, 186
Item 4A

Unresolved Staff Comments

n/a
Item 5

Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

A - Operating results.

22-29, 112, 133-134, 181-182, 185

B - Liquidity and capital resources.

27-28, 119, 123-125, 131-132, 182-186

C - Research and development, patents and licences, etc.

114

D - Trend information.

22-29, 181-182

E - Off-balance sheet arrangements.

186

F - Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations.

186

G - Safe harbor.

196
Item 6

Directors, Senior Management and Employees

A - Directors and senior management.

49-56, 169

B - Compensation.

76-87, 126-131, 136

C - Board practices.

49-75, 169

D - Employees.

18-19, 133, 170

E - Share ownership.

19, 83-84, 169
Item 7

Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions

A - Major shareholders.

89

B - Related party transactions.

135-136

C - Interests of experts and counsel

n/a
Item 8

Financial Information

A - Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information.

104-150, 180-187

B - Significant Changes.

n/a
Item 9

The Offer and Listing.

A - Offer and listing details.

n/a

B - Plan of distribution.

n/a

C - Markets.

170

D - Selling shareholders.

n/a

E - Dilution.

n/a

F - Expenses of the issue.

n/a
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
188

Page
Item 10

Additional Information.

A - Share capital.

170-173

B - Memorandum and articles of association.

169, 174-177

C - Material contracts.

174

D - Exchange controls.

177

E - Taxation.

177-179

F - Dividends and paying agents.

n/a

G - Statement by experts.

n/a

H - Documents on display.

177

I - Subsidiary Information.

149-150
Item 11

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

120-123, 145-147
Item 12

Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities.

A - Debt Securities.

n/a

B - Warrants and Rights.

n/a

C - Other Securities.

n/a

D - American Depository Shares.

n/a
Part II

Item 13

Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies.

n/a
Item 14

Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds.

n/a
Item 15

Controls and Procedures.

103, 187
Item 16A

Audit committee financial expert.

58, 71
Item 16B

Code of Ethics.

58
Item 16C

Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

74, 134, 187
Item 16D

Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees.

n/a
Item 16E

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.

90, 171, 173
Item 16F

Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant.

n/a
Item 16G

Corporate Governance.

58
Item 16H

Mine Safety Disclosure

n/a
Part III

Item 17

Financial Statements.

104-150
Item 18

Financial Statements.

n/a
Item 19

Exhibits.

190
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
189
EXHIBITS
The following documents, which form a part of this Annual Report on Form 20-F, have been filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) via its EDGAR system and can be viewed on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
Exhibit 1
Articles of Association of CCEP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to CCEP’s Form S-8 registration statement filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016)
.
Exhibit 3.1
Shareholders’ Agreement by and among the Company, Olive Partners, S.A., European Refreshments, Coca-Cola GmbH and Vivaqa Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG  (incorporated by reference to Annex C to the proxy statement/prospectus contained in CCEP’s Form F-4/A registration statement filed with the SEC on April 11, 2016).
Exhibit 3.2
Form of Bottler’s Agreement entered into between The Coca-Cola Company and the bottling subsidiaries of CCEP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Form F-4/A registration statement filed with the SEC on April 7, 2016).
Exhibit 3.3
Coca-Cola European Partners plc Long-Term Incentive Plan 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to CCEP’s Form S-8 registration statement filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016).
Exhibit 3.4
Rules of the Coca-Cola Enterprises Belgium/Coca-Cola Enterprises Services Belgian and Luxembourg Share Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to CCEP’s Form S-8 registration statement filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016).
Exhibit 3.5
Trust Deed and Rules of Coca-Cola Enterprises UK Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form S-8 registration statement filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016).
Exhibit 3.6
The Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. 2010 Incentive Award Plan (As Amended Effective February 7, 2012) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2012).
Exhibit 3.7
The Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. Legacy Long-Term Incentive Plan As Amended and Restated (Effective December 14, 2010) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.1 to Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 14, 2011).
Exhibit 3.8
Deed of Assumption and Replacement relating to Equity Awards of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form S-8 to Form F-4 registration statement filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016).
Exhibit 8
List of Subsidiaries of the Company (included in Note 24 of the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 20-F).
Exhibit 12.1
Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Damian Gammell
Exhibit 12.2
Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Nik Jhangiani
Exhibit 13
Rule 13a-14(b) Certifications
Exhibit 15.1
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, UK
Exhibit 101.INS
XBRL Instance Document
Exhibit 101.SCH
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
Exhibit 101.CAL
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
Exhibit 101.DEF
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
Exhibit 101.LAB
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
Exhibit 101.PRE
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
The total amount of long-term debt securities of the Company and its subsidiaries authorised under any one instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Company agrees to furnish copies of any or all such instruments to the SEC on request.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
190
SIGNATURES
The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorised the undersigned to sign the Annual Report on Form 20-F on its behalf.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc
_____/s/ Damian Gammell_____
Damian Gammell
Chief Executive Officer
14 March 2019
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
191
GLOSSARY
Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the meanings shown below.
2010 Plan
CCE 2010 Incentive Award Plan
2016 UKCGC
the UK Corporate Governance Code (April 2016 edition)
2018 UKCGC
the UK Corporate Governance Code (July 2018 edition)
Admission
the date of the Company’s admission to the UK market (28 May 2016)
AGM
Annual General Meeting
ARR
Annual Report on Remuneration
Articles
Articles of Association of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
BEIS
Department for Business, Environment and Industrial Strategy of the UK
Board
Board of Directors of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
BPF
business performance factor
Brexit
the potential departure of the UK from the EU
Bribery Act or UKBA
the UK Bribery Act 2010
Business Unit
a business unit of the Group
CCE or Coca-Cola Enterprises
Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc.
CCEG or Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetränke or Germany
Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetränke GmbH (which changed its name to Coca-Cola European Partners Deutschland GmbH from 22 August 2016)
CCEP or the Group
Coca-Cola European Partners plc (registered in England and Wales number 9717350) and its subsidiaries and subsidiary undertakings from time to time
CCEP LTIP
Long-Term Incentive Plan 2016
CCIP or Coca-Cola Iberian Partners
Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A. (which changed its name to Coca-Cola European Partners Iberia S.L.U. from 1 January 2017)
CDP
formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project
CEO
Chief Executive Officer (of Coca-Cola European Partners plc)
CFO
Chief Financial Officer (of Coca-Cola European Partners plc)
CGU
cash generating units
Chairman
the Chairman of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
CIO
Chief Information Officer (of Coca-Cola European Partners plc)
Cobega
Cobega, S.A.
Coca-Cola system
comprises The Coca-Cola Company and more than 250 bottling partners worldwide
CoC
Code of Conduct
CODM
chief operating decision maker
Committee(s)
the five committees with delegated authority from the Board: the Audit, Remuneration, Nomination, Corporate Social Responsibility and Affiliated Transaction Committees
Committee Chairman/Chairmen
the Chairman/Chairmen of the Committee(s)
Committee member(s)
member(s) of the Committees
Companies Act
the UK Companies Act 2006, as amended
Company or Parent Company
Coca-Cola European Partners plc
Company Secretary
Company Secretary (of Coca-Cola European Partners plc)
Conflict
any matter which would involve a Director breaching his or her duty under the Companies Act to avoid a conflict of interest
CSR
Corporate Social Responsibility
CTA
Contractual Trust Arrangement
DEFRA
UK Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Deloitte
Deloitte LLP
Director(s)
a (the) director(s) of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
DRS
deposit return scheme
DTRs
the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority
EBITDA
earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
EEA
European Economic Area
EIR
effective interest rate
EPS
earnings per share
ERA
enterprise risk assessment
ESMA
European Securities and Markets Authority
ESP
Employee Share Plan
EU
European Union
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
192
EU Plastics Strategy
the European Strategy for Plastics in a Circular Economy
European Refreshments or ER
European Refreshments, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TCCC
Exchange Act
the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Executive Leadership Team or ELT
the CEO and his direct senior leadership reports
FCPA
US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977
FIFO
first-in, first-out method
Fimalac
Fimalac Developpement
FMCG
fast moving consumer goods
FPI
foreign private issuer, a term that applies to a company under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange that is not a domestic US company
FRC
the Financial Reporting Council
FRS
Financial Reporting Standards
FTSE4Good
a series of ethical investment stock market indices launched in 2001 by the FTSE Group
GAAP
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
GB Scheme
the Great Britain defined benefit pension plan
GDPR
General Data Protection Regulation of the EU
GHG
greenhouse gas
Group or CCEP
Cola-Cola European Partners plc and its subsidiaries and subsidiary undertakings from time to time
HMRC
Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, the UK’s tax authority
IAS
International Accounting Standards
IASB
International Accounting Standards Board
IAS Regulations
International Accounting Standards (IAS) Regulations relate to the harmonisation of the financial information presented by issuers of securities in the European Union
IEA
International Energy Agency
IFRS
International Financial Reporting Standards
IGD
Institute of Grocery Distribution in the UK
INEDs
independent non-executive directors of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
Initial INEDs
independent non-executive directors who were appointed to the Company’s Board on completion of the Merger
IPF
individual performance factor
the IRC
the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
ISAE 3000
International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
ISO
International Organisation for Standardisation
Legacy LTIP
CCE Legacy Long-Term Incentive Plan
Listing Rules or LRs
the Listing Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority
LSE
London Stock Exchange
LTI
long-term incentive
LTIP
Long-Term Incentive Plan
Merger
the formation of Coca-Cola European Partners plc on 28 May 2016 through the combination of the businesses of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A. and Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetränke GmbH
Merger Agreement
the merger agreement dated 6 August 2015 between Coca-Cola European Partners plc, Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., Coca-Cola European Partners Holdings US, Inc., formerly known as Orange U.S. HoldCo, LLC, and Coca-Cola European Partners US, LLC, formerly known as Orange MergeCo, LLC
NARTD
non-alcoholic ready to drink
NEDs
non-executive directors of Coca-Cola European Partners plc
NGO
non-governmental organisation
NYSE
New York Stock Exchange
NYSE Rules
the corporate governance rules of the NYSE
OFAC
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury
Official List
the Official List is the list maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority of securities issued by companies for the purpose of those securities being traded on a UK regulated market such as Euronext London
Olive Partners
Olive Partners, S.A.
Company or Parent Company
Coca-Cola European Partners plc
Paris Climate Change Agreement
the agreement on climate change resulting from UN COP21, the UN Climate Change Conference, also known as the 2015 Paris Climate Conference
Pension Plan 1 and Pension Plan 2
the Germany defined benefit pension plans
PET
polyethylene terephthalate
PFIC
passive foreign investment company
Remuneration Policy
the Remuneration Policy as approved by shareholders at the Company’s AGM held on 22 June 2017
rPET
recycled PET
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
193
Prospectus
the prospectus dated 25 May 2016 issued to investors regarding the admission to the standard listing segment of the Official List and to trading on Euronext London and the Barcelona, Bilbao, Madrid and Valencia Stock Exchanges (together the Spanish Stock Exchanges)
PSU
performance share unit
RMO
recovery management office
ROIC
return on invested capital
RSU
restricted stock unit
SBTi
Science Based Targets initiative
SAGP
Sustainable Agriculture Guiding Principles
SDRT
stamp duty reserve tax
SGP
Supplier Guiding Principles
SEC
Securities Exchange Commission of the US
Shareholders’ Agreement
the shareholders’ agreement dated 28 May 2016 between Coca-Cola European Partners plc and Olive Partners, S.A., European Refreshments, Coca-Cola GmbH and Vivaqa Beteiligungs Gmbh & Co. KG
SI
strategic imperative
SID
Senior Independent Director
SOX or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
S&P
Standard & Poor’s
the Spanish Stock Exchanges
the Barcelona, Bilbao, Madrid and Valencia Stock Exchanges
SUP Directive
Proposed EU Directive on the reduction of the impact of certain plastic products on the environment
SVA
source water vulnerability assessment
SWPP
source water protection plan
TCCC
The Coca-Cola Company
Transfer
the intention to transfer CCEP’s existing admission to trading on the market of Euronext London to the Main Market of LSE
TSR
total shareholder return
UK Accounting Standards
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Accounting Standards Board
UKBA or Bribery Act
the UK Bribery Act 2010
UKCGC
UK Corporate Governance Code (see also 2016 UKCGC and 2018 UKCGC)
UNESDA
Union of European Soft Drinks Associations
unit case
approximately 5.678 litres or 24 servings, a typical volume measurement unit.
US GAAP
the US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
US Tax Act
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2017 of the US
VAT
value added tax
WEEE
EU Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment
WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
World Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development Greenhouse Gas Protocol
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
194
USEFUL ADDRESSES
Registered office
Coca-Cola European Partners plc
Pemberton House
Bakers Road
Uxbridge
UB8 1EZ
Registered in England and Wales
Company number: 9717350
Share registration
US shareholders:
Shareholders in Europe and outside the US:
Computershare
462 South 4th Street
Suite 1600
Louisville
KY 40202
1-800-418-4223
Computershare
The Pavilions
Bridgwater Road
Bristol
BS99 6ZZ
+44 (0)370 702 0003
Report ordering
Shareholders who would like a paper copy of the Integrated Report, which will be despatched from around 17 April 2019, can make their request by post to the Company Secretary, Pemberton House, Bakers Road, Uxbridge UB8 1EZ, United Kingdom or by making a request via ir.ccep.com/investor-services/information-request or by sending an email to sendmaterial@proxyvote.com or by making a request via www.proxyvote.com or by phoning (in the US) 1-800-579-1639 or (outside the US) +1-800-579-1639.
Agent for service of process in the US
The Corporation Trust Company
Corporation Trust Center
1209 Orange Street
Wilmington, DE 19801
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
195
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This document contains statements, estimates or projections that constitute “forward-looking statements” concerning the financial condition, performance, results, strategy and objectives of Coca-Cola European Partners plc and its subsidiaries (together “CCEP” or the “Group”). Generally, the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “plan,” “seek,” “may,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “might,” “will,” “forecast,” “outlook,” “guidance,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “objective” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature.
Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from CCEP’s historical experience and present expectations or projections. As a result, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. These risks include but are not limited to those set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of this 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F, including the statements under the following headings: Changing consumer preferences and the health impact of soft drinks (such as sugar alternatives); Legal and regulatory intervention (such as the development of regulations regarding packaging and taxes); Packaging and plastics; Competitiveness and transformation; Cyber and social engineering attacks; The market (such as customer consolidation and route to market); Economic and political conditions (such as continuing developments in relation to the UK’s exit from the EU, political instability in Catalonia, “Gilets Jaunes” protest movement and demonstrations in France); The relationship with TCCC and other franchisors; Product quality; and Other risks.
Due to these risks, CCEP’s actual future results, dividend payments, and capital and leverage ratios may differ materially from the plans, goals, expectations and guidance set out in CCEP’s forward-looking statements. Additional risks that may impact CCEP’s future financial condition and performance are identified in filings with the SEC which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. CCEP does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required under applicable rules, laws and regulations. CCEP assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any forward-looking statements. Any or all of the forward-looking statements contained in this filing and in any other of CCEP’s respective public statements may prove to be incorrect.
Coca-Cola European Partners plc / 2018 Integrated Report and Form 20-F
196

Designed by Salterbaxter   An MSL Company This report has been printed on Revive 100 Silk – an FSC® certified        paper fibre  derivedderived  fromfrom  100%100%  prepre  andand  post-consumerpost-consumer  waste.waste.  accredited with the ISO 14001 and EMAS environmental standards. Printed by CPI Colour. CPI Colour are ISO14001 certified,   CarbonNeutral®, Alcohol Free and are FSC® Chain of Custody   certified. The inks used are vegetable oil based.

Coca-Cola European Partners plc Registered ofﬁ ce: Pemberton House Bakers Road Uxbridge UB8 1EZ Registered in England and Wales Company number: 09717350 www.ccep.com                                                                                                                                                               COCA-COLA  EUROPEAN  PARTNERS  PLC                                                                                                                                                                 2018  INTEGRATED  REPORT AND FORM  20-F
