         2024
Annual Report
(Stock Code: 02601)
Prelude to the 2024
Annual Report

Embracing digital finance is essential for insurers to
adapt to the sweeping changes of the era and cultivate
core competitiveness.


Committed to digital transformation, CPIC leverages
its strength in big data governance, combines finance
with digital technologies and continuously develops
industry-leading digital and AI capabilities to drive high-
quality development and deliver "Responsible, Smart
and Caring" services to customers.


From digital transformation to digital and intelligent
upgrading, CPIC is smart in many ways:


We utilise digital and AI technologies to empower
our services to create a new ecosystem of products
and services; to empower our customers to enhance
customer resource management capabilities; to
empower our operations to improve efficiency and user
experience; to empower risk control to build smart risk
management capabilities; and to empower investment
research to achieve a smart and integrated mode of
investment and research.
                                                      Elevator “risk manager” ensures
                                                              smarter and safer living




          “Elevator malfunction was much less frequent in the         “Now, with the Internet of Things and
    second half of this year, which made us very happy. I hope   elevator health assessment model, it is possible to
    this trend will continue into next year.” During a joint
                                                                 achieve prevention, hazard control and insurance
    meeting of the property owners’ committee, property
                                                                 compensation of elevator failures. Thanks to CPIC’s
    management company and neighbourhood committee
    at the end of 2024, Ms. Liu, a member of the property        smart services, our community has established
    owners’ committee, expressed her satisfaction with the       a full life-cycle safety management system
    work of the property manager.                                for elevators, covering usage, management,
                                                                 maintenance and insurance.”
          As head of the property management company, Mr.
    Li is a seasoned expert with nearly 30 years of experience         CPIC has pioneered the industry in building an
    in property management. In his view, community               innovative end-to-end risk reduction service model
    elevators have always been a pain point in property          underpinned by “insurance + technology”. With profound
    management. “The elevators have been running for a           customer insights, we have established a smart service
    long time, and malfunctions are increasingly frequent.       system    spanning       multiple   fields.   Empowered    by
    However, repair efficiency remains low, leading to poor      technology, we now offer a wider range of coverage
    experience for residents, high complaint rates and           for the real economy, with continued progress in
    elevated management costs for us.”                           risk reduction management. As an end-to-end risk
                                                                 management solution focusing on elevator operational
          In late 2024, the community homeowners voted to
                                                                 safety, "Tai Hao Ti" uses digital and intelligent capabilities
    use the proceeds from the residential maintenance fund
                                                                 to re-define risk management for residential property
    to purchase CPIC’s “Tai Hao Ti”, a smart, comprehensive
                                                                 management and offer more comprehensive protection
    risk management solution focused on elevator safety.
                                                                 to the general public.




2      China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
      CPIC developed an elevator inspection calculator,               Before the joint meeting, Mr. Li took the trouble to
which helps property managers collect nearly 50 safety           do some calculations.
data points across five key elevator components – the
machine room, car cabin, door operator, hoist way and                  “The numbers show that over the past six
pit bottom. The system can accurately identify potential         months, our elevator maintenance costs have
hazards and reduce malfunction rates by proactively              decreased by 20%, while the elevator failure rate
addressing risks. Leveraging data from five key dimensions,      has dropped by more than 30%. Even better,
i.e., elevator safety assessment, maintenance service
                                                                 the residents are now having a better elevator
quality, IoT real-time monitoring, elevator wear and tear,
                                                                 experience and happier with our work. Tai Hao Ti
and elevator operation failures, CPIC creates a real-time
“elevator health” evaluation model for each elevator. The
                                                                 really shows what smart services can do.”
“One Elevator One File” system enables full life-cycle digital
management of elevators, allowing property managers and
maintenance contractors to monitor real-time operational
data, receive automated failure notifications, and perform
condition-based maintenance.




                                                                                                 Prelude to the 2024 Annual Report   3
                                                             AI Anchor and digital avatars
                                                               boost insurance marketing

           In early 2024, Ms. Zhang, an agent manager of CPIC Life, received a short video from
    the Company which contained a message from the senior management: “Congratulations
    on becoming a Blue Whale Association Gold Member! We applaud your efforts to deliver
    professional service and comprehensive protection to customers over the past year. May
    you continue to excel and extend CPIC’s responsible, smart and caring service to numerous
    families.”

           Filled with excitement, Ms. Zhang shared this on social media, and in just two hours,
    nearly 200 likes poured in from her colleagues, friends, family and customers. A few days
    later, a customer contacted her and requested an up-sell, saying, “CPIC’s endorsement of Ms.
    Zhang has made me trust her even more."


4       China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
     Alongside Ms. Zhang, nearly ten thousand high-                “Many customers find my digital avatar friendly and
performing agents received this special gift about the same   natural. The videos explain insurance topics in an easy-to-
time. In the context of massive video-content generation,     understand way. Every video features an approval number,
CPIC Life used digital human technology to develop nearly     indicating it’s been vetted by the professional platform.
ten thousand digital avatars for its management team,         This builds greater trust among customers, boosts their
which can deliver personalized one-on-one congratulations     acceptance, and encourages them to reach out to me for
to qualifying agents within 24 hours. Unimaginable in the     advice, which allows me to spend more time to meet their
past, this has become an industry pioneer in large-scale      individual needs.”
customized motivation initiatives.
                                                                   In 2024, the platform released over 200 standardized
     CHEN, another CPIC agent, started exploring ways         templates, enabling agents to create more than 20,000
to promote and share insurance knowledge on social-           videos focused on the “Four Topics”: sharing personal
media platforms three years ago. “Back then, it would cost    stories, showcasing services, promoting products and
me thousands of yuan to have a customized video shot,         explaining recruitment. These videos had over 20 million
and I had to spend a lot of time on planning, editing, and    viewings, with production costs slashed to just 3% of those
post-production. Without any training in acting, I often      under traditional methods.
had to do many retakes during the shooting,” she recalled.
Because of these challenges, her video updates would
often fall behind schedule.

     In 2024, CHEN took part in CPIC’s AI Anchor Agent
                                                                   In October 2024, the Gartner Eye on
Empowerment Project. With just 20 minutes of image
                                                              Innovation Awards for Financial Services
scanning and 48 hours of modelling, a personalized digital
avatar was created for her.
                                                              unveiled its winners, and CPIC’s AI Anchor Agent
                                                              Empowerment Project was the runner-up in the
     The Project has created a system for collecting and      Asia-Pacific region for the year. These awards
managing resources of digital humans for life insurance
                                                              were initiated by Gartner, a world leading
agents, allowing for standardized and nationwide filming
                                                              IT research and advisory firm, to recognize
through resource integration. Using a self-developed
platform for digital human video creation and compliance      financial institutions that innovatively leverage
management and with guidance from business and                technology to drive excellence projects. The AI
compliance experts, agents can produce a fully compliant      Anchor Agent Empowerment Project, leveraging
video in just 5 minutes using the templates crafted           large models to enhance digital human
by professionals. The platform merges standardized            interactions, stood out from 400+ entries from
templates and traceable monitoring to ensure compliance
                                                              global financial institutions including banks,
in marketing content, enhance agent professionalism,
                                                              insurers, and securities firms. It offers customers
prevent mis-selling and better protect customer rights.
                                                              an innovative digital experience, empowers
                                                              agents with robust professional tools, redefines
                                                              industry standards for internet marketing, and
                                                              fuels high-quality growth of insurance business.



                                                                                               Prelude to the 2024 Annual Report   5
                                                         Automated claims handling for
                                                            better health management


          In April 2024, during a physical check-up, Mr. Wang            Thanks to timely treatment and easing of
    found that there was something wrong with his liver, and        mental stress, Mr. Wang’s condition stabilized
    it was later diagnosed as malignant tumour. This came as a
                                                                    and he was getting better. In a follow-up call, he
    huge shock for him and his family, causing them profound
                                                                    summed up his experience with CPIC in these
    anxiety. Apart from the physical and emotional toll, Mr.
    Wang had to deal with the overwhelming financial pressure       words: quick response, simple process, smart
    from the medical bills. Thankfully he was reminded of a         service, and great experience.
    health insurance product of CPIC he bought 3 years ago.
                                                                         It is CPIC’s technological strength that made it
          After completing the first course of therapy, Mr.         possible for Mr. Wang to experience fast, convenient and
    Wang’s family helped him submit a claims application.           worry-free service.
    To their surprise, on the afternoon of the same day,
                                                                         To deliver digital solutions for health insurance claims
    they received a notification informing them that nearly
                                                                    that can be duplicated and shared across the entire Group,
    RMB400,000 of claims payment had been made into his
                                                                    CPIC’s “Di08-4 Smart Claims Service Platform” project
    bank account. As the treatment continued, Mr. Wang
                                                                    utilizes and integrates many cutting-edge technologies,
    submitted another application and received another
                                                                    including smart review models, OCR image recognition,
    RMB20,000 by the following morning.
                                                                    in-depth data analytics, smart risk assessment and
          The claims application gave Mr. Wang a new sense of       real-time monitoring. This initiative has created a highly
    CPIC’s services. “Honestly, before the claims application, my   efficient smart claims system, which supports direct billing,
    wife and I were already raising money for the treatment.        real-time medical data transfer and fast claims among
    Receiving the payment within a single day truly exceeded        other things, thus meeting diversified needs of different
    my expectations. When it came to the second claim, I            customer segments.
    was overwhelmed by the sheer number of receipts and
                                                                         Powered by the Smart Claims Service Platform, claims
    documents. I reached out to CPIC customer service, and
                                                                    can be handled swiftly, whether initiated by customers or
    they advised me that I just need to scan and upload the
                                                                    automatically triggered by the system. When filing a claim,
    documents, and CPIC will take care of the rest – it’s really
                                                                    customers just need to upload photos of the medical bills
    convenient.”
                                                                    and records. The system can automatically detect issues
                                                                    with the images and instantly prompts the customer
                                                                    to retake and resubmit, which eliminates the hassle of
                                                                    repeated submissions, saving time and effort. Leveraging



6      China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
advanced AI-powered review technology, the system can                “Behind every medical bill lie not only needs and
automatically determine the coverage of various insurance       expectations of customers but also a test of CPIC’s service
policies and specific medications and calculate a precise       quality.” With the roll-out of the automated claims system,
reimbursement amount. The platform seamlessly interfaces        Ms. Cui, a seasoned claims specialist at CPIC Health, has
with various business systems to allow real-time data           seen a notable shift in her work approach. Since the smart
sharing and interaction, thus ensuring a smooth claims          claims platform takes over most of routine and repetitive
process.                                                        work, Ms. Cui and her team can now focus more on
                                                                tackling complex cases, helping customers resolve special
      The “Di08-4 Smart Claims Service Platform” project
                                                                claims issues, streamlining the claims process, and offering
delivers an efficient and adaptable digital solution
                                                                tailored rehabilitation guidance. This shift underscores
tailored to diverse health insurance claims, encompassing
                                                                CPIC’s philosophy of “product is the service”.
individual,   group   and   government-sponsored      health
insurance business. It is designed to support a large variety
of business scenarios. While boosting claims efficiency
across CPIC, the platform also enhanced the transparency            “We make insurance claims handling faster,
and accessibility of insurance services, reduced claims         smarter and better with technology.”
disputes arising from information asymmetry, and greatly
improved customer experience. It a good example of
“using data to create convenience for customers”. Taking
Lan Yi Bao (a long-term medical insurance product of
CPIC Health) as an example, over 85% of claims are
processed automatically, and 65% of cases are settled
within 3 minutes. This achievement represents a significant
milestone in the development of end-to-end claims
automation for CPIC Health.



                                                                                                   Prelude to the 2024 Annual Report   7
                                                       Upgrading smart pension service and
                                                         invigorating annuity management



          In response to growing demand for                                   pension   services   to   customers    nationwide   through
    smart pension solutions, Changjiang Pension                               a service platform with multiple channels and for all
                                                                              scenarios, including online services, over the counter,
    proactively adapted to trends and dynamics in
                                                                              WeChat service platform and WeChat mini-programs.
    pension finance, promoted fin-tech innovation,
                                                                              Corporate customers can choose from a range of online
    and continued to enhance service quality and                              and offline services based on their specific needs, thus
    efficiency based on customer expectations. It                             enhancing operational efficiency and service accessibility.
    has achieved a significant milestone with the
                                                                                    “For large corporate clients like us, the ability to
    launch of its next-generation core business
                                                                              centrally manage annuity plans across subsidiaries with an
    platform — the “Zhuo’er e+” smart pension                                 online approval and delegation system is a big plus. The
    service system.                                                           "Zhuo’er e+" service system has resolved long-standing
                                                                              issues in our work, particularly in managing pension plans
          As manager of the annuity programme of a major
                                                                              of our subsidiaries nationwide. It greatly reduced our
    corporation with nation-wide business, Ms. Huang and
                                                                              workload and enhanced operational efficiency.”
    her team have been struggling to effectively manage the
    annuity plans of the subsidiaries across China under the                        Before her retirement, Ms. Li turned to her friends
    group and ensure seamless and efficient communication                     for advice on how to collect her pension. Some told her
    with the employees.                                                       she needs to provide certain documents, others stressed
                                                                              the importance of figuring out the pension withdrawal
          Through           the       “Employer-Employee     Engagement”
                                                                              duration, and a few even mentioned tax. She found herself
    platform, which is part of the “Zhuo’er e+” smart pension
                                                                              a bit confused with all this information.
    service system, employees can manage tasks online
    including information collection, enrolment confirmation,                       In October 2024, Ms. Li officially retired. “I was
    benefit plan selection, and confirmation of pension                       worried that getting my pension would be a headache, but
    conversion or retention. The full digitalisation of the                   it was actually super easy! The platform walked me through
    “employee-employer-trustee” data and work processes                       everything step by step. It even calculated the withdrawal
    eliminates the inefficiencies of traditional models, where                options and taxes for me, all laid out clearly. I got it done
    enterprise annuity administrators would rely on phone                     without a hitch,” noted Ms. Li happily after using the
    calls, emails and paperwork to interact with employees.                   Changjiang Pension’s Personal WeChat Service Platform to
    Changjiang          Pension          delivers   comprehensive   digital   claim her pension.



8      China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
      Advanced in age and physically feeble, corporate                “Our mission is to be the trusted partner in annuity
retirees often lack tech-savviness and have no children          services for our customers, the go-to resource for effective
around. These factors, among others, make the process of         enterprise management, and the innovative solution for
claiming their pensions particularly challenging, whether        smart pension service.” That is the also the vision for the
it is navigating withdrawal methods, completing eligibility      “Zhuo’er e+” smart pension service system. The digital
checks, gathering required paperwork or understanding            pension platform features state-of-the-art cloud service
tax calculations. Changjiang Pension’s Personal WeChat           architecture and integrated design covering multiple
Service Platform has re-shaped the user experience with its      touch-points and channels. Since its launch, it has realized
“minimalist interaction” design. Once customers complete         paperless,   end-to-end   online   processing          of     annuity
real-name verification, the system automatically identifies      services, offering “anytime, anywhere” digital annuity
and verifies their information, providing a customized           access.
withdrawal plan tailored to their individual account. Key
details such as withdrawal periods, amounts, and taxes are
clearly displayed, making the annuity withdrawal process
                                                                     “Behind every annuity plan lie trust and
both convenient and stress-free. The smart services
                                                                 responsibility, as well as the shared hope for
underscore Changjiang Pension’s commitment to driving
innovation in pension management and services with
                                                                 a fulfilling life. We aim to ensure that every
technology. By employing a rules engine, over 90% of             contributor to the society receives care and
business scenarios are automatically reviewed. Powered           protection through CPIC’s responsible, smart
by distributed cloud computing, transaction processing           and caring service as they step into their silver
is   accelerated   to   ’minute-level’   speed,   while   fund   years.”
reconciliation for complex scenarios is fully automated,
thus significantly improving the accuracy and efficiency of
reviews and transactions.




                                                                                                    Prelude to the 2024 Annual Report    9
                                                    CPIC sets new industry benchmark
                                                            with DCMM 5 certification




           In October 2024, CPIC was informed by the China Federation of Electronics and
     Information Industry that it had obtained the highest level of DCMM (Data Management
     Capability Maturity Model) certification – the “Optimization Level (Level 5)”, which made CPIC
     the first insurance group in China with DCMM Level 5 certification.

           DCMM is an authoritative certification system in China’s data management field,
     encompassing 8 core capability domains, 28 capability items, and 445 assessment criteria. To
     the project team, obtaining this certification means that CPIC has reached an optimized level
     in data management, with a well-established data management system and mechanisms for
     continuous improvement. It is able to drive business innovation and development through
     data innovation and secure a competitive edge on the market. “Even in the tech industry,
     which leads in the use of IT, few companies have achieved Level 5 in their first assessment,
     which shows how stringent the standards are.”

           From commencing the certification process to passing the expert review, CPIC achieved
     this “ascent in digitalisation” within just four months, reducing the average timeline by two-
     thirds. “It is not just a test, but a process of refinement.” The project team sees the DCMM
     certification as an opportunity to measure up to advanced standards and push for self-growth.

           Obtaining the DCMM Level 5 certification in only four months is a testament to CPIC’s
     commitment to and sustained efforts in data management over the years. Focusing on
     technological capability building, the Company adheres to a planning-driven approach to
     systematically push forward key initiatives. In 2022, it launched and implemented a three-
     year data governance plan, laying a solid foundation for systematic development of data
     management; in 2023, it formulated the DiTP strategy; and in 2024, initiated the internal
     data “barrier-breaking” projects. During the process, CPIC continued to enhance investments
     in data management technologies, talent development and process optimization, and




10      China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
established a robust and well-rounded data governance                  Data governance requires long-term
framework. In data governance, the Company established           commitment and hard work. For CPIC,
a data governance system characterized by “top-down
                                                                 achieving the DCMM Level 5 certification marks
coordination    and   business-technology      collaboration”
                                                                 a significant milestone and a fresh starting
across four dimensions: organization, policies, mechanisms
and tools. In data security, it focused on data assets           point. CPIC will continue to refine the Group’s
and built three major systems, namely, management,               data management system, strengthen the
technology, and internal auditing. It put in place               governance of data assets and give impetus
comprehensive data security mechanisms underpinned               to the intelligent and digital transformation of
by routine security operations, refined differentiated           its insurance business. At the same time, it will
protection and smart security classification, which not only
                                                                 drive business innovation with data, further
ensures the safety of the Company’s data assets but also
                                                                 improve customer services and establish a new
lays a solid foundation for efficient use of data to unleash
its value. Through dedicated efforts, the Company has            benchmark of digitalisation for the industry.
achieved standardized, secure data management based on
rules and policies, creating a robust foundation for efficient
use of data to unleash its value. This also serves as a
powerful enabler for the Company’s digital transformation
and pursuit of high-quality development.



                                                                                            Prelude to the 2024 Annual Report   11
                                                   Forge new quality productive forces with
                                                                  Smart Digital Employees

          In July 2024, a forum on "Forge new quality productive forces with smart digital employee"
     was held during the World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC). At this event, CPIC unveiled a
     series of ground-breaking advancements in digital employee along with innovative applications
     implemented in key business areas, including the Digital Internal Auditor, Online Auto Insurance
     Claims Assistant, and Life Agent Smart Assistant. Numerous examples from the financial sector,
     where large models have been leveraged across various business areas to cut costs and boost
     productivity, have emerged as flagship achievements of CPIC’s large model initiatives. Attendees at
     the event acknowledged that this represents a major leap forward in the digital transformation of
     the insurance industry and a redefinition of the future of insurance services.




12     China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
      As the blueprint for China’s development over the                LIU is an internal audit supervisor at the Internal
next five years and beyond, China’s 14th Five-Year Plan          Audit Centre of CPIC, with 3 years of experience in reports
highlights digital transformation and the advancement            reviewing. Every day, LIU is tasked with the quality review
of artificial intelligence as a key driving force behind         of various internal audit reports, which involves extensive
high-quality economic and social development. CPIC               textual and data verification centering on compliance
proactively aligned itself with national strategies, seized      with norms, completeness of elements and data accuracy.
opportunities of innovation and promoted the use of large        The role involves a heavy workload and high level of
models for insurance, which has become the core of its           complexity.
’DiTP’ 2023-2025 technology strategy. Within just one year,
the Company successfully built a digital employee matrix               In March 2024, CPIC put into operation Digital
driven by large models, covering key areas including             Internal Auditors, powered by advanced large model
internal audit, P/C, life and health insurance. “Our digital     technology. Thanks to digital employees, LIU can now
employees can double as round-the-clock customer service         complete an automated quality review of a 20-page
specialists and capable assistants in business management        report within an average of just 60 seconds. “Working
and operations.”                                                 alongside digital employees has boosted our quality
                                                                 review efficiency, and we’ve seen a 45% year-on-year
      In September 2024, Typhoon “Bebinca” slammed               improvement in report compliance.”
into Guangdong. Mr. Qin stood by helplessly as the
rising floodwaters threatened to engulf his cherished car.              Through all-around modelling of actual internal
Without delay, he called CPIC’s customer service hotline         auditors, CPIC has established three categories of
“95500”, and to his relief, the call was picked up right away.   digital internal auditors, covering front-office intelligent
                                                                 verification, mid-office analysis and back-office quality
      “Hello, this is CPIC. How could I help you? ”              inspection management. This has enabled effective
                                                                 mapping between virtual digital employees and actual
      “My car is flooded! It’s flooded! ”                        internal auditing staff. Since their roll-out, digital internal
                                                                 auditors have been making a real impact, handling
     In his distress, Mr. Qin blurted out his worries, barely
                                                                 an average of over 2,000 internal audit tasks monthly.
pausing for a response.
                                                                 While alleviating the burden on internal audit staff and
      Guided by customer service, the reporting was              cutting costs, they boosted internal audit efficiency and
swiftly processed within just two minutes, giving Mr. Qin        strengthened risk management, thus becoming as an
much-needed reassurance.                                         indispensable asset to internal auditors.

      The call was brief, and Mr. Qin may not be aware that,          Developing on a whole-sale scale
at the other end of the line and behind the instant pick-up,     real-world applications for large models is an
the gentle female voice was a robot equipped with smart          on-the-ground example of the new productive
voice technology for real-world scenarios and a digital
                                                                 forces, which call for long-term endeavours.
form-filling assistant driven by large models.
                                                                 The deployment of digital employee is a
       Powered by cutting-edge natural language                  testament to the sustained development of
processing and machine learning algorithms, the 95500            CPIC’s digital capabilities. CPIC has built the
auto insurance claims reporting robot is capable of
                                                                 industry’s first fully independently-developed
accurately interpreting customer’s fragmented descriptions
and delivering swift responses, thereby streamlining and         and controllable IT infrastructure capable of
automating the claims process for enhanced efficiency. The       supporting trillion-parameter large models,
system has been fully implemented and is now operational         significantly improving their training efficiency
7*24. It achieves an end-to-end completion rate of over          and reasoning ability. The Company has trained
50%, while reducing the average call duration from 3             large models to become specialists in insurance
minutes to 2 minutes. This innovation cuts customer’s
                                                                 products, mathematics, healthcare, and
queuing time during peak hours and offers them faster
and more precise service, thus greatly improving customer        financial planning, and deployed them as digital
satisfaction and reducing operational costs of the call          employee along the insurance value chain,
centre.                                                          spanning marketing, customer service, claims
                                                                 management and risk management, so as to cut
                                                                 costs, improve efficiency and boost innovation
                                                                 in business models.


                                                                                                    Prelude to the 2024 Annual Report   13
     Contact us

     IR team

     Tel: +86-21-58767282

     Fax: +86-21-68870791

     Email: ir@cpic.com.cn

     Address: 1 South Zhongshan Road, Huangpu, Shanghai, PR China




14       China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
2024
Annual Report
CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD.
Contents
Important information   01
Corporate information
  and definitions       02
Business overview       04
Chairman’s statement    07




13                           Operating results
                             15

                             19

                             59
                                  Highlights of accounting and operation data

                                  Review and analysis of operating results

                                  Embedded value
Corporate governance
69

89

95
         Report of the Board of Directors and significant events

         Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile

         Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees
                                                                                                                                       67
111 Corporate governance

145 Environmental and social responsibility




149                                                                                                           Other information

                                                                                                              151 Documents available for inspection




Financial report
Auditor’s report

Financial statements
                                                                                                            153
Cautionary Statements:


Forward-looking statements included in this report, including future plans and development strategies, do not constitute a guarantee of the
Company to investors. Investors and other related parties are advised to be mindful of the risk, and be aware of the difference between the
Company’s plans or projections and its commitments.
You are advised to exercise caution.
6   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                      Important information




Important information

I.    The Annual Report 2024 of the Company was considered and approved
      at the 10th session of the 10th board of directors on 26 March 2025,
      which 15 directors were required to attend and 14 of them attended in
      person. Due to other business engagements, director CAI Qiang, John
      did not attend the board meeting and appointed in writing chairman
      FU Fan to attend the meeting and vote on his behalf.

II.   Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP audited the 2024 consolidated financial
      statements of the Company and issued the standard unqualified
      auditor’s report.



                                                     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                               CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD.




                                                             2024 Annual Report   1
    Corporate information and definitions




    Corporate information
    Legal Name in Chinese:                                        Announcements for GDR Published at:
    中國太平洋保險 ( 集團 ) 股份有限公司 (“ 中國太保 ”)                              http://www.londonstockexchange.com

    Legal Name in English:
    CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD. (“CPIC”)            Report Available at: Investor Relations Dept. of the Company


    Legal Representative: FU Fan                                  Stock Exchange for A Share Listing:
                                                                  The Shanghai Stock Exchange

    Board Secretary and Joint Company Secretary: SU Shaojun       Stock Name for A Share: 中国太保

    Securities Representative: CHEN Haozhi                        Stock Code for A Share: 601601

    Contact for Shareholder Inquiries:
    Investor Relations Dept. of the Company                       Stock Exchange for H Share Listing:
                                                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    Tel: +86-21-58767282
                                                                  Stock Name for H Share: 中國太保
    Fax: +86-21-68870791
                                                                  Stock Code for H Share: 02601
    Email: ir@cpic.com.cn
                                                                  H Share Registrar:
    Address:                                                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    1 South Zhongshan Road, Huangpu, Shanghai, PR China           Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
                                                                  Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
    Joint Company Secretary: NGAI Wai Fung
                                                                  Stock Exchange for GDR Listing: London Stock Exchange
    Tel: +852-39120800
                                                                  Stock Name for GDR: China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
    Fax: +852-39120801
                                                                  Trading symbol for GDR: CPIC
    Email: maurice.ngai@swcsgroup.com

    Address:                                                      Accountant (A Share):
    40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248 Queen’s Road East,   Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
    Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                                  Office address:
                                                                  Level 17, Ernst & Young Tower, Oriental Plaza, No.1 East
    Registered Office:                                            Changan Ave. Dongcheng District, Beijing, PR China
    1 South Zhongshan Road, Huangpu, Shanghai, PR China
                                                                  Signing Certified Public Accountants:
    Office Address:                                               GUO Hangxiang, WANG Ziqing
    1 South Zhongshan Road, Huangpu, Shanghai, PR China

    Postal Code: 200010                                           Accountant (H Share):
                                                                  Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP (Recognised PIE Auditor)
    Place of Business in Hong Kong:
    Suite 4301, 43/F., Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai,   Office address:
    Hong Kong                                                     Level 17, Ernst & Young Tower, Oriental Plaza, No.1 East
                                                                  Changan Ave. Dongcheng District, Beijing, PR China
    Website: http://www.cpic.com.cn

    Email: ir@cpic.com.cn                                         Accountant (GDR): Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP

                                                                  Office address:
    Selected Newspapers for Disclosure (A Share):                 Level 17, Ernst & Young Tower, Oriental Plaza, No.1 East
    China Securities, Shanghai Securities and Securities Times    Changan Ave. Dongcheng District, Beijing, PR China
    Announcements for A Share Published at:                       Signing Certified Public Accountants: GUO Hangxiang
    http://www.sse.com.cn

    Announcements for H Share Published at:
    http://www.hkexnews.hk



2   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Corporate information and definitions




Definitions
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:

“The Company”, “the Group”, “CPIC” or “CPIC Group”   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
“CPIC Life”                                          China Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                     China Pacific Property Insurance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group)
“CPIC P/C”
                                                     Co., Ltd.
“CPIC AMC”                                           Pacific Asset Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                     China Pacific Insurance Co., (H.K.) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Pacific
“CPIC HK”
                                                     Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                     Changjiang Pension Insurance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co.,
“Changjiang Pension”
                                                     Ltd.
“CPIC Fund”                                          CPIC Fund Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                     Pacific Anxin Agricultural Insurance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group)
“CPIC Anxin Agricultural”
                                                     Co., Ltd.
“CPIC Health”                                        Pacific Health Insurance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
“CPIC Capital”                                       CPIC Capital Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                     Pacific Insurance Technology Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance
“CPIC Technology”
                                                     (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                     China Pacific Life Insurance (H.K.) Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Pacific Insurance
“CPIC Life (HK)”
                                                     (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                     CPIC Investment Management (H.K.) Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Pacific
“CPIC Investment (HK)”
                                                     Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
“C-ROSS II”                                          China Risk Oriented Solvency System Phase II
“CBIRC”                                              Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
’’NFRA”                                              National Financial Regulatory Administration
“CSRC”                                               China Securities Regulatory Commission
“SSE”                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange
“SEHK”                                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
“LSE”                                                London Stock Exchange
                                                     China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises issued by Ministry of Finance of the
“PRC GAAP”                                           People’s Republic of China, and the application guide, interpretation and other related
                                                     regulations issued afterwards
                                                     The Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises Nos. 22, 23, 24, 37 and 25 promulgated
“New Accounting Standards”                           and revised by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China in 2017 and 2020
                                                     sequentially
“Articles of Association”                            The articles of association of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
“Hong Kong Listing Rules”                            The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
“Model Code for Securities Transactions”             C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                     Limited
                                                     Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
“Corporate Governance Code”
                                                     Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
“SFO”                                                The Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
                                                     Has the meaning given to it under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
                                                     Laws of Hong Kong), being a person who has an interest in the relevant share capital of the
“Substantial Shareholder”
                                                     Company, the nominal value of which is equal to or more than 5% of the nominal value of
                                                     the relevant share capital of the Company
“GDR”                                                Global depositary receipts
“ESG”                                                Environmental, Social and Governance
“RMB”                                                Renminbi
“pt”                                                 Percentage point

                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   3
    Business overview




    Business overview

    Key indicators
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million




       Group operating income                            Group OPAT attributable to             Group embedded value
                                                         shareholders of the parentnote 4
             404,089 +24.7%                                                                       562,066 +6.2%
                                                                 34,425 +2.5%

                          NBV of life business           Group net profit attributable to       Group core solvency margin
                                                         shareholders of the parent             ratio
                                       13,258
                 +20.9% (+57.7%note 1)
                                                             44,960 +64.9%                              182% +11pt
                                                                                                Group comprehensive solvency
                                                                                                margin ratio
                                                                   Group comprehensive                  256%            -1pt
                 NBV margin of life business                                 investment yield
                                                                  6.0% +3.3pt
                                         16.8%                                                  Group number of customers
                                                note 2                                          (’000)
                     +3.5pt (+8.6pt                  )
                                                               Group total investment yield
                                                                              5.6% +3.0pt
                                                                                                 183,176 +3,307

                                                                 Group net investment yield
       Underwriting combined ratio                                                              Annual cash dividendnote 5
       P/C businessnote 3                                                     3.8% -0.2pt

             98.6%                      +0.9pt
                                                                                                    RMB   1.08per share
                                                                                                    (tax included)




    Notes:
    1. NBV grew by 57.7% year on year before adjustment of economic assumptions.
    2. NBV margin improved by 8.6pt year on year before adjustment of economic assumptions.
    3. Consolidated data of CPIC P/C, CPIC Anxin Agricultural and CPIC HK.
    4. Figures for comparative periods were restated.
    5. Subject to SGM approval.




4   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Business overview




Core Competitiveness
As a leading comprehensive insurance group in China, we are committed to value creation and stay focused
on the core business of insurance, with steady growth of overall business results, consolidation of market
standings, continued progress in high-quality development, sustained improvement of comprehensive
strength, and increased contribution to China’s social and economic development and people’s well-being.



                   We stay focused on insurance. As an integrated insurer with multiple business segments along the insurance value
Focus              chain, we adopt sound business strategies, prudent risk management philosophies and a long-term perspective in
                   performance evaluation. We strive to enhance core functions, leverage the role of insurance in improving people’s
                   welfare, economic stability and social security, strengthen core competitiveness, with continued improvement in
                   professional capabilities. Our life/health insurance business, committed to value growth, persists in the business
                   logic of “creating value for customers with suitable products/services delivered via professional sales teams”, with
                   steady growth of business results and sustained improvement in KPIs such as NBV and NBV margin. The property
                   and casualty insurance business is committed to serving the New Development Pattern and steps up the risk
                   reduction system. Automobile insurance business focuses on customer resources management (CRM) and precise
                   management, and heightens strategic cooperation and partnerships, while non-auto insurance business diversifies
                   offerings of products and services to boost the new quality productive forces. As for investment, we adhere to
                   prudent, value, long-term and responsible investing, continuously strengthen the asset allocation framework across
                   market cycles and professional investment capabilities, improve ALM mechanisms, with steady growth of assets
                   under management.



                   Committed to prudent business operation, we continuously improve the corporate governance structure with legal
Prudence           entities shouldering the primary responsibility and optimise relevant rules and policies to ensure a clear division of
                   responsibilities and checks and balances, with mechanisms of well-coordinated operation of relevant governance
                   bodies. We establish and refine the performance evaluation system and incentive & restraint mechanisms balancing
                   short term and long term, development and risk management, which cements the foundation of sustainable
                   development. We put in place a risk management system covering risk governance, risk strategies and management
                   of major risk categories, continue to improve the soundness and implementation effectiveness of risk management
                   rules and policies, foster the culture and capabilities of risk management, adopt a pro-active, “look-through”
                   approach towards risk management and compliance, so as to ensure high-quality development and sustainable
                   value growth of the Company.




                   We are customer-oriented and forge ahead with transformation & innovation in a bid to foster new drivers for high-
Innovation         quality development. First, launching new products and models to serve China’s modern industrial system. We focus
                   on “bottlenecks” of technological advancement and needs of green industry development, with the debut of multiple
                   industry-first technology insurance products; explore coordinated equity investment and guarantee; increase
                   efforts in launch of industry-first green insurance products. Second, innovating the product/service system of health
                   service and elderly care to improve people’s welfare. We continue to expand the coverage of inclusive insurance
                   and upgrade its risk protection; step up innovation of private health insurance, focusing particularly on needs of the
                   elderly, children, women and migrant residents; build an integrated service system of “preventive care, diagnosis,
                   treatment, rehabilitation and elderly nursing”, while innovating modes of CRM to facilitate marketing activities.
                   Third, accelerate technological innovation and increase the use of digital applications. We start the design of Digital
                   and Intelligent CPIC to foster new models of “insurance + service + technology” and help with risk reduction; build
                   insurance large models, with increased penetration of Digital Employees and higher productivity.




Responsibility     We leverage insurance as “a cushion of economic shocks” and “a social stabiliser” to contribute to China’s
                   modernisation drive and create value for customers, employees, shareholders and the society. We strengthen the
                   system of consumer rights protection, enhance consumer protection governance and improve customer experience,
                   with increased visibility of “Responsible, Smart and Caring” CPIC Service. We optimise the HR management system,
                   step up training and development of young talent to strengthen succession and paths of career advancement. We
                   continue to enhance investor communication, improve transparency in information disclosure, maintain stable and
                   prudent shareholder dividend levels so that shareholders can benefit from the growth of the Company. We support
                   national strategies, deepen presence in regional integrated development to boost local economic growth; contribute
                   to rural invigoration and provide sannong (i.e., rural areas, farmers and agriculture) insurance with extensive
                   coverage, diversified product offerings and high protection levels. We continue to improve ESG management,
                   promote the responsible investing system and enhance due diligence management to facilitate sustainable social
                   and economic development of China; CPIC Blue, a philanthropic foundation, actively conducts charitable activities
                   in healthcare, elderly care, poverty reduction and green development, underscoring our commitment to corporate
                   social responsibilities.




                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report   5
    Business overview




    Honours and awards
    • CPIC Group maintained the ranking of 5th place among the World’s 100 Most Valuable Insurance Brands in 2024 released
         by BrandFinance.

    • CPIC obtained MSCI ESG “AA” rating, the highest rating received by Chinese insurance institutions.
    • CPIC Group chairman Mr. FU Fan won the 2024 Directors of the Year Award granted by the Hong Kong Institute of
         Directors.

    • CPIC Group was granted Best Cases of the Year at the 2024 Best Practices of the Board of Directors of Publicly Traded
         Companies organised by the Chinese Association of Listed Companies, and Best Cases of the Year at the 2024 Best Cases
         in Sustainable Development of Publicly Traded Companies organised by the same association.

    • CPIC was the first insurance group in China to obtain the DCMM (Data management Capability Maturity Model) Level 5
         (the highest-level) certification from the China Electronics Information Industry Federation.

    • CPIC P/C and CPIC Life both won top ranking among industry peers at the regulatory evaluation of consumer rights
         protection, and CPIC Health received high ranking on the Service Quality Index among specialised health insurers.

    • CPIC P/C, CPIC Life and CPIC AMC respectively won the 2024 Insurance Company Ark Award for Value-Based
         Transformation, the 2024 Insurance Company Ark Award for High-Quality Development, and the 2024 Insurance
         Asset Management Company Ark Award for High-Quality Development in the 2024 (9th) China Insurance Ark Awards
         sponsored by Securities Times.

    • CPIC Health’s “Lan Yi Bao – Long-term Medical Insurance Package” won the “Jin Kou Bei” Medical Insurance Product of
         the Year Award at the 2023-2024 “Jin Kou Bei” Insurance Product Competition sponsored by China Banking and Insurance
         News.

    • Changjiang Pension won the “China, Best Enterprise Annuity Manager”, “China, Fintech Innovation in Pensions”, and
         “China, Best Enterprise Annuity Scheme – Golden Sunshine Collective Enterprise Annuity Scheme” of the 2024 Best of the
         Best Awards sponsored by the Asia Asset Management magazine.




6   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s statement




               2024 Annual Report   7
    Dear shareholders,


          As the wheel of time turns, 2024 is now behind us, a year       improve, with stabilisation of core manpower and steady gains in
    of both challenges and opportunities. In the year, thanks to          productivity and agent income; channel diversification strategy
    the hard work of all my colleagues, we delivered solid business       delivered tangible benefits, with considerable increase in value
    results and achieved new milestones of development. On behalf         contribution from bancassurance and work-site marketing.
    of the board of directors and the management team, I’d like           CPIC P/C focused on key national strategies and initiatives,
    to extend our heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for your        increasing its support for the real economy. It enhanced
    unwavering trust and support.                                         customer CRM, refined precise management and improved risk
                                                                          reduction service, which helped to curb the expense ratio. As a
           The past year was marked by profound changes of the            result, underwriting combined ratio stood at 98.6%, with auto
    world rarely seen before, which reshaped global political and         and non-auto business lines both maintaining underwriting
    economic landscapes. Competitions among major powers,                 profitability, in tandem with a sharp increase in cash flows from
    heightened by election cycles across nations, have amplified          operating activities. In 2024, primary premium income from the
    uncertainties in global environment. Domestically, while facing       subsidiary exceeded the mark of RMB200 billion, a year-on-year
    multiple challenges amid a complex environment, China’s               growth of 6.8%. As for asset management, we continued to
    economy will maintain long-term, steady growth and its                refine an asset management framework across market cycles
    fundamentals remain intact. The insurance industry has been           and professional investment capabilities, seized structural
    pursuing transformation to seize the strategic opportunity            opportunities in anticipation of changes to macro-economic
    of high-quality development. Against such a backdrop, we              environment, developments of government policies and
    maintained strategic focus and consistency, pursued progress          evolving market trends and dynamics. Comprehensive
    while ensuring stability, advanced reforms in an all-around way       investment yield of Group investment assets reached 6.0%, up
    to strengthen our core functions and core competitiveness. As         by 3.3pt year on year.
    a result, we successfully fulfilled all operational objectives for
    the first full fiscal year following the election of the new Board,
    with steady progress and positive momentum in high-quality
    development.
                                                                          Group operating income                           Unit: RMB million


          Maintaining steady growth of core business segments             420,000
    to ensure stable fundamentals                                                                                        404,089
          In 2024, Group operating income amounted to
    RMB404.089 billion, a year-on-year growth of 24.7%, and of this,
    insurance revenue reached RMB279.473 billion, a growth of                                             +24.7%
                                                                          360,000
    5.0%; Group OPATnotes 1,2 reached RMB34.425 billion, up by 2.5%
    year on year; net profitnote 1 reached RMB44.960 billion, up by
    64.9% year on year. By the end of 2024, Group EV amounted to                               323,945
    RMB562.066 billion, a growth of 6.2% from the end of 2023, with
    net assetsnote 1 of RMB291.417 billion, up by 16.8%, and Group        300,000
    AuMnote 2 of RMB3,542.660 billion, up by 21.2% from the end of
    2023. We vigorously promoted ESG, and our MSCI ESG rating
    improved considerably to AA, leading among domestic insurers.                               2023                      2024
    We were granted the top-notch rating for information disclosure
    by SSE for the 11th consecutive year. We obtained the DCMM
    Level 5 (the highest level) certification, issued by the China        Group EV                                         Unit: RMB million
    Electronics and Information Industry Alliance, making us the first
    DCMM-accredited insurance group in China.
                                                                          580,000
          Staying focused on core business segments to                                                                   562,066
    consolidate foundation of value growth
          CPIC Life pressed ahead with the Changhang
                                                                                                             +6.2%
    Transformation, with steady growth of EV, continued                   540,000
    improvement in business quality and sustained optimisation                                529,493
    of policy persistency. For 2024, it realised RMB13.258 billion in
    NBV, representing a 20.9% increase compared to the previous
    year. The NBV margin reached 16.8%, marking an improvement
                                                                          500,000
    of 3.5pt. Before adjustment of economic assumptions, the NBV
    demonstrated a growth of 57.7%, with NBV margin up by 8.6pt
    year on year; the quality of the agency channel continued to
                                                                                              31 Dec. 2023            31 Dec. 2024


8        China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
      Breaking new grounds to strengthen engines of high-          care programme, was rolled out in 127 cities; we built an
quality development                                                elderly care system integrating preventive care, diagnosis/
      We aligned ourselves with the “5 Financial Priorities” and   treatment, convalescence, rehabilitation and old-age nursing
contributed to the new-quality productive forces. Technology       to meet diverse needs of customers. Digitalisation gained
finance gained momentum. We enhanced research on risks of          further traction. We strived to build a new model of “insurance,
tech companies across their full life cycles, launched multiple    service and technology”, with Digital Employees helping to
industry-first insurance products for emerging industries such     boost productivity and increased use of large models in claims
as integrated circuit, bio-pharmaceutical, AI and low-altitude     management of health insurance.
economy, explored coordination of equity investment and
guarantee to provide risk protection and funding to the                   Upholding business integrity to solidify foundation of
new-quality productive forces. Deepened innovation in green        sustainable development
insurance. We increased risk cover for key sectors such as                We fostered a corporate culture of honesty so that we can
new energy, green transport, green technology and carbon           win the trust of customers, regulators and the society. In line
finance, established and invested in green debt investment         with our customer-first business philosophy, we strengthened
schemes, green equity investment schemes, industry funds and       the ecosystem of services for full life cycle of customers,
portfolio-based insurance asset management products, and at        particularly intelligent service for different customer segments;
the same time enhanced data management of carbon emissions.        ensured effective response to major natural disasters such
Diversified offerings of inclusive insurance. We continued         as freezing rain at the beginning of the year, and Typhoon
to upgrade programmes of terminal illnesses, Huiminbao,            Capricorn and Typhoon Bebinca, so as to minimise loss of lives
long-term care and agricultural insurance to boost the coverage    and property. In 2024, both CPIC Life and CPIC P/C won top
and availability of insurance. Built competitive edge in pension   rankings at the regulatory evaluation of consumer protection,
finance. We were deeply involved in pilot programmes of            while CPIC Health ranked top on the Service Quality Index for
individual deferred pension schemes, specialised private           specialised health insurers. We are committed to compliance
pension and individual retirement accounts; we managed over        management, enhanced internal control, coordinated capital
RMB740 billion in corporate and occupational annuity funds,        planning, optimised solvency management and strengthened
with investment performance leading in industry; 15 CPIC Home      intelligent risk early warning. The Credit Risk Early Warning
retirement communities have been up and running in 13 cities,      Programme for Non-public Financial Instruments of the Group
with delivery over 8,800 beds; the brick-and-mortar Experience     was granted the Fin-tech Award by PBoC, while CPIC life and
Centres of Bai Sui Ju (Longevity Retreat), a home-based elderly    CPIC P/C maintained high ratings at regulatory Integrated Risk


                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report     9
     Group net profitnote 1                                   Unit: RMB million   At the same time, in response to investor needs, we continued to
                                                                                  improve transparency and quality of information disclosure, so
                                                                                  as to offer an all-around view of the business performance and
                                                            44,960                long-term development drivers of the Company to the capital
     45,000
                                                                                  markets both at home and abroad.

                                                                                         The achievements of the past year not only stand as
     30,000
                                               +64.9%                             testament to the commitment, perseverance and hard work of
                                                                                  all CPIC employees, but also laid a solid foundation for future
                                 27,257                                           success. In 2025, we expect the insurance industry will shift
                                                                                  further away from volume growth to value creation, accelerating
     25,000                                                                       transformation amid opportunities and challenges. The
                                                                                  resolution of the Third Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central
                                                                                  Committee mentioned “insurance” 13 times, while the State
                                  2023                       2024                 Council issued the Guidelines on Strengthening Supervision,
                                                                                  Preventing Risks, and Promoting High-Quality Development of
                                                                                  the Insurance Industry, underscoring an increasingly important
     Group OPATnotes 1,2                                      Unit: RMB million   role of insurance in advancing Chinese modernization. With
                                                                                  population aging, the silver economy thrives, which means
                                                                                  growing demand for healthcare and retirement service.
     34,500                                                34,425
                                                                                  Generative AI is expected to profoundly change the operational
                                                                                  process of customer service, marketing, actuarial service, claims
                                                                                  management and risk control, optimising business processes
                                                +2.5%                             and improving operational efficiency. As climate risk rises, it’s
     33,750
                                                                                  vital for the industry to enhance catastrophe risk management
                                 33,572
                                                                                  capability and boost green, low-carbon transformation of the
                                                                                  society and economy. In the meantime, China has introduced a
                                                                                  stringent financial regulatory system, with implementation of
     33,000
                                                                                  look-through supervision and C-ROSS II Phase II, which would
                                                                                  push for the return of the industry to the basics and facilitate
                                  2023                     2024                   high-quality development based on effective control of risks.
                                                                                  At the new stage of industry development, we can only meet
                                                                                  challenges and seize opportunities with an even clearer strategic
                                                                                  direction, a broader vision and more effective measures. We
     Group net assetsnote 1                                   Unit: RMB million
                                                                                  will stay focused on insurance, advance strategic priorities of
                                                                                  healthcare, AI+ and internationalization with relentless efforts,
                                                                                  pursue long-term value growth and embark on a new stretch of
     300,000
                                                          291,417                 journey of high-quality development.

                                                                                         We will continue to enhance core business segments to
                                               +16.8%                             consolidate foundation of high-quality development.
     270,000
                                                                                         CPIC Life will persist in the business strategy of “creating
                                                                                  value for customers with products and services delivered by sales
                                249,586                                           teams”, continue to promote CRM and improve the ecosystem
                                                                                  of products and services; nurture a career-based, professional
     240,000
                                                                                  agency force and press ahead with transformation to boost
                                                                                  sustainable value growth; upgrade channel diversification,
                             31 Dec. 2023               31 Dec. 2024              explore efforts to optimise bancassurance, inclusive insurance,
                                                                                  CRM of HNW customers and internet sales. CPIC P/C, on the
                                                                                  other hand, will put profitability first while ensuring stable
                                                                                  business performance, and accelerate the shift of focus from
     Ratings. We enhanced professionalism, efficiency and checks                  top-line growth to bottom-line growth; to be specific, it will
     and balances of corporate governance. We fully leveraged the                 enhance profitability through a host of measures, such as
     diversity and professional expertise of the board of directors, and          business quality control, enhancing capabilities in risk pricing
     ensured its central role in decision-making. We deepened the                 and claims management, empowering key distribution channels
     term – and contract-based management of senior management.                   in customer acquisition and improving the business model for
                                                                                  NEV. As for asset management, given the long-term nature of
                                                                                  insurance money, we will adhere to long-term investing, enhance

10       China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Group AuMnote 2                                            Unit: RMB million         We will accelerate the use of technologies and enhance the
                                                                               integration of “AI+” and business. Technology innovation has been
                                                                               a catalyst of new insurance products and models. We will continue to
3,700,000                                                                      refine the top-level design of the Digital & Intelligent CPIC initiative,
                                               3,542,660
                                                                               focused on AI+, improve infrastructure of large models, enhance
                                                                               digital and intelligent capacity, explore ways for AI+ to empower
                                    +21.2%                                     customer acquisition of business front-lines and agent recruitment;
3,100,000                                                                      deepen data mining, strengthen governance, remove the barriers
                      2,922,792
                                                                               so that data assets can be reflected on our balance sheets; improve
                                                                               mechanisms of data security, enhance protection of customer privacy
                                                                               and cyber-security, and improve security of information systems.
2,500,000
                                                                                      Internationalization is an indispensable part of our efforts
                                                                               to build CPIC into a world-class company. There is a compelling
                     31 Dec. 2023            31 Dec. 2024                      case for it. On the one hand, with internationalization we can better
                                                                               serve Chinese companies who are going overseas; on the other hand,
                                                                               internationalization can help us diversify risks and expand into new
                                                                               market, optimise corporate governance and increase our global
Group Number of Customers                                         Unit: ’000   influence. We will step up research, improve top-level design and
                                                                               prudently advance the agenda. We will deepen our presence in Hong
                                                                               Kong, and use Hong Kong as a stepping stone to accelerate overseas
200,000
                                                                               networks of offices, businesses and services, explore paths of overseas
                                                                               investment, foster global competitiveness and lay a solid foundation
                                                  183,176
                                                                               for international development.
                       179,869
180,000
                                                                                     A long journey requires firm steps and renewed commitments.
                                              +3,307                           CPIC has come a long way. Its progress would not have been possible
                                                                               without the wisdom and hard work of all its employees, or the
                                                                               trust and support of its shareholders. Looking ahead, we will work
160,000
                                                                               together and strive tirelessly toward the goal of “building CPIC into
                                                                               a top-notch insurance and financial group with global influence”.
                     31 Dec. 2023            31 Dec. 2024                      With a renewed vigor and a pragmatic approach, we will continue
                                                                               to embrace reforms and transformation so as to deliver sustainable
                                                                               returns for shareholders and contribute even more to a better life of
                                                                               our customers and the society at large.
coordination of assets and liabilities, maintain stable asset allocation
and strengthen “look-through” risk management of investment; build
investment research capabilities across market cycles, explore portfolio       Notes:
diversification, diversify investment strategies so as to enhance returns
                                                                               1. Attributable to shareholders of the parent.
on investment.
                                                                               2. Figures for comparative periods were restated.

      We will forge ahead with execution of healthcare and elderly
care strategies to promote integration of products and services.
We will seize opportunities arising from favourable government
policies to reform the payment of social medical insurance and boost
medical data sharing and accelerate the development of private health
insurance. We’ll diversify product offerings, optimise claims payment,
explore integration of on-line and off-line services to enhance
customer experience. We will participate in pension finance, leverage
our strengths as an insurer to build a service ecosystem, roll out the
new model of talent annuity, boost commercial annuity and prudently
manage pension funds. We will deepen integration of products and
services, build an ecosystem of healthcare and elderly care to create
value via collaboration. In particular, we will improve the system of                                                                                            FU Fan
“preventive care, diagnosis & treatment, convalescence, rehab care                                                              Chairman of the Board of Directors
and old-age nursing”, establish networks of premium care providers,                                                                                      CPIC Group
continue to enhance services of CPIC Home retirement communities,
and explore home-based and community-based elderly care.




                                                                                                                                            2024 Annual Report       11
Operating
results
                           Operating results
                           Highlights of accounting and operation data   15

                           Review and analysis of operating results      19

                           Embedded value                                59




14   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Highlights of accounting
     and operation data




                  2024 Annual Report   15
     Operating results
     Highlights of accounting and operation data




     1
      Key accounting data and financial indicators of
      the Company as at the year ends
                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million


                                                                                                                     2022
       Key accounting data                                    2024            2023       Changes (%)                                                2021              2020
                                                                                                         Unadjusted      Adjustednote 2

       Operating income                                    404,089        323,945               24.7         455,372           332,140           440,643           422,182
       Profit before tax                                    55,563          32,001              73.6          25,176            42,483            30,796            29,238
       Net profitnote 1                                     44,960          27,257              64.9          24,609            37,381            26,834            24,584
       Net profit net of non-recurring profit               44,926          27,135              65.6          24,505            37,277            26,699            24,569
         or lossnote 1
       Net cash flows from operating                       154,404        137,863               12.0         147,911           148,664           108,407           108,063
         activities

                                                                                                             31 December 2022
                                                       31 December    31 December        Changes (%)                                       31 December      31 December
                                                              2024           2023                                                                 2021             2020
                                                                                                         Unadjusted      Adjustednote 2

       Total assets                                       2,834,907      2,343,962              20.9       2,176,299         2,071,336         1,946,164         1,771,004
       Equity   note 1
                                                           291,417        249,586               16.8         228,446           196,477           226,741           215,224

      Notes:
      1. Attributable to shareholders of the parent.
      2. The Company adopted the new insurance standard and the new financial instruments standards from 1 January 2023. Figures of the year 2022 are restated according
         to the requirements of the new standards. According to requirements of the new insurance standard, the Company adjusted figures of the year 2022 which related to
         insurance business. According to requirements of new financial instruments standards, the Company did not adjust figures of the year 2022 which related to investment
         business.




                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                     2022
       Key accounting indicators                              2024            2023       Changes (%)                                                2021              2020
                                                                                                         Unadjusted      Adjustednote 3

       Basic earnings per sharenote 1                          4.67               2.83          64.9             2.56              3.89              2.79              2.63
       Basic earnings per share net of                         4.67               2.82          65.6             2.55              3.87              2.78              2.63
         non-recurring profit or lossnote 1
       Diluted earnings per sharenote 1                        4.67               2.83          64.9             2.56              3.89              2.79              2.63
       Weighted average return on equity                       16.6               11.4         5.2pt             10.8              19.2              12.2              12.6
        (%)note 1
       Weighted average return on equity
        net of non-recurring profit or                         16.6               11.4         5.2pt             10.8              19.1              12.1              12.5
        loss(%)note 1
       Net cash flows per share from                         16.05           14.33              12.0            15.38             15.45             11.27            11.55
         operating activitiesnote 2

                                                                                                             31 December 2022
                                                       31 December    31 December        Changes (%)                                       31 December      31 December
                                                              2024           2023                                                                 2021             2020
                                                                                                         Unadjusted      Adjustednote 3

       Net assets per sharenote 1                            30.29           25.94              16.8            23.75             20.42             23.57            22.37

      Notes:
      1. Attributable to shareholders of the parent.
      2. Calculated by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.
      3. The Company adopted the new insurance standard and the new financial instruments standards from 1 January 2023. Figures of the year 2022 are restated according
         to the requirements of the new standards. According to requirements of the new insurance standard, the Company adjusted figures of the year 2022 which related to
         insurance business. According to requirements of new financial instruments standards, the Company did not adjust figures of the year 2022 which related to investment
         business.
16    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                               Operating results
                                                                                                           Highlights of accounting and operation data




                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million


                                                       For the three months For the three months For the three months For the three months
 Key accounting data by quarter                            from 1 January to       from 1 April to       from 1 July to  from 1 October to
                                                              31 March 2024          30 June 2024  30 September 2024    31 December 2024




                                                                                                                                                              Operating results
 Operating income                                                   95,428               99,206              115,930                      93,525
 Net profit   note
                                                                    11,759               13,373               13,178                       6,650
 Net profit net of non-recurring profit or loss note                11,752               13,390               13,173                       6,611
 Net cash flows from operating activities                           49,887               40,038               38,822                      25,657

Note: Attributable to shareholders of the parent.




2
Non-recurring items                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million


 Non-recurring items                                                                                                                        2024

 Gains on disposal of non-current assets                                                                                                        2
 Government grants recognised in current profit or loss                                                                                      220
 Custody fees of entrusted operation                                                                                                            5
 Other net non-operating income and expenses other than aforesaid items                                                                      (161)




                                                                                                                                                              Other information
 Effect of income tax relating to non-recurring profit or loss                                                                                (32)
 Net non-recurring profit or loss attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                     –

 Total                                                                                                                                         34




                                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report      17
     Operating results
     Highlights of accounting and operation data




      3
      Other key financial and regulatory indicators
                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million


       Indicators                                                                                   31 December 2024/2024                       31 December 2023/2023

       The Group

          Investment assetsnote 1                                                                                     2,734,457                                   2,250,073
          Three-year average investment yield (%)        note 2
                                                                                                                              4.1                                           /
          Insurance revenue                                                                                             279,473                                     266,167
          Insurance service expenses                                                                                    243,147                                     231,023
          Insurance contract assets                                                                                            22                                        335
          Insurance contract liabilities                                                                              2,229,514                                   1,872,620
          Liabilities for incurred claims                                                                               105,497                                      95,226
          Liabilities for remaining coverage                                                                          2,124,017                                   1,777,394
          Reinsurance contract assets                                                                                     46,081                                     39,754
          Allocation of reinsurance premiums                                                                              15,891                                     15,838
          Recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers                                                        14,466                                     14,399
          Insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued                                                       92,520                                     46,741
          Reinsurance finance income for reinsurance contracts held                                                        2,103                                       1,174
       CPIC Life

          Contractual service margin of insurance contracts issued                                                      342,105                                     323,974
          Contractual service margin of the issued insurance contracts
                                                                                                                          18,392                                     11,731
            initially recognised in the period
       CPIC P/C

          Three-year average underwriting combined ratio (%) note 3                                                          97.7                                           /
          Three-year average underwriting loss ratio (%)          note 4
                                                                                                                             69.3                                           /

      Notes:
      1. Investment assets include cash at bank and on hand, etc.
      2. The Company adopted the new insurance standard and the new financial instruments standards from 1 January 2023. Three-year average investment yield was
         calculated according to the data based on the new insurance standard and the new financial instruments standards.
      3. Underwriting combined ratio = (insurance service expenses + insurance finance income or expenses + changes in insurance premium reserves + (allocation of
         reinsurance premiums paid – recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers – reinsurance finance income or expenses))/insurance revenue.
      4. Underwriting loss ratio = (incurred claims + changes in liability for incurred claims + gains or losses on the onerous contracts + insurance finance income or expenses
         + changes in insurance premium reserves + (allocation of reinsurance premiums paid – recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers – reinsurance
         finance income or expenses))/Insurance revenue.




18    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Review and analysis of
     operating results
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




     1
      Business overview
      I. Key businesses
      We provide, through our subsidiaries, a broad range of risk protection solutions, wealth management and asset management
      products and services. In particular, we provide life/health insurance products & services through CPIC Life, property and casualty
      insurance products & services through CPIC P/C and CPIC Anxin Agricultural, and specialised health insurance products & health
      management services through CPIC Health. We manage insurance funds, including third-party assets, through our investment
      arm, CPIC AMC; provide retirement financial solutions and other related asset management service via Changjiang Pension, carry
      out private equity fund management through CPIC Capital, and also engage in mutual fund management business through CPIC
      Fund. We also provide market-oriented technological empowerment service via CPIC Technology.

      In 2024, China’s insurance marketnote 1 realised a primary premium income of RMB5.70 trillion, up by 5.7% note 2 from 2023. Of this,
      premiums from life/health insurance companies amounted to RMB4.01 trillion, a growth of 5.7% note 2, and that from property and
      casualty insurance companies RMB1.69 trillion, up by 5.6% note 2. Measured by primary premium income, CPIC Life and CPIC P/C are
      China’s 3rd largest insurers for life and property and casualty insurance, respectively.
      Notes:
      1. Data for insurance industry came from the official website of NFRA.
      2. On a comparable basis.



      II. Main items on consolidated financial statements with
      change of over 30% and reasons
                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million


       Balance sheet items                                         31 December 2024      31 December 2023   Changes (%)    Main reason for the changes

       Securities purchased under agreements to resell                          10,905              2,808         288.4    Timing difference
       Financial Investments: Equity investments
         at fair value through other comprehensive                             142,014             97,965          45.0    Increase in the investments
         income
       Insurance contract assets                                                   22                335          (93.4)   Change in insurance business
                                                                                                                           Decrease in deductible temporary
       Deferred income tax assets                                                3,464              7,076         (51.0)
                                                                                                                             differences
       Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                          181,695            115,819          56.9    Timing difference
                                                                                                                           Increase in taxable temporary
       Deferred income tax liabilities                                           7,362              1,119         557.9
                                                                                                                             differences
                                                                                                                           Change in fair value of financial
                                                                                                                             investments at fair value
       Other comprehensive income                                               14,917              7,992          86.6      through other comprehensive
                                                                                                                             income due to capital market
                                                                                                                             fluctuation
       Non-controlling interests                                                27,064             18,118          49.4    Issuing bonds




20    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Operating results
                                                                                      Review and analysis of operating results




                                                                                                          Unit: RMB million


Income statement items                         2024       2023     Changes (%)    Main reason for the changes

                                                                                  Increase in gains from securities
Investment income                            26,907      7,053           281.5
                                                                                    trading and dividend income




                                                                                                                                      Operating results
Share of losses of associates and joint
                                               (540)      (386)           39.9    Increase in the investment losses
  ventures
                                                                                  Fluctuation of market value
Gains/(losses) arising from changes
                                             37,713     (11,712)        (422.0)     of financial assets at fair value
  in fair value
                                                                                    through profit or loss
Insurance finance expenses for insurance                                          Effect of gains arising from
                                             (92,520)   (46,741)          97.9
  contracts issued                                                                   changes in fair value
Reinsurance finance income for reinsurance
                                              2,103      1,174            79.1    Change in financial assumption
  contracts held
                                                                                  Decrease in impairment losses
Impairment losses on financial assets          (531)     (2,013)         (73.6)
                                                                                    of financial assets
                                                                                  Increase in impairment losses
Impairment losses on other assets              (406)      (253)           60.5
                                                                                    of investment properties




                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
Income tax                                    (9,122)    (4,090)         123.0    Increase in taxable income
                                                                                  Change in fair value of financial
                                                                                    investments at fair value
Other comprehensive income/(loss)             6,800      1,552           338.1      through other comprehensive
                                                                                    income due to capital market
                                                                                    fluctuation




                                                                                                                                      Other information




                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report      21
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      2
      Performance overview
      We focused on the core business of insurance, stayed committed to value growth and long-termism,
      deepened the customer-oriented strategic transformation, delivered steady growth of overall
      business results and further improvement of comprehensive strength. CPIC Life deepened the
      Changhang Transformation, with steady improvement of business performance; CPIC P/C strived to
      support the real economy, refined CRM and effectively responded to natural disasters, with further
      progress in high-quality development; asset management adhered to the ALM system across market
      cycles, enhanced professional investment research capabilities, with considerable improvement in
      value contribution.



      I. Performance highlights
      During the reporting period, Group operating income amounted to RMB404.089 billion, a growth of 24.7% from 2023, of
      which, insurance revenue totalled RMB279.473 billion, a growth of 5.0%. Group net profit note 1 reached RMB44.960 billion, up
      by 64.9% from 2023, with Group OPATnotes 1,2,3 of RMB34.425 billion, up by 2.5%. Group EV amounted to RMB562.066 billion, an
      increase of 6.2% from the end of 2023. Of this, Group value of in-force business note 4 amounted to RMB212.892 billion, down
      by 10.5%. Life insurance business delivered RMB13.258 billion in new business value (NBV), a growth of 20.9% yoy; with
      NBV margin of 16.8%, up by 3.5pt yoy. Before adjustment of economic assumptions, NBV grew by 57.7% and NBV margin
      increased by 8.6pt yoy. Property and casualty insurance business note 5 recorded an underwriting combined ratio of 98.6%, up
      by 0.9pt from 2023. Comprehensive investment yield of Group investment assets went up by 3.3pt year on year to 6.0%. As of
      the end of the reporting period, Group total number of customers reached 183 million, an increase of 3.307 million.




22    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                 Operating results
                                                                                                                                 Review and analysis of operating results




CPIC Life reported robust NBV growth with foundation of value creation further enhanced

>    NBV reached RMB13.258 billion, with NBV margin of 16.8%. Year on year, these figures increased by 20.9% and 3.5pt,
     respectively, and by 57.7% and 8.6pt, respectively, before adjusting economic assumptions.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Operating results
>    Written premiums amounted to RMB261.080 billion, up by 3.3% year on year.

>    OPATnote 2 of life insurance reached RMB27.591 billion, a year-on-year growth of 6.1%; contract service margin amounted
     to RMB342.105 billion, up by 5.6% from the end of 2023.

>    The agency channel deepened sales force restructuring, with sustained improvement in productivity and income of core
     manpower; bancassurance focused on value growth, with notable improvement in value contribution; business quality
     management was intensified, with continued optimisation of policy persistency.

Property and casualty businessnote 5 maintained underwriting profitability, with sustained premium growth

>    Underwriting combined ratio was 98.6%, up by 0.9pt from 2023. Of this, underwriting expense ratio stood at 27.6%, down
     by 0.9pt, and underwriting loss ratio 71.0%, up by 1.8pt.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
>    Primary premium income amounted to RMB203.541 billion, a year-on-year increase of 6.8%. Of this, non-auto business
     grew by 10.7% and accounted for 47.2% of total property and casualty insurance premiums, up by 1.6pt.

>    Auto insurance enhanced precise management and deepened presence in NEV business; non-auto business improved
     all-around CRM capabilities and advanced the risk reduction system.

Persisted in strategic asset allocation based on profiles of liabilities, with solid investment performance

>    The share of debt category financial assets stood at 75.9%, up by 1.4pt from the end of 2023; that of equity category
     financial assets 14.5%, the same as that at the end of 2023, and of this, core equitynote 6 accounted for 11.2% of total
     investment assets, an increase of 0.5pt from the end of the preceding year.

>    Comprehensive investment yield of Group investment assets reached 6.0%, up by 3.3pt year on year. Total investment
     yield was 5.6%, up by 3.0pt, with net investment yield of 3.8%, down by 0.2pt.

>    Group AuMnote 2 amounted to RMB3,542.660 billion, an increase of 21.2% from the end of 2023. Of this, third-party AuMnote 2
     amounted to RMB808.203 billion, a growth of 20.1%.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Other information
Notes:
1. Attributable to shareholders of the parent.
2. Figures for comparative periods were restated.
3. OPAT is based on net profit on the financial statements, while excluding certain P/L items with short-term volatility and material one-off items which management
   does not consider to be part of the Company’s day-to-day business operation. Of this, short-term investment volatility applies to business of CPIC P/C, CPIC Life
   and CPIC Health, etc., while excluding business based on VFA; it refers to the difference between actual investment income and long-term investment assumptions,
   while considering the impact of income tax. Material one-off items includes the difference between deductible amounts for pre-tax profit of the current period and
   the average deductible amounts for pre-tax profit of the preceding years.
4. Based on the Group’s share of CPIC Life’s value of in-force business after solvency.
5. Consolidated data of CPIC P/C, CPIC Anxin Agricultural and CPIC HK.
6. Stocks and equity funds included.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report      23
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      II. Key performance indicators
                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million


                                                                                      As at 31 December 2024          As at 31 December 2023
                                                                                      /for the period between         /for the period between
       Indicators                                                                                                                                        Changes (%)
                                                                                       January and December            January and December
                                                                                                       in 2024                         in 2023

       Key value indicators

          Group embedded value                                                                        562,066                            529,493                    6.2
          Value of in-force businessnote 1                                                            212,892                            237,974                  (10.5)
          Group net assetsnote 2                                                                      291,417                            249,586                   16.8
          NBV of CPIC Life      note 3
                                                                                                       13,258                              10,962                  20.9
          NBV margin of CPIC Life (%)note 4                                                              16.8                                 13.3                3.5pt
          Underwriting combined ratio of CPIC P/C (%)                                                    98.6                                 97.7                0.9pt
          Comprehensive investment yield (%)                                                               6.0                                 2.7                3.3pt
       Key operating indicators

          Insurance revenue                                                                           279,473                            266,167                    5.0
               CPIC Life                                                                               83,519                              85,461                  (2.3)
               CPIC P/C                                                                               191,397                            177,128                    8.1
          Group number of customers (’000)             note 5
                                                                                                      183,176                            179,869                    1.8
          Average number of insurance policies per customer                                              2.34                                 2.32                  0.9
          Monthly average agent number (’000)                                                             184                                 210                 (12.4)
          Surrender rate of CPIC Life (%)                                                                  1.7                                 1.8              (0.1pt)
          Total investment yield (%)                                                                       5.6                                 2.6                3.0pt
          Net investment yield (%)                                                                         3.8                                 4.0              (0.2pt)
          Third-party AuMnote 6                                                                       808,203                            672,719                   20.1
       Key financial indicators

          Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent                                        44,960                              27,257                  64.9
               CPIC Life                                                                               35,821                              19,532                  83.4
               CPIC P/C                                                                                 7,376                               6,575                  12.2
          Basic earnings per share (RMB)note 2                                                           4.67                                 2.83                 64.9
          Net assets per share (RMB)note 2                                                              30.29                               25.94                  16.8
          Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%)
               CPIC Group                                                                                 256                                 257                 (1pt)
               CPIC Life                                                                                  210                                 210                     –
               CPIC P/C                                                                                   222                                 214                   8pt

      Notes:
      1. Based on the Group’s share of CPIC Life’s value of in-force business after solvency.
      2. Attributable to shareholders of the parent.
      3. NBV grew by 57.7% year on year before adjustment of economic assumptions.
      4. NBV margin improved by 8.6pt year on year before adjustment of economic assumptions.
      5. The Group number of customers refers to the number of applicants and insureds who hold at least one insurance policy within the insurance period issued by one
         or any of CPIC subsidiaries as at the end of the reporting period. In the event that the applicants and insureds are the same person, they shall be deemed as one
         customer.
      6. Figures for comparative periods were restated.




24    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                      Operating results
                                                                                                                      Review and analysis of operating results




3
Life/health insurance business                                                                                                                                        Operating results

CPIC Life deepened the Changhang Transformation, continued to improve agency force quality,
increased value contribution from diversified channels and achieved steady growth of NBV and
NBV margin. CPIC Health rolled out the core strategy of “new products, new channels and new
technology”, with new models increasingly mature and quality of development gradually improving.


I. CPIC Life


                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
(I) Business analysis
CPIC Life follows the path of high-quality development and deepens the Changhang Transformation. In 2024, it reported
RMB261.080 billion in written premiums, an increase of 3.3% year on year.

Overall, the Changhang Transformation has delivered tangible benefits, with KPIs of the subsidiary showing momentum
of improvement. First, there was steady growth of EV and NBV, with sustained improvement in NBV margin. During the
reporting period, EV of CPIC Life amounted to RMB421.837 billion, up by 4.9% from the end of 2023; NBV reached RMB13.258
billion, a growth of 20.9% yoy; with NBV margin of 16.8%, up by 3.5pt yoy. Before adjustment of economic assumptions, NBV
grew by 57.7% and margin increased by 8.6pt yoy. Second, it maintained strong profitability. OPAT note reached RMB27.591
billion, a growth of 6.1% year on year, with net profit of RMB35.821 billion, a jump of 83.4% yoy. Third, stepped up customer
segmentation to increase the focus on mid-tier and high-end customers, with continued optimisation of customer mix;
the number of mid-tier customers and above from the agency channel increased by 2.6% year on year, HNW customers
from bancassurance grew by 3.6% and ultra HNW customers by 8.3%. Fourth, upgraded the “2+N” channel diversification
strategy, with considerable value growth from bancassurance and work-site marketing and sustained increase in their
value contribution. Fifth, the quality and mix of the agency force continued to improve, with steady improvement in core
manpower income and productivity. Sixth, business quality continued to improve, with sustained improvement in policy




                                                                                                                                                                      Other information
persistency and marked improvement of loss ratios of long-term insurance.

In 2025, CPIC Life will persist in high-quality development and pursue the supply-side reform focusing on the balance of “economic
value, customer value and social value”, with customer value at the core and laying the foundation for growth of economic and
social value. We’ll implement the new business strategy of “creating value for customers with suitable products/services delivered
by professional sales teams”, roll out the Polaris Programme under the 2nd phase of Changhang Transformation, deepen CRM, step
up channel diversification, optimise product mix, boost integration of healthcare and elderly care and enhance coordination of
assets and liabilities so as to drive development via transformation and steadily enhance our competitiveness.
Note: Figures for comparative periods were restated.


Written premiums of CPIC Life                                                  NBV and new business margin of CPIC Life
(Unit: RMB million)                                                            (Unit: RMB million)

       252,817                261,080
           1,174                 1,849            + 3.3%                                             +3.5 pt
                                15,850
          18,096
          38,069                40,902                                                                     16.8%



                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                                                                                        13.3%



         195,478
                                202,479
                                                       Agency channel
                                                                                         10,962            13,258           +20.9%
                                                       Bancassurance channel
                                                       Group channel                                                                    NBV
                                                       Other channels                                                                   New business margin
            2023                  2024                                                    2023                  2024
                                                                               Note: Before adjustment of economic assumptions, the NBV demonstrated a
                                                                                     growth of 57.7%, with NBV margin up by 8.6pt year on year.



                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report      25
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      1. Analysis by channels
      CPIC Life seeks to build a more diversified channel mix with the agency force and the bancassurance channel at the core, in order to
      expand avenues of value growth.

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                          2024                      2023              Changes (%)

       Written premiums                                                      261,080                  252,817                          3.3

          Agency channel                                                     202,479                  195,478                          3.6
             New policies                                                      36,896                   32,377                        14.0
                Regular premium business                                       28,727                   26,175                         9.7
             Renewed policies                                                 165,583                  163,101                         1.5
          Bancassurance channel                                               40,902                    38,069                         7.4
             New policies                                                      28,104                   33,291                       (15.6)
                Regular premium business                                       10,871                    9,024                        20.5
             Renewed policies                                                  12,798                    4,778                      167.9
          Group channel                                                       15,850                    18,096                      (12.4)
             New policies                                                      13,934                   17,208                       (19.0)
             Renewed policies                                                   1,916                      888                      115.8
          Other channels note                                                  1,849                     1,174                       57.5

      Note: Other channels include telemarketing & internet sales.


      (1) Agency channel
      CPIC Life put customers first, pressed ahead with high-quality transformation of the agency channel. It started with
      customers, enhanced customer insights based on customer segmentation, deepened activity management centering
      on customer profile analysis so that the customer mix can be more skewed towards mid-tier and high-end customers; it
      matched customer insights with products/services, and continued to diversify products/service offerings so as to provide
      tailor-made solutions to meet diverse needs in wealth inheritance, retirement & education and health protection; it strived
      to build a professional sales force, enhanced the succession of productive agents and promoted the development of honour
      systems, stepped up high-quality recruitment and coaching, with improvement in quality and mix of the agency force. In the
      reporting period, the channel realised RMB202.479 billion in written premiums, a year-on-year growth of 3.6%, and of this,
      regular-premium of new business amounted to RMB28.727 billion, up by 9.7%.

      The subsidiary focused on agency force development and strived to enhance agent capabilities, with stabilisation of total
      agent headcount and sustained improvement in their productivity during the reporting period. Monthly average agent
      number reached 184,000, with year-end headcount of 188,000, a growth of 2.7% versus that of 30 June 2024; monthly
      average FYP per agent reached RMB16,734, up by 30.4% year on year. Core manpower stayed stable, with a headcount of
      53,000 on monthly average basis, a growth of 10.4% year on year on a comparable basis; productivity and income of core
      manpower improved steadily, with monthly average FYP per core agent of RMB54,330, up by 17.9% and monthly average
      FYC per core agent of RMB6,868, up by 7.1% on a year-on-year basis.

       For 12 months ended 31 December                                          2024                      2023              Changes (%)

       Monthly average performing ratio of agents (%)                            68.3                     67.9                       0.4pt
       Monthly average FYP per core agent (RMB) note                           54,330                   46,094                        17.9
       Monthly average FYC per core agent (RMB)         note
                                                                                6,868                    6,413                         7.1

      Note: Figures for comparative periods were restated.




26    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Operating results
                                                                                                  Review and analysis of operating results




(2) Bancassurance channel
CPIC Life persisted in value-oriented bancassurance and fostered its competitive advantage to boost long-term development
of the channel. It focused on strategic partnerships, deepened its presence in bank outlets and optimised staffing of outlets;
pursued high-quality team building, training and management to strengthen professionalism; diversified exclusive product/




                                                                                                                                                  Operating results
service offerings of bancassurance to meet niche customer needs and improve CRM. During the reporting period, it realised
RMB40.902 billion in written premiums, up by 7.4% year on year, and of this, regular premium of new business amounted to
RMB10.871 billion, a growth of 20.5%.

(3) Group channel
CPIC Life adhered to the business strategy of “fully leveraging strengths and balancing between long-term and short-term
business” for group channel. In work-site marketing, we followed high standards, seeking to provide integrated insurance
solutions via professional teams on various work-places based on needs of corporate clients and their employees; for group
business, we continued to expand dimensions of value evaluation and upgraded the model of precise management; as
for inclusive finance, we aligned ourselves with government guidelines on the “5 Financial Priorities”, strengthened core
competitiveness, expanded coverage and improved industry visibility. During the reporting period, the channel recorded
RMB15.850 billion in written premiums. Of this, new premiums from work-site marketing reached RMB1.461 billion, a growth




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate governance
of 22.3% year on year, with improved business mix amid a top-line slow down.


2. Analysis by product types
CPIC Life strived to build a product/service system centring on “health protection, retirement/education and wealth
inheritance”, enhanced product innovation based on customer insights, diversified product offerings specific to customer
segments, in a bid to provide integrated “products + services” solutions to customers across their entire life cycles.

In health protection, it improved the product matrix of critical illness insurance, launched “Ai Xin Bao”, a CI product which
can satisfy customer’s needs for high protection leverage; optimised “Jin Sheng Wu You”, the pillar CI product, and added
features of multiple payment, raised SA, waiver of premium and return of premiums; explored long-term care insurance to
improve health risk protection for customers. In terms of retirement & education, it deepened the supply-side reform of
pension finance and continued to diversify individual pension products; stepped up promotion of participating products
to achieve breakthroughs in variable business. In wealth inheritance, the company upgraded the whole-life product suite
to meet diverse needs for death protection, wealth inheritance and long-term wealth management; rolled out elderly care




                                                                                                                                                  Other information
of CPIC Home retirement communities and the pilot programme of Longevity Retreat, a home-based care project; explored
the integration of pension finance and elderly care service, realised direct pay of pension trust funds under Shanghai Trust,
providing an integrated solution of “products + elderly care + trust”.

At the same time, the subsidiary continuously optimised business mix and promoted the development of regular-pay
business. For the reporting period, it recorded RMB40.876 billion in new written premiums from regular-pay business, a
growth of 12.0% year on year, accounting for 50.7% of total new written premiums, up by 7.3pt. By product types, traditional
business generated RMB38.889 billion in new regular-pay written premiums, up by 7.1% year on year; participating business
delivered RMB1.987 billion in new regular-pay written premiums, a sharp increase of 1,016.3% compared with that of 2023.




                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report      27
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                                            2024                         2023                   Changes (%)

       Written premiums                                                                     261,080                        252,817                              3.3

          Traditional   note
                                                                                             172,051                        159,543                             7.8
               New regular-pay business                                                       38,889                         36,303                             7.1
          Participating                                                                       55,509                         59,245                            (6.3)
               New regular-pay business                                                         1,987                           178                         1,016.3
          Universal                                                                           21,383                         18,812                            13.7
          Short-term insurance                                                                12,137                         15,217                           (20.2)

      Note: Figures for comparative periods have been restated; tax-deferred pension business has been incorporated into traditional business and is no longer listed
            separately.



      Information of the top five products in 2024
      For 12 months ended 31 December                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million


          Ranking      Name                                                                Type                  Written Premium                Main channel

                       Chang Xiang Ban (chuanshiban) whole life
               1                                                                       Traditional                           17,769           Agency channel
                       長相伴 ( 傳世版 ) 終身壽險

                       Chang Xiang Ban (shengshiban) whole life
               2                                                                       Traditional                           14,236           Agency channel
                       長相伴 ( 盛世版 ) 終身壽險

                       Jin You Ren Sheng whole life A (2014)
               3                                                                      Participating                          12,256           Agency channel
                       金佑人生終身壽險 ( 分紅型 )A 款 (2014 版 )

                       Chang Xiang Ban (anniversary celebration) whole life
               4                                                                       Traditional                             9,770          Agency channel
                       長相伴 ( 慶典版 ) 終身壽險

                       Xin Xiang Ban 2.0 whole life
               5                                                                       Traditional                             8,056           Bancassurance
                       鑫相伴 2.0 終身壽險



      3. Policy persistency ratio
      We continued to strengthen business quality control, and as a result, the 13-month policy persistency ratio of individual
      customers improved by 1.7pt to 97.4%; while the 25-month policy persistency ratio rose by 8.5pt year on year to 92.5%.

       For 12 months ended 31 December                                                            2024                         2023                       Changes

       Individual customers 13-month persistency ratio (%)       note 1
                                                                                                  97.4                          95.7                          1.7pt
       Individual customers 25-month persistency ratio (%) note 2                                 92.5                          84.0                          8.5pt

      Notes:
      1. 13-month persistency ratio: premiums from in-force policies 13 months after their issuance as a percentage of premiums from policies which entered into force
         during the same period.
      2. 25-month persistency ratio: premiums from in-force policies 25 months after their issuance as a percentage of premiums from policies which entered into force
         during the same period.




28    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                 Operating results
                                                                                                                                 Review and analysis of operating results




4. Top 10 regions for written premiums
Written premiums of CPIC Life mainly came from economically developed regions or populous areas.

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million




                                                                                                                                                                                 Operating results
 For 12 months ended 31 December                                                              2024                            2023                   Changes (%)

 Written premiums                                                                        261,080                         252,817                                 3.3

   Jiangsu                                                                                  30,099                          27,372                              10.0
   Zhejiang                                                                                 25,353                          24,081                               5.3
   Henan                                                                                    21,325                          21,314                               0.1
   Shandong                                                                                 19,903                          19,604                               1.5
   Guangdong                                                                                16,041                          14,895                               7.7
   Shanghai                                                                                 14,907                          13,887                               7.3
   Hebei                                                                                    13,559                          13,583                              (0.2)
   Shanxi                                                                                   10,200                          10,289                              (0.9)




                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
   Hubei                                                                                    10,015                           9,571                               4.6
   Beijing                                                                                   9,598                           9,432                               1.8
         Subtotal                                                                         171,000                         164,028                                4.3

   Others                                                                                   90,080                          88,789                               1.5



(II) Profit analysis
                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million


 For 12 months ended 31 December                                                              2024                            2023                   Changes (%)

 Insurance service performance and others                                                  28,000                          25,886                                8.2
   Insurance revenue                                                                        83,519                          85,461                              (2.3)
   Insurance service expenses                                                              (53,499)                        (57,178)                             (6.4)




                                                                                                                                                                                 Other information
 Total investment incomenote 1                                                            100,576                           36,708                            174.0
 Finance underwriting gains/(losses)note 2                                                 (86,499)                        (41,153)                           110.2
 Investment performance                                                                    14,077                           (4,445)                         (416.7)

 Pre-tax profit                                                                            42,077                          21,441                              96.2

 Income tax                                                                                 (6,256)                         (1,909)                           227.7
 Net profit                                                                                35,821                          19,532                              83.4

Notes:
1. Total investment income includes investment income, interest income, gains/(losses) arising from change in fair value, rental income from investment properties,
   interest expenses on securities sold under agreements to repurchase, impairment losses on financial assets, other asset impairment losses, and taxes and surcharges
   applicable to investment business, etc.
2. Finance underwriting gains/(losses) includes insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued and reinsurance finance income for reinsurance contracts
   held.

Insurance revenue for the reporting period was RMB83.519 billion, a slight decrease of 2.3% from 2023, mainly because of




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
adjustment of business mix of short-term insurance. We proactively scaled back on loss-making business and enhanced risk
selection in a bid to improve business quality and profitability.

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million


 For 12 months ended 31 December                                                              2024                            2023                   Changes (%)

 Insurance revenue                                                                         83,519                          85,461                               (2.3)

   Long-term insurance                                                                      72,831                          72,805                               0.0
   Short-term insurance                                                                     10,688                          12,656                             (15.5)




                                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report      29
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      Insurance service expenses amounted to RMB53.499 billion, down by 6.4% year on year, mainly due to decrease in cost of
      liabilities and adjustment of business mix of short-term insurance, which, in turn, resulted in lower claims payments.

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                        2024                     2023              Changes (%)

       Insurance service expenses                                           53,499                   57,178                       (6.4)

          Long-term insurance                                                42,629                   45,000                      (5.3)
          Short-term insurance                                               10,870                   12,178                     (10.7)


      Investment performance for the reporting period amounted to RMB14.077 billion, an increase by RMB18.522 billion, mainly
      due to growth of gains from fair value change and increase in securities trading gains as a result of capital market fluctuation
      and optimisation of equity investment strategies.

      As a result, CPIC Life recorded a net profit of RMB35.821 billion for 2024, up by 83.4% year on year.




      II. CPIC Health
      In 2024, CPIC Health accelerated execution of the strategy of “new products, new channels and new technology” and
      maintained rapid business growth, with new models increasingly mature and quality of development gradually improving.

      Under the New Accounting Standards, it delivered RMB2.735 billion in insurance revenue and health management fee
      income, a growth of 31.6% in comparison with that of 2023; recorded net profit of RMB91 million, up by 193.5%. The
      company capitalised on its strengths as a specialised health insurer and provided full support for CPIC Life and CPIC P/
      C in terms of product development and operations; it enhanced compliance and risk management in an all-around way
      and obtained outstanding results at various regulatory evaluations and rankings, with corporate governance ratings
      improving considerably to B and IRR ratings of AAA, the highest in industry, testifying to enhanced capability for sustainable
      development.

      The subsidiary focused on key target customer segments and strived to provide caring and professional health insurance
      products and related services. In particular, for youth customers on-line, it upgraded Lan Yi Bao again, an internet product
      brand, which added risk cover of out-patient and emergency both on-line and off-line, realised for the first time direct claims
      payment under “social medical insurance + private medical insurance” of 12 publicly-funded hospitals, making it the first
      long-term medical insurance product in industry which allows purchase of drugs or appliances outside hospitals. The product
      had acquired 2.42 million customers by the end of 2024, a growth of 78%. With regard to mid-market and high-end corporate
      clients, it upgraded the “Qi An Xin” programme, which covered state of the art pharmaceutical appliances; launched “Yi Pei
      Tong” service programme, which provided integrated solution of “healthcare + insurance claims” for company employees.
      In 2024, the growth of high-end group business further picked up and reached 26%. As for the elderly people, it stepped up
      innovation, upgraded the “Jia An Xin 2.0” product in collaboration with CPIC Life, which relaxed age limit on the insured up to
      72 years. The product has covered 83,000 customers since its debut. In terms of substandard risks, the subsidiary continued
      to explore the coordination of “insurance + healthcare”. It joined hands with West China Hospital and launched the Full-Cycle
      Managed Digital Therapy of Pulmonary Nodules, as part of the effort to expand the risk cover of private health insurance for
      people with prior medical conditions.




      III.           CPIC Life (HK)
      Given its strategic positioning of driving development via innovation and collaboration in the Greater Bay Area, CPIC Life
      (HK) considers it as its mission to provide the best health and retirement solutions for customers. It leveraged resources of
      the entire group, such as CPIC Home retirement communities and CPIC Family Doctor to build an integrated product/service
      system covering “insurance products in Hong Kong + elderly care in mainland + healthcare in mainland”. It pursues prudent
      business management, with steady growth of business volume and value contribution. In 2024, it realised RMB1.329 billion in
      written premiums, and of this, new business amounted to RMB1.055 billion, a growth of 470.5% year on year. With optimised
      business mix and improved cost control, it reported a net profit of RMB5.0102 million for 2024.




30    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                           Operating results
                                                                                                                           Review and analysis of operating results




4
Property and casualty insurance                                                                                                                                            Operating results


CPIC P/Cnote pursued progress while ensuring stable business fundamentals, implemented the “5
Financial Priorities”, supported the real economy, refined CRM and responded to natural disasters
in an efficient, timely manner, with steady growth of premiums and further progress in high-quality
development. Automobile business continued to enhance precision management and deepened
presence in NEV business; while non-auto business optimised business mix, captured market




                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
opportunities and improved the risk reduction system in an all-around way.
Note: References to CPIC P/C in this section are limited to the data of the subsidiary alone.




I. CPIC P/C
(I) Business analysis
During the reporting period, CPIC P/C recorded primary premium income of RMB201.243 billion, up by 6.8% from 2023, and
an insurance revenue of RMB191.397 billion, a growth of 8.1%, with an underwriting combined ratio of 98.6%, up by 0.9pt
year on year. Of this, underwriting loss ratio stood at 70.8%, up by 1.7pt; underwriting expense ratio was 27.8%, down by
0.8pt.




                                                                                                                                                                           Other information




Underwriting combined ratio of CPIC P/C                                                    Primary premium income of CPIC P/C
(Unit: %)                                                                                  (Unit: RMB million)

                                                                                                                 201,243       +6.8%
                                                                                                  188,342
            97.7                  98.6          +0.9pt



                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                                                                                                     84,828
                                                                                                                  93,941       +10.7%
            28.6                   27.8         -0.8pt



                                   70.8                                                             103,514      107,302       +3.7%
            69.1                                +1.7pt

                                                              Underwriting expense ratio                                                           Non-auto

            2023                   2024                       Underwriting loss ratio                 2023         2024                            Auto




                                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report      31
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      1. Analysis by lines of business
                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                         2024                     2023               Changes (%)

       Primary premium income                                               201,243                  188,342                         6.8

          Automobile insurance                                              107,302                   103,514                        3.7
             Compulsory automobile insurance                                  28,459                   27,298                        4.3
             Commercial automobile insurance                                  78,843                   76,216                        3.4
          Non-automobile insurance                                            93,941                   84,828                       10.7
             Liability insurance                                              22,209                   19,657                       13.0
             Health insurance                                                 20,288                   17,361                       16.9
             Agricultural insurance                                           19,278                   17,721                        8.8
             Commercial property insurance                                     7,836                    6,813                       15.0
             Others                                                           24,330                   23,276                        4.5


      (1) Automobile insurance
      CPIC P/C strived for “profitability, sustainability and resilience via precise management” for its automobile insurance business.
      It optimised auto insurance business mix, smoothed out business seasonality, enhanced business fundamentals, optimised
      resource allocation and improved productivity. In 2024, it reported primary premium income of RMB107.302 billion from
      automobile business, a growth of 3.7% year on year, with an underwriting combined ratio of 98.2%, up by 0.6pt year on
      year. Of this, underwriting loss ratio stood at 73.3%, up by 2.7pt and underwriting expense ratio 24.9%, down by 2.1pt. The
      company explored new business model for NEVs to improve its operational efficiency and deliver exclusive services. In 2024,
      NEV accounted for 17.0% of total auto insurance premiums and cumulatively provided risk cover to over 4.6 million vehicles
      owners.

      (2) Non-automobile insurance
      CPIC P/C optimised business mix of non-auto insurance, seized market opportunities, enhanced technological empowerment
      and comprehensive CRM capabilities, and strengthened the risk control platform and risk reduction system in an all-around
      way. During the reporting period, it posted RMB93.941 billion in primary premium income from non-auto insurance, up by
      10.7% year on year, with an underwriting combined ratio of 99.1%, up by 1.4pt from the preceding year, due to increased
      claims ratio as a result of higher frequency of natural disasters.

      Liability insurance centred on the New Development Pattern, deepened strategic partnership with local governments and
      stepped up support for modernisation of state governance, the real economy and society. At the same time, it exercised
      stringent control of high-risk business, including launching campaigns to eliminate or improve projects/business lines with
      high claims ratios, so as to boost high-quality development of the business. During the reporting period, the business line
      delivered RMB22.209 billion in primary premium income, up by 13.0% from 2023.

      Health insurance aligned itself with the healthcare strategy of the Group, continued to cement cooperation with
      governments so as to ensure balanced development of both government-sponsored business and commercial business. It
      stepped up development of traditional business such as terminal illnesses and accident injury, while accelerating deployment
      in emerging business areas to boost the development of health insurance. In the meantime, it also paid attention to business
      quality control and claims cost reduction. During the reporting period, health insurance reported RMB20.288 billion in
      primary premium income, a growth of 16.9% year on year.

      Agricultural insurance, to support China’s Rural Invigoration Initiative, rolled out full-cost indemnity insurance of the 3 staple
      crops to improve the coverage and protection levels of the business line; expanded its insurance coverage to meet needs for
      risk protection of local specialty agriculture business; promoted innovation in services under “agricultural insurance+” and
      enhanced integrated supply of models, products, research and technology to meet diverse needs of governments, leading
      agricultural firms, new types of agribusinesses and farmers, further strengthened the precise underwriting and precise claims
      management, and enhanced the compliance and control efficiency of agricultural insurance. During the reporting period, the
      business line delivered RMB19.278 billion in primary premium income, up by 8.8% year on year.




32    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Operating results
                                                                                                    Review and analysis of operating results




Commercial property insurance pro-actively supported the steady development of China’s economy, continued to
consolidate leadership in business from strategic accounts in power generation and petrochemicals, as well as from blanket
insurance policies. On the other hand, CPIC P/C vigorously acquired customers from strategic emerging sectors such as green
energy and semi-conductors, while improving business development of high-quality mirco- and small-sized businesses via




                                                                                                                                                    Operating results
bancassurance and cross-sell. At the same time, it enhanced integrated risk management of risk survey, u/w and claims
management to ensure its role as the “cornerstone” of non-auto business. In 2024, the company generated RMB7.836 billion
in primary premium income from the business line, up by 15.0% year on year.

(3) Key financials of major business lines
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


For 12 months ended 31 December 2024

                                                Primary premium                                                      Underwriting
Name of insurance                                                   Amounts Insured     Underwriting profit
                                                         income                                                  combined ratio (%)

Automobile insurance                                    107,302          110,520,713                 1,868                         98.2
Liability insurance                                      22,209        3,911,849,139                     (811)                   103.7




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
Health insurance                                         20,288          510,869,278                     (429)                   104.3
Agricultural insurance                                   19,278               614,853                    243                       98.7
Commercial property insurance                             7,836           21,248,318                     (310)                   103.8



2. Top 10 regions for premium income
CPIC P/C derived RMB132.855 billion in primary premium income from the top 10 regional markets in 2024, up by 7.7% year
on year and accounting for 66.0% of total premiums. The company aligned itself with national strategies, particularly regional
integrated development initiatives and continued to drive business development of its branch offices.

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


For 12 months ended 31 December                                        2024                      2023                   Changes (%)

Primary premium income                                              201,243                   188,342                               6.8




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
  Guangdong                                                          26,073                     24,508                              6.4
  Jiangsu                                                            23,102                     21,189                              9.0
  Zhejiang                                                           20,018                     18,585                              7.7
  Shanghai                                                           15,397                     14,122                              9.0
  Shandong                                                           11,463                     10,434                              9.9
  Sichuan                                                             8,063                      7,330                             10.0
  Henan                                                               7,331                      6,814                              7.6
  Hunan                                                               7,223                      6,635                              8.9
  Hubei                                                               7,108                      6,850                              3.8
  Hebei                                                               7,077                      6,884                              2.8
    Subtotal                                                        132,855                   123,351                               7.7

  Others                                                             68,388                     64,991                              5.2




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report      33
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      3. Premium income by channels
      Below sets out the primary premium income by channels during the reporting period.

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                                            2024                            2023                  Changes (%)

       Primary premium income                                                                 201,243                        188,342                               6.8

          Agency                                                                               117,701                        110,840                              6.2
          Direct                                                                                54,629                          51,892                             5.3
          Brokerage                                                                             28,913                          25,610                            12.9



      (II) Profit analysis
                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                                            2024                            2023                  Changes (%)

       Insurance revenue                                                                       191,397                        177,128                              8.1
       Insurance service expenses                                                             (184,658)                      (170,240)                             8.5
       Net income/(losses) from reinsurance contracts held note 1                                  (843)                          (235)                         258.7
       Underwriting finance losses and othersnote 2                                              (3,224)                        (2,513)                           28.3
       Underwriting profit                                                                       2,672                          4,140                           (35.5)
          Underwriting combined ratio(%)                                                           98.6                           97.7                           0.9pt

       Total investment income          note 3
                                                                                                 7,554                          4,780                            58.0
       Net of other income and expenses                                                          (1,089)                          (899)                           21.1
       Pre-tax profit                                                                            9,137                          8,021                            13.9

       Income tax                                                                                (1,761)                        (1,446)                           21.8
       Net profit                                                                                7,376                          6,575                            12.2

      Notes:
      1. Net income/(losses) from reinsurance contracts held include allocation of reinsurance premiums, recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers,
         reinsurance finance income for reinsurance contracts held, etc.
      2. Underwriting finance losses and others include insurance finance income or expenses and changes in insurance premium reserves, etc.
      3. Total investment income includes investment income, interest income, gains/(losses) arising from change in fair value, rental income from investment properties,
         interest expenses on securities sold under agreements to repurchase, interest expense on capital replenishment bonds, taxes and surcharges applicable to
         investment business and impairment losses on financial assets, etc.


      Insurance revenue for the reporting period amounted to RMB191.397 billion, up by 8.1% year on year, mainly as a result of
      growth of overall business. Of this, insurance revenue of automobile insurance reached RMB106.329 billion, up by 4.3%, and
      that of non-auto insurance RMB85.068 billion, an increase of 13.1%.

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                                            2024                            2023                  Changes (%)

       Insurance revenue                                                                      191,397                        177,128                               8.1

          Automobile insurance                                                                 106,329                        101,929                              4.3
          Non-automobile insurance                                                              85,068                          75,199                            13.1




34    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Operating results
                                                                                                    Review and analysis of operating results




Insurance service expenses for the reporting period amounted to RMB184.658 billion, up by 8.5% from 2023, mainly due
to increase in claims and expenses as a result of overall business growth. Of this, insurance service expenses of automobile
insurance reached RMB102.169 billion, up by 3.9%, and that of non-auto insurance RMB82.489 billion, an increase of 14.7%
year on year.




                                                                                                                                                    Operating results
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


For 12 months ended 31 December                                          2024                     2023                  Changes (%)

Insurance service expenses                                           184,658                  170,240                               8.5

  Automobile insurance                                                102,169                   98,351                              3.9
  Non-automobile insurance                                             82,489                   71,889                             14.7


Net losses from reinsurance contracts held amounted to RMB843 million, an increase by RMB608 million compared with that
of the preceding year, largely due to impact of scale and mix of business ceded, and loss ratios of related business.

Underwriting finance losses and others amounted to RMB3.224 billion, a growth of 28.3%, mainly because of rapid business
development, which led to a rise in insurance contract liabilities and subsequently an increase in the time value of liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
Total investment income for the period totalled RMB7.554 billion, up by 58.0% year on year, mainly as a result of increase in
gains from fair value change due to capital market movement.

As a result, CPIC P/C reported a net profit of RMB7.376 billion for 2024, an increase of 12.2% from 2023.




II. CPIC Anxin Agricultural
As a specialised agricultural insurance company, CPIC Anxin Agricultural promoted product customisation to meet local
agricultural needs; focused on farm produce income insurance, and explored on-line scenarios of farm produce tracing driven
by block-chain, which improved transparency and traceability of the entire process of agricultural production and helped
with the branding of local specialty farm produce, as part of the company’s effort to empower agriculture via technology.
In 2024, it recorded RMB2.608 billion in insurance revenue, up by 4.9% year on year; realised RMB2.005 billion in primary
premium income, up by 1.0%, and of this, agricultural insurance reported primary premium income of RMB1.341 billion, up




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
by 0.9%. Underwriting combined ratio stood at 102.1%, up by 4.2pt, mainly due to the impact of extreme weather events. Net
profit amounted to RMB141 million, a decrease of 22.5% from the preceding year.




III. CPIC HK
We conduct overseas P/C business via CPIC HK, a wholly-owned subsidiary. As at 31 December 2024, its total assets stood at
RMB1.336 billion, with net assets of RMB374 million. Primary premium income for the reporting period amounted to RMB293
million, with an underwriting combined ratio of 92.3%, and a net profit of RMB55 million.




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report      35
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      5
      Asset management
      We persisted in long-term, value, prudent and responsible investing, particularly long-term
      commitment to value investing, global awareness of asset management, “big picture” mindset
      for insurance asset management, optimal balance between risk and reward, forward-looking
      approach towards emerging sectors and market-based mechanisms of incentives and constraint,
      and conducted high-quality asset liability management (ALM). To ensure long-term, sustainable
      ALM, we further enhanced the ALM system across market cycles, continued to build capabilities
      in professional investment research, risk control and compliance management. Within the SAA
      framework, we conducted disciplined and yet flexible Tactical Asset Allocation (TAA), exercised
      stringent control of credit risk and extended duration of fixed income assets to mitigate the
      reinvestment risk; fully considered the impact of the New Accounting Standards, adjusted
      accounting classification of financial assets and enhanced pro-active management of equity assets.
      In particular, the share-dividend strategy, a long-term core strategy, has delivered positive results.
      As a result, we achieved solid investment performance, with Group AuM on steady increase.



      I. Group AuM
      As at the end of December 2024, Group AuM totalled RMB3,542.660 billion, rising 21.2% from the end of 2023. Of this, Group
      in-house investment assets amounted to RMB2,734.457 billion, a growth of 21.5%, and third-party AuM RMB808.203 billion,
      an increase of 20.1%, with a management fee income of RMB2.166 billion, up by 7.0% from 2023.

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million


                                                               31 December 2024       31 December 2023             Changes (%)

       Group AuM      note
                                                                      3,542,660              2,922,792                      21.2

          Group in-house investment assets                             2,734,457              2,250,073                      21.5
          Third-party AuM     note
                                                                        808,203                 672,719                      20.1
             CPIC AMC                                                   294,187                 225,154                      30.7
             Changjiang Pension                                         406,401                 352,032                      15.4
             CPIC Fund                                                   99,806                  94,249                       5.9
             CPIC Capital                                                   936                    800                       17.0
             CPIC Investment (HK)                                         6,873                    484                   1,320.0

      Note: Figures for comparative periods were restated.




36    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Operating results
                                                                                                    Review and analysis of operating results




II. Group in-house investment assets
In 2024, with government policy support and industrial upgrading, China’s economy showed momentum of recovery.
Sustained growth of the new quality productive forces and optimisation of economic structure enhanced the resilience




                                                                                                                                                    Operating results
and sustainability of China’s economic development, with key macroeconomic indicators staying largely stable. In equity
assets, despite significant market volatility and polarisation, listed companies achieved record levels of dividend payouts,
highlighting the case for value investing. As for fixed income assets, interest rates continued to decline, while credit spreads
narrowed before widening.

Based on our outlook for long-term macro-economic trends, we followed and fine-tuned the “dumbbell-shaped” asset
allocation strategy, i.e., continuously increasing allocation into long-term T-bonds to extend duration of fixed income
assets, while moderately increasing investments in equity assets and alternative assets including private equity to enhance
long-term returns. At the same time, to manage credit risk, we continued to control the share of investment in corporate
debt securities. We conducted disciplined and yet flexible TAA under the guidance of SAA, pro-actively responded to the
dual challenge of equity market volatility and secular decline of interest rates.

Committed to value growth, we continuously strengthened capacity-building in professional investment management,
optimised the standardised investment management system and vigorously explored a wide range of innovative investment




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
instruments and strategies; improved asset allocation capabilities, strengthened capital constraints, enhanced the foundation
of capital and investment management in an all-around way; further improved credit risk early-warning and mitigation
to enhance overall risk management; continued to strengthen the ESG investment management system, performance
evaluation system and information systems, disclosed for the first time Principles for Responsible Investment Transparency
Report, explored incorporating climate factors into our SAA to promote responsible investing.

In terms of investment concentration, our investments are concentrated in financial services, communications & transport
and infrastructure, demonstrating resilience in the face of risks. Our equity investments spread across a wide range of
instruments; as for fixed income assets, the debt issuers boast strong overall strength, and apart from government bonds, our
counter-parties mainly include China State Railway Group Co., Ltd., and large SOEs such as major state-owned commercial
banks.




                                                                                                                                                    Other information




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report      37
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      (I) Group consolidated investment portfolios
                                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million


                                                                     31 December 2024                       Share (%)              31 December 2023                                  Share (%)

       Group investment assets (total)                                         2,734,457                          100.0                      2,250,073                                   100.0

       By investment category
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                40,262                               1.5                        34,263                                       1.5
          Term deposits                                                           173,818                               6.4                       165,501                                       7.3
          Debt category financial assets                                        2,074,168                            75.9                     1,676,100                                    74.5
               - Debt securities                                                1,642,181                            60.1                     1,163,626                                    51.7
               - Bond funds                                                          9,663                              0.4                        10,393                                       0.5
               - Preferred shares                                                  49,227                               1.8                        47,724                                       2.1
               - Debt investment plansnote 1                                      265,403                               9.7                       296,154                                  13.2
               - Wealth management productsnote 2                                  71,421                               2.6                       113,195                                       5.0
               - Others                                                            36,273                               1.3                        45,008                                       2.0
          Equity category financial assets                                        398,210                            14.5                         325,234                                  14.5
               - Stocks                                                           255,065                               9.3                       188,455                                       8.4
               - Equity funds                                                      52,679                               1.9                        52,004                                       2.3
               - Wealth management products note 2                                 20,795                               0.8                        19,652                                       0.9
               - Others                                                            69,671                               2.5                        65,123                                       2.9
          Long-term equity investments                                             22,520                               0.8                        23,184                                       1.0
          Investment properties                                                      8,951                              0.3                        10,667                                       0.5
          Other investmentsnote 3                                                  16,528                               0.6                        15,124                                       0.7

       By accounting measurement
          Financial assets at amortised costnote 4                                 64,844                               2.4                        82,334                                       3.7
          Financial assets at fair value through other                          1,749,986                            64.0                     1,345,400                                    59.8
            comprehensive incomenote 5
          Financial assets at fair value through                                  667,225                            24.4                         581,619                                  25.8
            profit or lossnote 6
          Long-term equity investments                                             22,520                               0.8                        23,184                                       1.0
          Othersnote 7                                                            229,882                               8.4                       217,536                                       9.7

      Notes:
      1. Debt investment plans mainly include infrastructure and real estate projects.
                                                                                             Group consolidated investment portfolios
      2. Wealth management products mainly include wealth management products
         issued by commercial banks, products by insurance asset management                  (Unit: %)

         companies, collective trust plans by trust firms, special asset management                               0.3 1.5                                             0.5 1.5
         plans by securities firms and credit assets backed securities by banking                               0.8 0.6 6.4                                         1.0 0.7 7.3
         institutions, etc.                                                                        14.5                                                 14.5

      3. Other investments mainly include restricted statutory deposits and derivative
         financial assets, etc.                                                                            1.3
                                                                                                          2.6                                               2.0
      4. Financial assets at amortised cost include financial assets at amortised cost                                                                     5.0
                                                                                                         9.7 31 Dec. 2024                                         31 Dec. 2023
         on consolidated financial statements.                                                           1.8
                                                                                                          0.4                                                  13.2
      5. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include                                  60.1                                         2.1             51.7
                                                                                                                                                                  0.5
         debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and
         equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income on
                                                                                                                                   75.9                                                 74.5
         consolidated financial statements.
      6. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets
                                                                                                Cash and cash equivalents
         at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial assets on
                                                                                                Term deposits
         consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                Debt category financial assets       Debt securities                    Debt investment plans
      7. Others mainly include cash at bank and on hand, securities purchased                   Equity category financial assets     Bond funds                         Wealth management products
         under agreements to resell, term deposits, restricted statutory deposits and           Long-term equity investments         Preferred shares                   Others
         investment properties, etc.                                                            Investment properties
                                                                                                Other investments



38    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                  Operating results
                                                                                                                                  Review and analysis of operating results




1. By investment category
As of the end of the reporting period, the share of bond securities investments was 60.1%, an increase of 8.4pt from the
end of 2023. Of this, treasury bonds, local government bonds and financial bonds issued by government-sponsored banks




                                                                                                                                                                                  Operating results
made up 44.5% of total investment assets. The duration on fixed income assets reached 11.4 years, extended by 2.0 years
versus the end of 2023. Moreover, 98.8% of enterprise bonds and financial bonds issued by non-government-sponsored
banks had an issuer/debt rating of AA or above. Of this, the share of AAA reached 96.7%. We are proud of our professional
internal credit-rating team and sound credit risk management systems covering the entire bond securities investment
process, namely, before, during and after the investment. We continued to improve the Group-wise integrated credit-rating
management system, evaluated credit-ratings of both the debt and debt issuers and identified the credit risk based on our
internal credit-rating systems, while considering other factors such as macroeconomic conditions, and external credit-ratings
in order to make sound, well-informed investment decisions. At the same time, to pro-actively control the credit risk of
the stock of bond holdings, we followed a uniform and standardised set of regulations and procedures to review risk
status, based on both regular and ad hoc follow-up tracking post the investment. Our corporate/enterprise bond holdings
spread over a wide range of sectors resulting in good diversification; we set great store by credit risk management, strictly
controlling exposure to the real estate sector, and carefully selecting investment targets to ensure that risks are manageable.
Overall, debt issuers of our investments all had good financial strength, with credit risk under control.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate governance
The share of equity category financial assets stood at 14.5%. Of this, stocks and equity funds accounted for 11.2% of total
investment assets, up by 0.5pt from the end of 2023. On the back of disciplined and yet flexible TAA processes, we continued
to promote resource realignment for investment research and the building of investment research platforms, enhanced
tracking and analysis of market conditions; fully considered the impact of the New Accounting Standards, made effective
use of accounting classification of assets, conducted pro-active management of equity assets, strengthened the core
share-dividend strategy while developing clusters of satellite strategies with growth potential, with long-term investment
return on core share-dividend strategy significantly outperforming market benchmarks.

As of the end of the reporting period, non-public financing instruments (NPFIs) totalled RMB344.709 billion, accounting
for 12.6% of total investment assets. While ensuring full compliance with regulatory requirements and internal risk control
policies, we persisted in prudent management as is inherently required of insurance companies, staying highly selective of
debt issuers and projects. The underlying projects spread across sectors like infrastructure, communications & transport,
non-bank financial institutions and real estate, which were geographically concentrated in China’s prosperous areas such as
Beijing, Sichuan, Hubei, Shandong, Jiangsu, etc.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Other information
Overall, the credit risk of our NPFI holdings is stable. 99.4% of NPFIs had external credit-ratings, and of these, the share of
AAA reached 99.0%, and that of AA+ and above 99.4%. 67.9% of NPFIs were exempt from debt issuer external credit-ratings,
and the rest was secured with credit-enhancing measures such as guarantee or pledge of collateral, with the overall credit
risk under control.

Mix and distribution of yields of non-public financing instruments

                                                                        Share of                                     Average duration         Average remaining
 Sectors                                                                                  Nominal yield (%)
                                                                 investments (%)                                               (year)             duration (year)

 Infrastructure                                                                39.9                        4.5                        8.4                         5.0
 Communications & transport                                                    21.8                        4.4                        8.9                         5.3
 Non-bank financial institutions                                               13.5                        4.2                        5.0                         1.8
 Real estate                                                                   13.1                        4.3                        8.9                         5.9
 Energy and manufacturing                                                        3.9                       4.4                        8.9                         5.3




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
 Others                                                                          7.8                       4.5                        8.3                         4.7

 Total                                                                       100.0                         4.4                       8.1                          4.8

Note:    Non-public financing instruments include wealth management products issued by commercial banks, debt investment plans, collective trust plans by trust firms,
         special asset management plans by securities firms and credit assets backed securities by banking institutions, etc.




                                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report      39
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      2. By accounting methods
      Under the New Accounting Standards, investment assets of the Company are mainly classified into 3 categories: financial
      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, and others. The
      share of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by 4.2pt from the end of 2023, mainly
      because of increased share of bond and stock investments in the category; that of financial assets at fair value through profit
      or loss fell by 1.4pt from end of the year, mainly due to decrease in the share of stocks, debt investment plans and wealth
      management products in the category; the proportion of financial assets at amortised cost fell by 1.3pt, largely because of
      reduced share of debt investment plans in the category; the share of long-term equity investments fell by 0.2pt from the end
      of 2023, mainly due to slightly decreased share of assets under joint venture and structured entities of the Company; that of
      others dropped by 1.3pt, mainly as a result of decrease in the share of term deposits in the category.


      (II) Group consolidated investment income
      For the reporting period, net investment income totalled RMB82.799 billion, up by 6.5% from 2023. This stemmed mainly
      from increased dividend income. Net investment yield reached 3.8%, down by 0.2pt compared with that of 2023.

      Total investment income amounted to RMB120.394 billion, up by 130.5% year on year, mainly attributable to a steep rise in
      gains from fair value change, with total investment yield of 5.6%, up by 3.0pt year on year.

      Comprehensive investment yield rose by 3.3pt year on year to 6.0%, largely due to increased impact from equity financial
      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB million


       For 12 months ended 31 December                                                              2024                            2023                   Changes (%)

       Interest income                                                                            55,991                          58,262                             (3.9)
       Dividend income       note 1
                                                                                                  26,109                          18,750                             39.2
       Rental income from investment properties                                                      699                             727                             (3.9)
       Net investment income                                                                     82,799                          77,739                               6.5

       Gains/(losses) from securities trading                                                      1,338                         (11,311)                         (111.8)
       Gains/(losses) arising from changes in fair value                                          37,713                         (11,712)                         (422.0)
       Impairment losses of investment assets                                                       (916)                         (2,093)                           (56.2)
       Other income     note 2
                                                                                                    (540)                           (386)                            39.9
       Total investment income                                                                 120,394                           52,237                            130.5

       Net investment yield (%)note 3                                                                 3.8                             4.0                         (0.2pt)
       Total investment yield (%)note 3                                                               5.6                             2.6                           3.0pt
       Comprehensive investment yield (%)notes 3,4                                                    6.0                             2.7                           3.3pt

      Notes:
      1. Dividend income included dividend income and gains from financial instruments held for trading and other financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
         during the holding period, etc.
      2. Other income included share of profit/(loss) of associates and joint ventures, etc.
      3. The impact of securities sold under agreements to repurchase was considered in the calculation of net investment yield. Average investment assets as the
         denominator in the calculation of net/total investment yield and comprehensive investment yield were computed based on the Modified Dietz method and did not
         consider the impact of the fair value change of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
      4. The figure as the numerator in the calculation of comprehensive investment yield included total investment income, the change of equity investments at fair value
         through other comprehensive income at current period and amounts of transferring to retained profits at current period caused by the impact of equity investments
         at fair value through other comprehensive income, etc.




40    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Operating results
                                                                                                    Review and analysis of operating results




III. Third-party AuM
Group third-party AuM amounted to RMB808.203 billion, and of this, that of CPIC AMC totalled RMB294.187 billion, with a
share of 36.4%; and that of Changjiang Pension RMB406.401 billion, accounting for 50.3%.




(I) CPIC AMC                                                                                                                                        Operating results
In 2024, following requirements of the “5 Financial Priorities”, CPIC AMC aligned itself with national strategies and the real
economy, strived to meet differentiated risk-return preferences of corporate/institutional clients, steadily optimised the
mix of its third-party business and upgraded its business model. As of the end of the reporting period, its third-party AuM
amounted to RMB294.187 billion, an increase of 30.7% from the end of 2023.

During the reporting period, in spite of a challenging market environment, the company’s alternative investment focused on
customers of high credit-ratings and high-quality assets managed by entities of strong financial strength in the infrastructure
sector. It completed an annual registration of over RMB40 billion in insurance alternative investment products. The company




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
vigorously conducted exchange-traded ABS and infrastructure REITs business, with the issuance volume of approved ABS
products on the shelf surpassing 6 billion yuan. Green insurance is another priority of alternative investments. Notably, the
first exchange-traded ABS product managed by the company, Henan Waste Appliance Recycling Investment Project, which is
a green financial product, highlighted its effort to assist SOEs in promoting circular economy. Besides, CPIC AMC developed
green debt investment plans for rail transit projects in Chengdu, Wuhan and Ningbo. As of the end of the reporting period,
assets under outstanding alternative investments by CPIC AMC over RMB140 billion, leading in industry.

In 2024, the subsidiary promoted its portfolio asset management product business through three key avenues, i.e.,
“development of investment strategies and implementation” “product development and product line-up diversification”
and “value-added services”. To meet customer needs in a low interest rate environment, the company gave priority to the
marketing of medium-and-long-term pure bond strategy products, short-term bond strategy products and multi-asset
“fixed income+” strategy products, with a notable increase in scale of money-market products. Its Equity-Dividend Value
Strategy Product achieved an annualised return of approximately 15% since its inception. Both the strategy and performance
of the product won extensive recognition from the market and institutional investors, with the scale of the product series
consistently above RMB10 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, CPIC AMC reported RMB257.696 billion in third-party
portfolio asset management products and AuM under dedicated accounts, a growth of 40.7% from the end of 2023.




(II) Changjiang Pension                                                                                                                             Other information
During the reporting period, in the context of the “5 Financial Priorities”, Changjiang Pension leveraged its unique strength
in pension finance, focused on improvement of investment research capabilities, proceeded with long-term management
of “welfare” money and steadfastly promoted high-quality development of third-party business. As at 31 December 2024,
its third-party assets under trustee management amounted to RMB481.309 billion, up by 17.1% from the end of 2023;
third-party assets under investment management reached RMB406.401 billion, up by 15.4% from the end of 2023.

The subsidiary is committed to serving all the 3 pillars of retirement provision as a third-party manager. In terms of the first
pillar, it maintained leading investment performance in corporate debt portfolios under social pension schemes, with efforts
to further diversify portfolios. As for the 2nd pillar, data released by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
indicated that for the first 3 quarters of 2024, the company ranked among top 3 on investment performance of single
equity-inclusive plans, collective equity-inclusive plans and collective fixed income plans of corporate annuity. Changjiang
Pension successfully renewed the three qualifications of enterprise annuity fund management and was awarded trusteeship
for multiple large-scaled single annuity plans. It has also become the trustee of the Lingang New Area Enterprise Annuity
Plan, the first regional talent annuity scheme in Shanghai, which helped to expand the coverage of enterprise annuity in
the city. The company continued to roll out its integrated “pension finance + fintech” service model. With regard to the
third pillar, the company vigorously explored one-stop pension financial services under the “product + service” mode. It also
leveraged other financial products or service programmes of CPIC Group, its parent company, including pension finance,
health management and retirement communities to strengthen the third-pillar of China’s pension system.




                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report      41
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      The company is committed to supporting China’s national strategies. It focused on sectors which have a material impact on
      people’s welfare, such as transportation, energy, water conservancy and water affairs, and provided funding via debt, equity
      and asset backed plans. It channelled long-term funds into the real economy, particularly into efforts to nurture the new
      quality productive forces. It implemented ESG strategies, registered 2 green debt investment plans; issued asset management
      products with mandates on ESG and elderly care to add an “ESG and retirement” dimension to its portfolios.




      6
      Customer resource management
      With a customer-centric business philosophy and the vision of “offering integrated service to one
      customer via one interface”, we continuously enhanced service capabilities, optimised the service
      ecosystem for the full life cycle of customers, built a differentiated, smart service system based on
      customer segments, strengthened consumer rights protection, fully leveraged our advantage as a
      composite insurance group and pushed for steady growth of customer value contribution.

      I. Individual customers
      We are customer-oriented, committed to providing convenient, efficient products/services to our customers, with
      improvement in the scope and penetration of customer service in recent years. As of the end of 2024, the number of
      individual customers of the Group amounted to 181 million, up by 1.7% from the end of 2023; the number of customers
      with 2 insurance policies and above stood at 41.93 million, up by 6.0% from the end of 2023. We diversified ecosystems
      for intra-Group collaboration to generate increased value per customer. As of the end of 2024, the number of individual
      customers holding insurance policies of multiple Group subsidiaries amounted to 11.26 million, the same as that as at the
      end of 2023; CPIC Life saw a 6.1% growth from the end of 2023 in the number of customers with total payable premiums
      of RMB100,000 and above on in-force long-term life insurance policies; as for CPIC P/C, the number of customers with SA of
      RMB3 million and above on TPL of automobile insurance of private vehicles stood at 16.93 million, up by 30.6% from the end
      of 2023. The renewal rate of individual customers of automobile insurance reached 76.8%, up by 1.4pt from 2023.


                                                                                         2024             2023        Change (%)

       Average number of insurance policies per individual customer                      2.34              2.32              0.9
       Number of individual customers holding 2 insurance policies and above (’0000)    4,193             3,955              6.0
       Number of individual customers holding insurance policies of multiple Group
                                                                                        1,126             1,126                –
         subsidiaries (’0000)
       Number of customers with total payable premiums of RMB100,000 and
                                                                                          799              753               6.1
         above on long-term life insurance policies of CPIC Life (’0000)
       Number of customers with SA of 3 million yuan and above on TPL of
                                                                                        1,693             1,296             30.6
         automobile insurance of private vehicles of CPIC P/C (’0000)

      Note: Number of customers was based on insurance applicants.




42    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Operating results
                                                                                                     Review and analysis of operating results




We continued to boost product/service innovation to meet customer needs.

First, we continuously improved the ecosystem of health service and elderly care, particularly the service system integrating
“preventive care, diagnosis, treatment, rehab and elderly nursing” across the full life cycle of customers. As of the end of 2024,
there were 10.91 million customers using various health services across the Group. 15 CPIC Home retirement communities




                                                                                                                                                     Operating results
have been up and running in 13 Chinese cities, with a total of 16,500 beds planned, and of this, 8,800 had been delivered
by the end of 2024; Juvenile Growth, a health promotion programme for adolescents and children, has become operational
initially; construction of hospitals specialising in rehab care has been underway in Xiamen and Jinan under the programme
of Yuanshen Rehab; Longevity Retreat, a home-based care brand, explored the use of IoT to provide smart home-based care.
The programme was rolled out across the nation on a trial basis, with off-line experience centres up and running in 127 cities.

Second, we pursued innovation, enhanced capabilities to customise products and services based on customer segmentation.
We developed auto insurance products for ICV (intelligent connected vehicles) to meet needs for risk protection of intelligent
driving; launched the programme of Transparent Claims Management, which offered transparency in service standards,
claims process and dispute handling of auto insurance. We launched a long-term care solution covering the entire nursing
process; conducted health management activities on thyroid and tailor-made anti-aging service for target customer segments
such as substandard risks and women. Continued to diversify the matrix of internet products, with steep rise in private traffic;
realised direct pay of social medical insurance and private health insurance, with claims turnaround considerably shortened;




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
innovated “Yi Pei Tong”, which provided intelligent, professional on-line consulting and medical service to employees of our
corporate clients.

Third, we deepened data mining to unlock data value and enhanced Group-wide CRM capabilities via digital and AI
technology. We coordinated efforts and established over 2,000 tags for Group customers, leveraged big data engines for
insights into customer preferences in terms of products and services. Such insights can be applied to scenarios of “dormant
policy” reactivation, reinstatement of insurance policies, customer win-backs and service intent identification, with total
invocations growing 3 times from that of 2023. We implemented AI-driven precision strategies which enabled collaborative
operations and personalisation to boost activities on full-domain customer engagement platforms and cross-platform user
migration.

We upheld the philosophy of “financial services for people”, promoted the branding of CPIC Service, consolidated industry
leadership in consumer protection, with CPIC P/C and CPIC Life maintaining leading positions at regulatory evaluation of
consumer protection. We valued customer feed-backs and appointed about 1,000 Customer Service Officers who are at the
same time members of company management at various levels. Such a mechanism enabled them to directly communicate
with customers in the field, helping to improve overall customer service and Net Promoter Score (NPS) of key customer




                                                                                                                                                     Other information
journeys.




II. Group customer
Centring on the vision of “One CPIC, One Interface” and leveraging the Group’s strengths as a composite insurer, we focused
on building a “friend circle” of strategic clients revolving around key corporate accounts, and established the collaborative
mode of value growth from corporate/institutional clients.

We optimised the mix of strategic accounts, strengthened the foundation of strategic partnerships and deepened presence
in key regions including the Yangtze River Delta, Greater Bay Area, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region and Chengdu-Chongqing
Economic Zone. In 2024, 1,024 strategic accounts were included under the collaborative development mode, with
cumulatively 137 strategic agreements currently in effect, covering 94.4% of provincial-level governments (including
provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities with province and vice-province status), an increase of 5.5pt from the previous




                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
year.




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report      43
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      We stayed focused on value growth and enhanced differentiated business management specific to customer segments.
      For financial institutions, we focused on their C-end customers to meet needs for wealth management; for enterprises, we
      expanded the scope of cooperation with central state-owned enterprises (SOEs) and industry leaders to increase the share of
      basic business; for government-sponsored insurance business, we strengthened “risk reduction” services to improve people’s
      well-being. We explored a collaborative model for BBE business that integrates group-level unified planning, professional
      operation by subsidiaries and on-the-ground implementation by branches, stepped up development of the work-place
      market, diversified product line-up of employee benefits and launched dedicated brands for work-place service and
      technology. We achieved breakthroughs in coordination between assets and liabilities, strengthened incentive mechanisms
      and stepped up collaboration in capability-building, including sharing of customer resources, referrals and cross-sell to meet
      clients’ diverse needs for insurance and financial services, and build all-around capabilities to better serve the real economy.




      7
      ESG
      I. ESG management
      With “building even stronger sustainable development capabilities” as one of our mid/long-term goals, and guided by
      CPIC ESG Programme (2023-2025), we further integrated sustainable development into our corporate values and business
      practices, so as to create all-around value for our stakeholders including shareholders, customers, employees, governments,
      regulatory bodies, partners and so on in a sustainable way.


      (I) ESG vision and objectives
      Continuously improve ESG governance, promote the integration of ESG philosophies into corporate values and business
      practice; Put in place an industry leading system of sustainable financial products and services and continuously enhance
      supply-side capabilities to improve the environment, people’s well-being and social governance; Establish a low-carbon,
      energy-saving operational model, gradually reduce our own energy consumption, effectively control carbon emissions of
      investment portfolios; Vigorously foster ESG culture, enhance ESG branding, and improve our capability to pursue sustainable
      development in an all-around manner.


      (II) ESG governance
      We put in place a complete ESG governance structure incorporating the decision-making body, the management and the
      execution, with clearly defined roles and responsibilities. Meanwhile, we put in place a comprehensive ESG management
      system integrating management policies, professional standards and incentive mechanisms, which lays a solid foundation for
      ESG practices.




44    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Operating results
                                                                                                       Review and analysis of operating results




         Board of Directors                              Top decision-making body, overall oversight of ESG planning and execuon,
                                                         ESG strategy decision-making




                                                                                                                                                       Operating results
                                                         Idenfy and evaluate ESG risks and important ESG issues, research and plan
 Strategic and Investment Decision-                      ESG strategy, determine ESG objecves, plans, and performance evaluaon,
      Making & ESG Commiee                              supervise implementaon of ESG plans


                                                         Establish and improve the Group ESG management framework, management
                                                         rules and work mechanisms, formulate ESG annual priories of the Group and
   Group ESG Working Commiee                            subsidiaries, coordinate resource-allocaon, oversee/evaluate execuon status
                                                         of key tasks, organise and advance Group-wide ESG professional
                                                         capacity-building


                                                         Coordinate the implementaon of ESG-related policies, work mechanisms
          Group ESG Office                               and professional guidelines across the enre Group and supervise execuon
                                                         of key ESG tasks and projects




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance
    Group funconal department                           Implementaon of ESG tasks, ESG risk migaon and ensuring effecve ESG
          and subsidiaries                               management




II. ESG practice
Aligned with national strategies and initiatives, we fully leveraged our professional expertise and rolled out ESG actions. We
successively signed the UN PRI, UN PSI, UNGC and GIP for the “Belt and Road” Initiative, adopting international standards to




                                                                                                                                                       Other information
jointly build a sustainable ecosystem for the industry. In 2024, CPIC obtained MSCI ESG “AA” rating.


(I) Environmental


> Green insurance



   The Company deepened innovation in green insurance products and enhanced risk coverage in key areas and industries
   including new energy, green transportation, green technologies, and carbon finance, with green insurance SA exceeding
   RMB147 trillion for 2024. We provided catastrophe insurance, acting as the lead insurer for several local projects of SMEs in
   Huangpu, Shanghai and Ningbo, and proactively responded to major disasters such as the severe rainstorms in southern




                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
   regions of China, and Typhoons Yagi and Bebinca, thereby contributing to China’s disaster prevention; actively explored
   the models for new energy vehicle insurance and provided insurance coverage for over 4.6 million new energy vehicles
   in 2024; contributed to the development of the carbon market, and issued Shanghai’s first carbon inclusion carbon-asset
   impairment loss insurance policy, filling the blank in carbon loss protection. We pioneered in shipping decarbonisation
   insurance which offered strong support to Chinese enterprises affected by the EU Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism
   (CBAM). By the end of 2024, CPIC had developed a cumulative total of 34 first-of-its-kind green insurance products.




                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report      45
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      > Green investment



          Leveraging the advantages of insurance funds as long-term "patient capital", the Company developed green debt
          investment schemes, green equity investments schemes, industrial funds and portfolio-based insurance asset
          management products. As of the end of 2024, cumulative green investments amounted to over RMB260 billion. In 2024,
          CPIC and CICC Capital jointly set up and launched the Green Carbon Technology Private Equity Fund in the Greater Bay
          Area, which provided crucial financial support for the green transformation and upgrading of industries in the region.
          The Company continued to enhance its due diligence management framework, formulated and released the Guidelines
          for Due Diligence Management of Investment Activities (Provisional), and conducted ESG evaluation for more than 120
          external asset managers. The Company also strengthened its carbon management capabilities for the asset portfolio,
          enhanced the functionalities of its carbon accounting system, and increased the proportion of carbon accounting
          coverage for assets, thereby laying a solid foundation for the gradual and orderly reduction of carbon emissions across its
          asset portfolio.




      > Green operation



          We enhanced our carbon emissions data management, launched and continuously improved our independently-
          developed visualized operation-side carbon footprint management system; formulated the Rules on Operational Carbon
          Inventory to improve our carbon inventory mechanisms; guided employees toward green behaviours, formulated the
          Management Guidelines for Workplace Green Operations and the Implementation Measures for Green Travel Rating,
          conducted Company-wide green travel rating at all levels and developed the “Tan Xian Jia” employee carbon credit
          platform, with over 40,000 cumulative users; implemented energy-saving initiatives, promoted pilot projects for green and
          low-carbon demonstration parks, boosted the construction of "lights-out" factories, and introduced an internal carbon tax
          guidance mechanism to reduce the overall carbon emissions of our operations. We explored the development of a carbon
          inclusive (Tan Pu Hui) model, launched the first Tan Pu Hui platform in China’s insurance industry that measures and
          incentivizes customer’s low-carbon behaviours, which served 530,000+ users cumulatively across 333 cities nationwide.




      > Conservation of biodiversity



          The Company is committed to biodiversity conservation through green insurance and public welfare initiatives. We
          innovated ecosystem carbon sink insurance, which covers ecosystems such as forests, grasslands, wetlands, etc.,
          developed the first mangrove carbon sink clause in the country and launched China’s first mangrove CCER (China Certified
          Emissions Reduction) carbon sink loss insurance product; underwrote public liability insurance against damage caused
          by wild Asian elephants in Yunnan Province for many consecutive years; in collaboration with local forestry departments,
          rolled out the mechanism of “Forest Chiefs + Ancient & Rare Trees Insurance” to provide risk coverage for ancient trees;
          underwrote China’s first environmental relief liability insurance in Yunnan to offer dedicated protection for green
          peacocks’ habitats; and continued to promote the construction of the Sanjiangyuan Ecological Park Project, with over
          130 hectares of land afforested and nearly 120,000 trees planted. This initiative helps to establish a "green shield" for the
          "China’s Water Tower".




46    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Operating results
                                                                                                 Review and analysis of operating results




(II) Social

> Supporting real economy



                                                                                                                                                 Operating results
  The Company strengthened research on risks throughout the entire life cycle of technology enterprises, safeguarding
  emerging industries such as integrated circuits, bio-pharmaceuticals, artificial intelligence and the low-altitude economy,
  thereby providing risk protection and financial support for the development of new quality productive forces. In 2024,
  it provided technology insurance service to 105,000 enterprises, with a cumulative SA exceeding 111 trillion, launched
  multiple industry-first products across various sectors, and achieved breakthroughs in the pilot testing of new materials
  and cybersecurity. It also championed the Belt and Road Initiative by actively supporting the overseas expansion of
  Chinese enterprises. Over the years, it has provided cumulative coverage exceeding RMB3 trillion for overseas operations
  and has underwritten over 1,000 projects across nearly 120 countries and regions worldwide.




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
> Inclusive insurance



  The Company continued its innovation in inclusive insurance products to enhance their coverage and affordability. As
  of the end of 2024, its on-going affordable critical illness insurance programmes covered 106 cities, providing coverage
  to over 200 million people, with total payouts exceeding RMB10 billion; its Huiminbao programmes covered 230 cities.
  Since its establishment in 2021, Huhuibao (the programme in Shanghai, an industry benchmark) served over 26 million
  policyholders and paid out a total of RMB2.0 billion in claims. We also developed products targeting low-income groups,
  new citizens, and those engaged in new forms of employment, including Income Loss Insurance, Occupational Injury
  Insurance, Employment Assistance Liability Insurance and Migrant Workers’ Wage Payment Guarantee Insurance. We have
  been serving the Meituan platform since 2020, cumulatively issuing 490 million policies. Our exclusive Didi protection
  programme covered a total of 200,000 drivers in 56 cities.




                                                                                                                                                 Other information
> Health and elderly care



  The Company continued to enrich the health-related product/service system, with the total number of users of health
  services surpassing 10 million. We offered tailored coverage for specific demographics including “the elderly and
  children”, individuals with pre-existing conditions and women; we innovated insurance solutions for substandard risks
  such as people with pulmonary nodules and breast cancer. Lan Yi Bao, our long-term medical insurance, was upgraded
  to industry’s first long-term medical insurance with no disease restrictions and coverage of purchase of medications and
  medical devices outside publicly-funded hospitals. We continued to upgrade CPIC Blue Passports and Wuyou Guanjia,
  programmes offering fast-track services to cumulatively nearly 25 million customers who seek medical service at hospitals.
  We continued to expand youth health services, and the first musculoskeletal health clinic under "Qingqing Chengzhang"
  (a juvenile health promotion programme) went into operation, which conducted pre-school enrolment physical fitness




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
  tests for a total of 300,000 adolescents. We took an active part in pilot programmes of tax-deferred pension schemes,
  specialised commercial pension insurance and individual retirement account. In 2024 we recorded RMB20.15 billion in
  new premiums of commercial annuity, of which individual retirement account contributed RMB270 million (serving 38,000
  customers). A total of 15 CPIC Home retirement communities were established in 13 cities, equipped with 8,800 beds and
  our rehabilitation hospitals were under construction in Xiamen, Jinan and Guangzhou. We explored home-based elderly
  care service under "Longevity Retreat" to meet diversified needs for elderly care.




                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report      47
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      > Consumer rights protection



          The Company established and continuously improved its consumer rights protection system, and CPIC P/C and CPIC Life
          maintained industry leadership in regulatory assessment of consumer rights protection and insurance service quality
          index. In 2024, it took the lead in signing the Self-Regulatory Pact on Consumer Rights and Interests sponsored by the
          China Insurance Association, continued to deepen the 4-tiered CPIC Service Officers system and pushed forward the
          construction of CPIC "Consumer Rights Protection Demonstration Zones"; developed the "CPIC Digital Middle Platform
          for Consumer Rights Protection" and the “NPS Customer Experience Real-time Monitoring Platform” to enhance the
          effectiveness of technology-enabled consumer rights protection; set up the 12378 complaint hotline, and formulated
          the Rules on Complaint Handling Management to standardise customer complaint-handling mechanism; and conducted
          multi-level financial education campaigns, established online and offline interactive financial education exhibition halls,
          and organized featured activities such as the "Consumer Protection County Tour" to disseminate financial knowledge
          among communities.




      > Employee rights and development



          We are committed to harmonious and stable labour relations and continuously improve the remuneration, performance
          and promotion management system. We have formulated the Employee Code of Conduct, which clearly prohibits
          any form of discrimination and harassment against employees. We have established medium- and long-term benefit
          mechanisms such as the enterprise annuity, strictly enforced relevant regulations on leaves and holidays of employees,
          and strengthened work safety management. We have set up facilities such as employee centres and Mother-and-
          Baby rooms, and regularly organize activities including staff sports events, health check-ups, work-break exercises and
          psychological counselling sessions. We continuously enrich our multi-tiered talent development system by partnering
          with prestigious universities like Fudan University to tailor specialized training programs and courses for senior executives
          and young talent. As of the end of 2024, our online learning platform "CPIC Learning" offered more than 21,000 courses,
          organised over 22,000 live streaming sessions and served over 550,000 users. We pay special attention to the development
          of female employees. In 2024, we introduced the "Fang Hua Hui" brand for female employees, organizing various activities
          to develop a distinctive CPIC-style system for female employee engagement.




      > Rural invigoration



          The Company continued to improve the quality and profitability of its agricultural insurance business, and developed a
          cumulative total of nearly 5,000 agricultural insurance products, spanning agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and
          fishery. In 2024, CPIC P/C provided various agricultural risk protections worth RMB663.4 billion to 19.36 million rural
          households. Agricultural insurance claims benefited over 5 million households. The "Huiyan Zhiyuan" service programme
          of CPIC E-Agricultural Insurance was selected as a 2024 Smart Agriculture Construction Exemplary Case by the Ministry
          of Agriculture and Rural Affairs. We stepped up assistance to rural areas, stationed 269 employees in villages designated
          for priority assistance, and committed RMB17.57 million in assistance funds for rural industries, local environment and
          infrastructure.




48    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Operating results
                                                                                                  Review and analysis of operating results




> Charity




                                                                                                                                                  Operating results
  We encourage participation in charitable activities by employees, customers and other stakeholders. In 2024, the
  Company’s charitable donations totalled RMB57 million. CPIC Blue, a charitable foundation, focused on “the elderly and
  children”, particularly those with cognitive disorders and autism. We created an accurate eye-movement early-screening
  model, the first of its kind in China, and set up neighbourhood brain health service stations, “Lan Zhi Jia”, to offer early
  testing, diagnostic assessment and public education services to the elderly people. We also developed a care and support
  model for children with autism and their families, and launched the "Aiban Tongxing" charity project, which assisted more
  than 400 children in need. We further deepened the "Illuminate the Future with Responsibility" Hope Primary School
  brand campaign, established junior volleyball training bases, and regularly organized volleyball summer camps. In 2024,
  CPIC donated RMB10 million to initiate the establishment of the "Outstanding Athletes Lifetime Protection Charity Project"
  and exclusively underwrote the project, pioneering in the use of commercial insurance to provide lifelong pension for
  athletes.




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate governance
(III) Governance

> Corporate governance



  We have put in place a governance system consisting of shareholders’ general meeting (SGM), the board of directors, the
  board of supervisors and senior management, with cooperation, co-ordination and checks and balances between the top
  authority, the decision-making body, the body responsible for oversight and that of execution. We continued to optimise
  our board structure to cater for diversified shareholdings by state-owned shareholders, institutional investors and the
  public; improved board diversity and professionalism, with the share of external directors reaching 87% and that of female
  directors 27%, which helped with board decision-making and the protection of minority shareholder interests. We have




                                                                                                                                                  Other information
  built an integrated risk management system. The Group’s solvency ratios have consistently stayed above the regulatory
  minimum levels, and our insurance subsidiaries continued to lead the industry in integrated risk rating. We fully complied
  with information disclosure rules, and continued to improve the quality of information disclosure, with an A rating in
  information disclosure evaluation by the SSE for 11 consecutive years.

  For details please refer to the section “Corporate Governance” of this report.




> Anti-corruption



  We enforced internal rules such as Interim Provisions on Anti-fraud Work and Measures for Accountability for Employee




                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
  Misconduct, and further enhanced the procedures for whistle-blowing, investigation, handling, reporting and
  accountability for malpractice or violations of the law. The Group’s internal audit covers all levels, with 100% coverage of
  senior management every three years. We implemented the 3-year Action Plan (2023-2025) for Clean Culture, and released
  the Negative List of Employee Conduct. We carried out anti-corruption and integrity advocacy campaigns and training
  sessions, rolled out the “Qing Feng Tai Bao (CPIC Clean Culture)” learning platform and designated 7 September each year
  as the CPIC Compliance Day to conduct annual awareness campaign. All our employees signed the Integrity Commitment
  Statements (2024 edition).




                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report      49
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      > ESG risk management



          The Company continued to improve its ESG risk management system, incorporating ESG-related requirements into the
          Risk Management Policy and the 2024 risk appetite framework; conducted climate scenario analysis and stress testing,
          integrating international scenario models such as IPCC with local meteorological data, to explore the development of
          medium- and long-term climate physical risk analysis models, thereby enhancing the capability to quantify and manage
          climate risks; and actively utilized catastrophe models to assess the impact of natural disasters such as typhoons, heavy
          rains, and earthquakes on insured subject, strengthening disaster early warning functions and improving disaster
          prevention and loss mitigation capabilities.




      > Data security



          We take data security very seriously, established the Steering Committee for Cyber-security and IT to coordinate data
          security management efforts; drafted and revised a series of policies, including the Provisional Regulations on Data
          Security, Rules on Information Security Management of Application Systems, Data Leakage Prevention Measures and
          Cyber-security Incident Emergency Response Plan, and specified the security management requirements and emergency
          response plans for data collection, storage and processing, etc.; actively conducted data security training and cyber-
          security awareness training for all employees, with attendance by 863,000 people cumulatively in 2024; and organised
          training on development of security certificates and relevant skills for specialists, and carried out regular drills of
          emergency response plans. In 2024, we received no administrative penalty due to any breach of rules on customer
          information security.




      > Supply chain management



          The Company continued to improve its procurement and supplier management mechanism and implemented regulations
          such as the Provisions on Supplier Management, Provisional Guidelines for Supply Chain ESG Management, etc., regularly
          conducted supplier audits and due diligence to ensure sound supplier management; strengthened supplier data security
          management, requiring all suppliers to strictly comply with its information security policies, regulations, and information
          security management requirements. In 2024, all CPIC partners signed the Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement and
          Security and Confidentiality Agreement. We are committed to increasing the share of energy-saving and environment-
          friendly products in purchase, and put forward clear requirements on supplier ISO 14001 (environmental management
          system) certification and product energy consumption levels, utilising our digital platform “E-procurement”.



      For further details, please refer to the 2024 Sustainable Development Report of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. to be
      disclosed on the websites of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk), the LSE (www.londonstockexchange.
      com) and the Company (www.cpic.com.cn).




50    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Operating results
                                                                                                    Review and analysis of operating results




8
Analysis of specific items                                                                                                                          Operating results



I. Consolidated income statement
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


For 12 months ended 31 December                    2024      2023                    Main reasons for the changes

                                                                      Increase in investment income and gains arising from
CPIC Life                                         35,821   19,532




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
                                                                        changes in fair value
                                                                      Increase in investment income and gains arising from
CPIC P/C                                           7,376    6,575
                                                                        changes in fair value
                                                                      Increase in investment income and gains arising from
CPIC Group and eliminations, etc.                  1,763    1,150
                                                                        changes in fair value
Net profit attributable to shareholders                               Increase in investment income and gains arising from
                                                  44,960   27,257
  of the parent                                                         changes in fair value




II. Liquidity analysis
(I) Cash flow statement
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
For 12 months ended 31 December                                        2024                      2023                   Changes (%)

Net cash flows from operating activities                            154,404                   137,863                              12.0
Net cash flows used in investing activities                         (209,900)                 (161,357)                            30.1
Net cash flows from financing activities                             61,336                      3,294                         1,762.1
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and
                                                                          93                      131                             (29.0)
   cash equivalents
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                   5,933                   (20,069)                         (129.6)


Net cash flows from operating activities increased by 12.0% for the year ended 31 December 2024, amounted to RMB154.404
billion, mainly attributable to rise in cash received as premiums under insurance contracts issued.

Net cash flows used in investing activities increased by 30.1% for the year ended 31 December 2024, amounted to
RMB209.900 billion, mainly attributable to increase in cash paid to acquire investments.




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
Net cash flows from financing activities increased by 1,762.1% for the year ended 31 December 2024, amounted to
RMB61.336 billion, mainly attributable to securities sold under agreements to repurchase which was net decrease during the
year ended 31 December 2023 and net increase during the same period of 2024.




                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report      51
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      (II) Gearing ratio
                                                                                            31 December 2024   31 December 2023   Changes

       Gearing ratio (%)note                                                                            89.7               89.4     0.3pt

      Note: Gearing ratio = (total liabilities + non-controlling interests)/total assets.



      (III) Liquidity analysis
      We centralise liquidity management including that of our subsidiaries at the Group level. As the parent company, our cash
      flows mainly stem from dividends from our subsidiaries and gains from our own investment activities.

      Our liquidity mainly comes from premiums, net investment income, sales or maturity of financial assets and cash from
      financing activities. The demand for liquidity primarily arises from surrenders, reduction in sum assured or other forms of
      earlier termination of insurance contracts, insurance claims or benefit pay-outs, payment of dividends to shareholders and
      cash required for daily operation.

      We normally record net cash inflows from our operating activities due to growing premium income. Meanwhile, adhering to
      ALM, and in line with our SAA, we would maintain an appropriate level of allocation in highly liquid assets to meet liquidity
      requirement.

      Financing abilities also form a major part of our liquidity management. We have access to additional liquidity through
      securities repurchase arrangement and other financing arrangements.

      We believe that our current liquidity level is sufficient for our needs in the foreseeable future.




      III. Items concerning fair value accounting
      The financial instruments measured at fair value are detailed in notes XIV and XV of the financial statements.




      IV. Structured entities controlled by the Group
      The structured entities controlled by the Group are detailed in note V-2 of the financial statements.




52    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                                            Review and analysis of operating results




V. Significant changes of key financial indicators and
reasons for such changes


                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million


                                 31 December 2024/     31 December 2023/
                                                                                   Changes (%)                   Main reasons
                                              2024                  2023

Total assets                              2,834,907              2,343,962                 20.9   Business expansion
Total liabilities                         2,516,426              2,076,258                 21.2   Business expansion
                                                                                                  Profit for the period, change in fair value
                                                                                                    of financial investments at fair value
Total equity                               318,481                 267,704                 19.0
                                                                                                    through other comprehensive income
                                                                                                    and issuing bonds
                                                                                                  Increase in investment income and gains
Operating profit                            55,711                  32,060                 73.8
                                                                                                    arising from changes in fair value
Net profit attributable to                                                                        Increase in investment income and gains
                                            44,960                  27,257                 64.9
  shareholders of the parent                                                                        arising from changes in fair value




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
VI. Solvency
As per regulatory requirements, we calculate and disclose our core capital, actual capital, minimum required capital and
solvency margin ratios. As at 31 December 2024, the solvency margin ratios of the Group, CPIC Life, CPIC P/C, CPIC Health,
and CPIC Anxin Agricultural were all above regulatory minimum levels.

                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million


                                          31 December 2024      31 December 2023                     Reasons for change

CPIC Group
                                                                                   Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation,
Core capital                                          358,078            303,908
                                                                                   profit for the period, and bond issuance by subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                            Other information
                                                                                   Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation,
Actual capital                                        503,745            456,938
                                                                                   profit for the period, and bond issuance by subsidiaries
                                                                                   Growth of insurance business and changes to asset
Minimum required capital                              197,079            178,017
                                                                                   allocation
Core solvency margin ratio (%)                           182                 171
Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%)                  256                 257

CPIC Life
                                                                                   Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation,
Core capital                                          213,418            173,981
                                                                                   profit for the period, and issuance of bond
                                                                                   Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation,
Actual capital                                        345,510            312,005
                                                                                   profit for the period, and issuance of bond
                                                                                   Growth of insurance business and changes to asset
Minimum required capital                              164,313            148,723
                                                                                   allocation
Core solvency margin ratio (%)                           130                 117




                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%)                  210                 210




                                                                                                                               2024 Annual Report      53
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million


                                                  31 December 2024   31 December 2023                     Reasons for change

       CPIC P/C
                                                                                        Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation and
       Core capital                                         58,153             47,415
                                                                                        profit for the period
                                                                                        Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation and
       Actual capital                                       70,698             61,775
                                                                                        profit for the period
                                                                                        Growth of insurance business and changes to asset
       Minimum required capital                             31,852             28,898
                                                                                        allocation
       Core solvency margin ratio (%)                         183                164
       Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%)                222                214

       CPIC Health
                                                                                        Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation and
       Core capital                                          3,294              3,134
                                                                                        profit for the period
                                                                                        Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation and
       Actual capital                                        4,040              3,488
                                                                                        profit for the period
                                                                                        Growth of insurance business and changes to asset
       Minimum required capital                              1,716              1,352
                                                                                        allocation
       Core solvency margin ratio (%)                         192                232
       Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%)                235                258

       CPIC Anxin Agricultural
                                                                                        Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation and
       Core capital                                          2,868              2,836
                                                                                        profit for the period
                                                                                        Change in interest rate, capital market fluctuation and
       Actual capital                                        3,153              3,128
                                                                                        profit for the period
                                                                                        Growth of insurance business and changes to asset
       Minimum required capital                               940                831
                                                                                        allocation
       Core solvency margin ratio (%)                         305                341
       Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%)                335                376


      Please refer to the summaries of solvency reports (excerpts) published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), SEHK (www.
      hkexnews.hk), LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com) and the Company (www.cpic.com.cn) for more information about the
      solvency of CPIC Group and its main insurance subsidiaries.




      VII. Insurance contract liabilities
      Insurance contract liabilities of the Company consist of liability for remaining coverage (LRC) and liability for incurred claims
      (LIC). LRC comprises “excluding loss component” and “loss component”.

      As at 31 December 2024, the remaining balance of LRC amounted to RMB2,124.017 billion, representing an increase of 19.5%
      from the end of 2023. The remaining balance of LIC amounted to RMB105.497 billion, up by 10.8% from the end of 2023. The
      rise in insurance contract liabilities was mainly caused by business growth and accumulation of insurance liabilities.




54    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   Operating results
                                                                                                                   Review and analysis of operating results




                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million


                                                               31 December 2023        Change during the period                 31 December 2024

Total insurance contract liabilities                                   1,872,620                        356,894                            2,229,514




                                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
  Liabilities for remaining coverage                                    1,777,394                        346,623                           2,124,017
    Excluding loss component                                            1,761,400                        348,447                           2,109,847
    Loss component                                                            15,994                       (1,824)                             14,170
  Liabilities for incurred claims                                             95,226                      10,271                             105,497

Total insurance contract liabilities                                   1,872,620                        356,894                            2,229,514

  Component not measured by PAA                                         1,747,109                        345,440                           2,092,549
  Component measured by PAA                                               125,511                         11,454                             136,965




VIII. Reinsurance business


                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
We determine retained insured amounts and reinsurance ratio according to insurance regulations and our business
development and risk management needs. To lower the concentration risk of reinsurance, we also entered into reinsurance
agreements with various industry-leading reinsurance companies. The criteria for the selection of reinsurance companies
include their financial strength, professional expertise, service level, claims settlement efficiency and price. Generally
speaking, we prefer domestic and overseas reinsurance/insurance companies with proven records and in compliance with
regulatory regulations, including international reinsurance companies with ratings of A – or above. Our reinsurance partners
mainly include China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation and its subsidiaries, i.e., China Property & Casualty Reinsurance
Company Ltd. and China Life Reinsurance Company Ltd., Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd and Munich Reinsurance Company.




IX. Main subsidiaries                                               &           associates                       and                 equity
participation


                                                                                                                                                                   Other information
As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s main subsidiaries, associates and equity participation are set out as
below:

                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million


                                                                              Registered             Group            Total         Net           Net
Company                                  Main business scope
                                                                                 capital   shareholdingnote 2        assets       assets        profit

                            Property indemnity insurance; liability
                            insurance; credit and guarantee insurance;
                            short-term health and accident insurance;
China Pacific Property
                            reinsurance of the above said insurance;              19,948              98.5%      231,400         62,941         7,376
Insurance Co., Ltd.
                            insurance funds investment as approved by
                            relevant laws and regulations; other business
                            as approved by CBIRC.

                            Personal lines insurance including life
                            insurance, health insurance, accident




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                            insurance, etc. denominated in RMB or
                            foreign currencies; reinsurance of the
                            above said insurance; statutory life/health
                            insurance; agency and business relationships
China Pacific Life          with domestic and overseas insurers and
                                                                                   8,628              98.3%     2,481,877      168,156         35,821
Insurance Co., Ltd.         organisations, loss adjustment, claims and
                            other business entrusted from overseas
                            insurance organisations; insurance funds
                            investment as prescribed by Insurance Law
                            of the PRC and relevant laws and regulations;
                            international insurance activities as approved;
                            other business as approved by CBIRC.




                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report      55
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million



                                                                                               Registered                Group             Total        Net           Net
       Company                                         Main business scope
                                                                                                  capital      shareholdingnote 2         assets      assets        profit

                                         Outsourced money management business
                                         denominated in RMB or foreign currencies
                                         for the purpose of elderly provisions; asset
                                         management of capital denominated in RMB
       Changjiang Pension                or foreign currencies; conducting the insurance
                                                                                                     3,000                  61.1%         6,594        4,258          343
       Insurance Co., Ltd.               asset management product business; advisory
                                         business pertaining to asset management;
                                         other business as approved by NFRA; other
                                         business as approved by as allowed by other
                                         departments of the State Council.

                                         Asset management of capital and insurance
                                         funds; outsourcing of fund management;
       Pacific Asset
                                         advisory services relating to asset
       Management                                                                                    2,100                  99.7%         5,526        4,771          681
                                         management; other asset management
       Co., Ltd.
                                         business as allowed by the PRC laws and
                                         regulations.

                                         Health and accident insurance denominated
                                         in RMB yuan or foreign currencies; health
                                         insurance sponsored by the government or
                                         supplementary to state medical insurance
       Pacific Health                    policies; reinsurance of the above said
                                                                                                     3,600                  99.7%        10,010        3,363            91
       Insurance Co., Ltd.               insurance; health insurance-related advisory
                                         and agency business; insurance funds
                                         investment as approved by relevant laws and
                                         regulations; other business as approved by
                                         CBIRC.

                                         Agricultural insurance; property indemnity
                                         insurance; liability insurance; statutory liability
       Pacific Anxin
                                         insurance; credit and guarantee insurance;
       Agricultural
                                         short-term health insurance and accident                    1,080                  66.8%         6,116        3,099          141
       Insurance
                                         insurance; property insurance relating to rural
       Co., Ltd.
                                         areas and farmers; reinsurance of the above
                                         said insurance; insurance agency business.

       CPIC Fund                         Fund management business; the launch of
       Management                        mutual funds and other business as approved                   150                  50.8%         1,047          817          115
       Co., Ltd.                         by competent authorities of the PRC.

      Notes:
      1. Figures for companies in the table are on an unconsolidated basis. For other information pertaining to the Company’s main subsidiaries, associates or invested
         entities, please refer to “Review and analysis of operating results” of this report, and “Scope of consolidation” and “Long-term equity investments” in Notes of the
         Financial Report.
      2. Figures for Group shareholding include direct and indirect shareholdings.




      X. Top five customers
      During the reporting period, the top 5 customers accounted for approximately 0.52% of the Company’s income, and none of
      them constituted Related Parties of the Company.

      Given its business nature, the Company does not have any supplier that is directly related to its business.




56    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Operating results
                                                                                                   Review and analysis of operating results




XI. Seizure, attachment, and freeze of major assets or
their pledge as collateral


                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
The Company’s assets are mainly financial assets. The repurchase of bonds forms part of the Company’s day-to-day securities
investment activities, and as of the end of the reporting period, no abnormality was detected.




9
                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
Outlook
I. Market environment and business plan
In 2025, the market environment remains complex and challenging, with profound changes reshaping global landscape.
China’s economic recovery stays on track in spite of multiple challenges, and its long-term prospects remain positive.
Last year, the resolution of the Third Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee mentioned "insurance" 13 times,
while the State Council issued Guidelines on Strengthening Supervision, Preventing Risks and Promoting High-Quality
Development of the Insurance Industry. In the medium to long term, the foundation of high-quality development of the
industry remains intact, with insurance playing an increasingly important part in China’s modernisation drive. The industry’s
pursuit of transformation creates an important window of opportunity of high-quality development. In particular, major
national initiatives such as the building of the modern industrial system will sustain long-term growth of the industry; as




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
population aging accelerates, there will be growing demand for a multi-tiered social security system, which creates strategic
opportunities for private insurance and pension. The insurance sector will play an even more important role in China’s health
and elderly care system. The tightening of financial regulation and the priority assigned to risk prevention would pave the
way for high-quality development, push for the return to the basics of the industry and rationalise the competitive landscape,
which will help with long-term, healthy development of China’s insurance market, especially the leading players.

Going forward, the Company will persist in New Development Philosophies, and move firmly toward the vision of “a top-
notch insurance financial group with global influence”. It will strengthen core functions, enhance core competitiveness,
particularly with regard to capabilities in CRM, ALM, collaborative development and risk control; enhance capabilities to serve
national strategies, secure market standings, improve risk management and further cement the foundation of high-quality
development.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report      57
     Operating results
     Review and analysis of operating results




      II. Major risks and mitigating measures
      In 2025, the international landscape remains complex and challenging. China’s economic recovery is on track, but still faces
      the risk of disruption of the external environment and the downward pressure during the transition of growth drivers. The
      new “10-Point Guidelines” called for tightening of regulation to forestall major risks and consider it as the precondition of
      high-quality development. A host of measures have been taken to push for return to the basics of the industry and high-
      quality development. However, there is mounting pressure on matching assets and liabilities amid the decline of interest
      rates; extreme weather events and natural disasters will drive up the combined ratio of P/C insurance business; pilot
      programmes of insurance fund investment and use of new technologies require more effective risk management.

      In the face of such risks, we will stay prudent in our risk appetite to pursue high-quality development based on effective
      risk control. We’ll carefully handle risks and uncertainties in our business operation and leverage insurance as a “cushion
      of economic shocks” and a “social stabiliser”. To this end, first, we’ll adhere to value growth, enhance the constraint of risk
      appetite for business development and maintain high ratings at regulatory evaluation; second, focus on key risk areas, adopt
      a “look-through” approach, improve coordination in control of major risks to solidify the “lines of defence”; third, enhance
      digitalisation and use of AI technology, roll out on-line systems for risk identification, risk assessment, risk monitoring and
      risk early warning, so as to improve the effectiveness of forward-looking risk management in an all-around way.




58    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Embedded value
     Operating results
     Embedded value




     1
      Independent Actuarial Review Opinion on
      Embedded Value
      To: China Pacific Insurance (Group) Company Limited

      Board of Directors



      Towers Watson Management Consulting (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd              Opinion
      Beijing Branch (“WTW” or “we”) has been engaged by China
      Pacific Insurance (Group) Company Limited (“CPIC Group”) to         As a result of our review of the embedded value of CPIC Group
      review the embedded value information of CPIC Group as of           as of 31 December 2024 and the value of one year’s sales of
      31 December 2024.                                                   CPIC Life prepared by CPIC Group, WTW has concluded that:

                                                                          >   The methodology used is consistent with a traditional
                                                                              deterministic discounted cash flow approach, and is
      This review opinion is addressed solely to CPIC Group in                consistent with the requirements of the "Appraisal of
      accordance with the terms of our engagement letter, and                 Embedded Value” standard issued by the CAA;
      sets out the scope of our work and our conclusions. To the
      fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept        >   The operating assumptions have been set with
      or assume any responsibility, duty of care or liability to anyone       appropriate regard to past, current and expected future
      other than CPIC Group for or in connection with our review              experience;
      work, the opinions we have formed, or for any statement set
      forth in this report.                                               >   The economic assumptions have been set with regard to
                                                                              current market information.

      Scope of work                                                       WTW has performed reasonableness checks and analysis of
                                                                          CPIC Group’s embedded value and value of one year’s sales
      WTW’s scope of work comprised:                                      of CPIC Life as of 31 December 2024, and WTW has concluded
                                                                          that these results have been determined in a manner
      >    a review of the methodology used to develop the
                                                                          consistent with the methodology and assumptions described
           embedded value of CPIC Group and the value of one year’s
                                                                          in the Embedded Value Section of CPIC Group’s 2024 annual
           sales of China Pacific Life Insurance Co. Ltd. ("CPIC Life")
                                                                          report and that the aggregate results are reasonable in this
           as of 31 December 2024, in the light of the requirements
                                                                          context.
           of the "CAA Standards of Actuarial Practice: Appraisal
           of Embedded Value" issued by the China Association of          WTW confirms that the results shown in the Embedded Value
           Actuaries ("CAA") in November 2016;                            section of CPIC Group’s 2024 annual report are consistent with
                                                                          those reviewed by WTW.
      >    a review of the economic and operating assumptions used
           to develop CPIC Group’s embedded value and the value of        In carrying out our review we have relied on the accuracy of
           one year’s sales of CPIC Life as of 31 December 2024;          audited and unaudited data and information provided by CPIC
                                                                          Group.
      >    a review of the results of CPIC Group’s calculation of the
           value of in-force business, the value of one year’s sales
           of CPIC Life, the results of the analysis of movement of
           embedded value of CPIC Group, and the sensitivity results                                          For and on behalf of WTW
           of the value of in-force business and value of one year’s                                          Sean Deehan, FFA, FASHK
           sales of CPIC Life.
                                                                                                                    February 20th, 2025




60    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Operating results
                                                                                                                    Embedded value




2
2024 Embedded Value Annual Report of CPIC                                                                                                  Operating results

Group
I. Background
In order to provide investors with an additional tool to understand our economic value and business results, we have
prepared CPIC Group Embedded Value as at 31 December 2024 in accordance with the disclosure rules set by the China




                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) for publicly listed insurer and the “CAA Standard of Actuarial Practice: Appraisal
of Embedded Value” issued by the China Association of Actuaries (“CAA”) in 2016 (thereafter referred to as “Appraisal of
Embedded Value” standard) and have disclosed information relating to our group embedded value in this section. We
have engaged Willis Towers Watson, an independent firm of consultants, to review the reasonableness of the valuation
methodology, the valuation assumptions as well as the valuation results, and to issue their independent embedded value
review report, which is contained in our 2024 annual report.

The Group Embedded Value is defined as the sum of the Group Adjusted Net Worth and the value of in force business of
CPIC Life attributable to the shareholders of CPIC Group. The value of in force business and the value of one year’s sales of
CPIC Life are defined as the discounted value of the projected stream of future after-tax distributable shareholder profits for
existing business in force at the valuation date and for one year’s sales in the 12 months immediately preceding the valuation
date, where distributable shareholder profits are determined based on policy liability, required capital in excess of policy
liability and minimum capital requirement quantification standards prescribed by the regulatory. Embedded value does not
allow for any value attributable to future new business sales.

The value of in force business and the value of one year’s sales of CPIC Life are determined by using a traditional




                                                                                                                                           Other information
deterministic discounted cash flow methodology. This methodology makes implicit allowance for the risk of investment
guarantees and policyholder options, asset/liability mismatch risk, credit risk and the economic cost of capital through the
use of a risk-adjusted discount rate.

The embedded value and the value of one year’s sales provide valuable information to investors in two aspects. First, the
value of in force business of CPIC Life represents the total amount of after-tax distributable shareholder profits in present
value terms, which can be expected to emerge over time, in accordance with the assumptions used. Second, the value of one
year’s sales of CPIC Life provides an indication of the value created for investors by current new business activity and hence
the potential value of the business. However, the information on embedded value and the value of one year’s sales should
not be viewed as a substitute of other financial measures on the Company. Investors should not make investment decisions
based solely on embedded value and the value of one year’s sales information.

The embedded value is an estimation of a component of an insurance company’s economic value using actuarial techniques,
based on a series of assumptions. As there is uncertainty in selecting assumptions, estimates of embedded value could vary
materially as key assumptions are changed, and future actual experience would differ from assumed valuation assumption.




                                                                                                                                           Financial report
Therefore, special care is advised when interpreting embedded value results.




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   61
     Operating results
     Embedded value




      II. Summary of Embedded Value and Value of One
      Year’s Sales
      The table below shows the Group Embedded Value of CPIC Group as at 31 December 2024, and the value of one year’s sales
      of CPIC Life in the 12 months to 31 December 2024 at a risk discount rate of 8.5%.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million


       Valuation Date                                                                                           31 December 2024           31 December 2023note 2

       Group Adjusted Net Worth                                                                                             349,175                        291,519

          Adjusted Net Worth of CPIC Life                                                                                   205,247                        159,919

       Value of In Force Business of CPIC Life Before Cost of Required Capital Held                                          227,935                        247,499

       Cost of Required Capital Held for CPIC Life                                                                           (11,345)                         (5,391)

       Value of In Force Business of CPIC Life After Cost of Required Capital Held                                           216,590                        242,108

       CPIC Group’s Equity Interest in CPIC Life                                                                             98.29%                         98.29%

       Value of In Force Business of CPIC Life After Cost of Required Capital Held
                                                                                                                            212,892                        237,974
         attributable to the shareholders of CPIC Group

       Group Embedded Value                                                                                                 562,066                        529,493

          CPIC Life Embedded Value                                                                                          421,837                        402,027


                                                                                                                31 December 2024
       Valuation Date                                                              31 December 2024                                        31 December 2023note 2
                                                                                                                  (Unadjustednote 3)

       Value of One Year’s Sales of CPIC Life Before Cost
                                                                                               14,824                         19,352                         12,672
         of Required Capital Held

       Cost of Required Capital Held                                                           (1,566)                        (2,070)                         (1,710)

       Value of One Year’s Sales of CPIC Life After Cost
                                                                                              13,258                         17,282                         10,962
         of Required Capital Held


      Notes:
      1. Figures may not be additive due to rounding.
      2. Results in column “31 December 2023” are those reported in the 2023 annual report.
      3. “Unadjusted” refers to results before adjusting economic assumptions by the end of 2024, where the investment returns for long term business are assumed to be
         4.5% and 4.5% thereafter, and the risk discount rate is 9.0%.


      The Group Adjusted Net Worth represents the shareholder net equity of the Company, inclusive of adjustments of the value
      of certain assets to market value and adjusted for the relevant differences, such as difference between reserves and policy
      liabilities valued under “Appraisal of Embedded Value” standard published by the CAA. It should be noted that the Group
      Adjusted Net Worth incorporates the shareholder net equity of the Company as a whole (including CPIC Life and other
      operations of the Company), and the value of in force business and the value of one year’s sales are of CPIC Life only. The
      Group Embedded Value also does not include the value of in force business that is attributable to minority shareholders of
      CPIC Life.


      III. Key Valuation Assumptions
      In determining the embedded value as at 31 December 2024, we have assumed the Company continues to operate on a
      going concern basis under the current economic and regulatory environment. Policy liability and required capital have been
      calculated according to relevant requirements described in “Appraisal of Embedded Value” standard published by the CAA.
      The various operational assumptions are mainly based on the results of experience analyses, together with reference to the
      overall experience of the Chinese insurance industry, as well as with regard to expected future operating experience. As such,
      these assumptions represent our best estimate of the future based on information currently available at the valuation date.




62    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Operating results
                                                                                                                      Embedded value




The following describes the key assumptions used in determining the value of in force business and the value of one year’s
sales of CPIC Life as at 31 December 2024:


(I) Risk Discount Rate


                                                                                                                                             Operating results
The risk discount rate used to determine the value of in force business and the value of one year’s sales of CPIC Life is 8.5%.


(II) Investment Returns
The investment returns for long term business are assumed to be 4.0% in 2024 and 4.0% thereafter. The investment return for
short term business is based on the recent one-year bank deposit benchmark interest rate as published by the People’s Bank
of China before the valuation date. These assumptions have been derived based on the current capital market environment,
our current and expected future asset mix and the assumed investment returns for each major class of assets.


(III) Mortality
Mortality assumptions have been developed based on China Life Insurance Mortality Table (2010-2013), considering CPIC




                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
Life’s mortality experience analysis and expectation of future mortality trends, and varies by product.


(IV) Morbidity
Morbidity assumptions have been developed based on China Life Insurance Morbidity Table, considering CPIC Life’s morbidity
experience analysis and expectation of future morbidity trends, taking into considering deterioration of morbidity rates in
the long term, and varies by product.


(V) Lapse and Surrender Rates
Assumptions have been developed based on CPIC Life’s lapse and surrender experience analysis, and expectation of future
trends, and assumptions vary by pricing interest rates, product types, premium payment periods and distribution channels.


(VI) Expense


                                                                                                                                             Other information
Unit cost assumptions have been developed based on the results of an analysis of CPIC Life’s past non-commission related
expenses and future expectations. Future inflation of 2.5% pa in respect of per policy expenses is also assumed.


(VII) Policyholder Dividend
>   Group participating annuity business: 80 % of interest surplus;

>   Bancassurance participating business: No less than 70% of interest and mortality surplus;

>   Other participating business: 70% of interest and mortality surplus.


(VIII) Tax


                                                                                                                                             Financial report
Tax has been assumed to be payable at 25% of profits. The proportion of investment income assumed to be exempt from
income tax is 20% for all future years. The tax exemption assumptions are based on our current and expected future asset
mix and assumed investment returns for each major class of assets.

In addition, the tax of the accident business is based on related tax regulation.




                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   63
     Operating results
     Embedded value




      IV. New Business Volumes and Value of One Year’s Sales
      The table below shows the volume of new business sold in terms of first year annual premium and value of one year’s sales
      of CPIC Life after cost of required capital held based on before adjusting economic assumptions by the end of 2024.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million


                                                                                                                             Value of One Year’s Sales After Cost
                                                                      First Year Annual Premium (FYAP)
                                                                                                                                        of Required Capital Held

                                                                                 2024                      2023       2024 (Unadjustednote)                    2023

       Total                                                                   78,972                    82,402                      17,282                  10,962

       Of which: Agency channel                                                35,287                    30,750                      12,435                   9,069
                   Bancassurance channel                                       28,104                    33,291                        4,354                  1,854


      Note: “Unadjusted” refers to results before adjusting economic assumptions by the end of 2024, where the investment returns for long term business are assumed to
             be 4.5% and 4.5% thereafter, and the risk discount rate is 9.0%.



      V. Analysis of change in embedded value
      The following table shows the change in the Group Embedded Value from 31 December 2023 to 31 December 2024.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million


          No.                                       Item                                               Value                         Comments

            1       Embedded Value of the life business at 31 December 2023                         402,027

                                                                                                                  Expected returns on the 2023 embedded value
            2       Expected Return on Embedded Value                                                 28,777      of CPIC Life and the value of one year’s sales of
                                                                                                                  CPIC Life in 2024

                                                                                                                  Value of one year’s sales in respect of new
            3       Value of One Year’s Sales                                                         13,258      business written in the 12 months prior to 31
                                                                                                                  December 2024

                                                                                                                  Reflects the difference between actual and
            4       Investment Experience Variance                                                    26,713
                                                                                                                  assumed investment return in 2024

                                                                                                                  Reflects the difference between actual and
            5       Operating Experience Variance                                                      5,411
                                                                                                                  assumed operating experience

                                                                                                                  Reflects assumption and methodology changes,
            6       Change in methodology, assumptions and models                                    (64,328)
                                                                                                                  together with model enhancements

                                                                                                                  Changes in diversification benefits on cost
            7       Diversification effects                                                            2,344      of required capital from new business and
                                                                                                                  different business mix

                                                                                                                  Reflects the change in value of certain assets
            8       Change in market value adjustment                                                 14,487
                                                                                                                  not valued on a market value basis

                                                                                                                  Shareholder dividends distributed to
            9       Shareholder Dividends                                                              (6,989)
                                                                                                                  shareholders of CPIC Life

           10       Others                                                                               136

           11       Embedded Value of the life business at 31 December 2024                         421,837

                    Adjusted net worth of businesses other than CPIC Life as at
           12                                                                                       138,559
                    31 December 2023

                    Change in Adjusted Net Worth before payment of
           13                                                                                         22,537
                    shareholder dividends to shareholders of CPIC Group




64    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                                                                 Embedded value




                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million


    No.                                       Item                                  Value                      Comments

                                                                                             Dividend distributed to shareholders of CPIC
    14      Shareholder dividends                                                  (9,813)




                                                                                                                                                        Operating results
                                                                                             Group

                                                                                             Reflects the change in value of assets not
    15      Change in market value adjustment                                         857
                                                                                             valued on a market value basis

            Adjusted net worth of businesses other than CPIC Life as at
    16                                                                           152,140
            31 December 2024

            Minority interests relating to equity and market value                           Minority interests on Embedded Value as at 31
    17                                                                            (11,911)
            adjustments                                                                      December 2024

    18      Group Embedded Value as at 31 December 2024                          562,066

    19      Embedded Value as at 31 December 2024 per share (RMB)                  58.42

Note: Figures may not be additive due to rounding.



VI. Sensitivity Analysis


                                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
In consideration of the uncertainties as to future experience, we have evaluated the sensitivity of the value of in force
business and the value of one year’s sales of CPIC Life as at 31 December 2024 to changes in key assumptions. In determining
the sensitivity results, only the relevant cashflow assumption and risk discount rate assumption has been changed, while all
other assumptions have been left unchanged.

Alternative sensitivity scenarios are shown for the following:

>    Risk discount rate “+/- 50 basis points”

>    Investment return “+/- 50 basis points”

>    Mortality “+/- 10%”

>    Morbidity “+10%”

>    Lapse and surrender rates “+/- 10%”




                                                                                                                                                        Other information
>    Expenses “+10%”

The following table shows the sensitivity results of the value of in force business and the value of one year’s sales after cost
of required capital held.

                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million


                                                                      Value of In Force Business After       Value of One Year’s Sales After
                                                                        Cost of Required Capital Held         Cost of Required Capital Held

 Base                                                                                        216,590                                 13,258

 Risk discount rate “+50 basis points”                                                        207,883                                 12,587

 Risk discount rate “-50 basis points”                                                        226,115                                 13,991

 Investment return “+50 basis points”                                                         277,381                                 17,982




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
 Investment return “-50 basis points”                                                         156,129                                  8,521

 Mortality “+10%”                                                                             215,308                                 13,117

 Mortality “-10%”                                                                             217,862                                 13,402

 Morbidity “+10%”                                                                             208,046                                 13,002

 Lapse and surrender rates “+10%”                                                             220,531                                 13,187

 Lapse and surrender rates “-10%”                                                             212,472                                 13,343

 Expenses “+10%”                                                                              212,904                                 12,582




                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report   65
Corporate
governance
                           Corporate governance
                           Report of the Board of Directors and significant events    69

                           Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile     89

                           Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees    95

                           Corporate governance                                      111

                           Environmental and social responsibility                   145




68   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Board of Directors
          and significant events




                          2024 Annual Report   69
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




     1
      Results and distributions
                                                                              Dividend distributions for the past three years are as follows:


                                                                                                      Cash             Cash          Net profit
      The net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent for                Year of
                                                                                                  dividend        dividend     attributable to
      the year 2024 included in the audited consolidated financial                               per share      (including       the dividend      Payout ratio (%)
                                                                                 dividend
                                                                                                (including          tax) (2)      distribution        (4) = (2)/(3)
      statements, prepared in accordance with the PRC GAAP, was               distribution
                                                                                                    tax) (1)          (RMB           yearnote(3)
      RMB44.960 billion. The net profit for the year 2024 included in                                (RMB)         million)     (RMB million)
      the audited financial statements of parent company, prepared                    2024             1.08         10,390              44,960                23.1
      in accordance with the PRC GAAP, was RMB10.817 billion.
                                                                                      2023             1.02          9,813              27,257                36.0
      According to the Articles of Association and other applicable
      regulations, if the cumulative amount of statutory surplus                      2022             1.02          9,813              24,609                39.9

      reserves reaches 50% and above of the Company’s registered              Note: Attributable to shareholders of the parent.
      capital, no net profit shall be set aside as surplus reserves for
      the following years. The retained profits at the end of 2024            Under the Articles of Association, the Company is committed
      included in the financial statements of the parent company,             to providing reasonable returns to its shareholders. Its profit
      prepared in accordance with the PRC GAAP, were RMB47.104                distribution policy should be consistent and stable. The
      billion.                                                                Company may make interim profit distribution, and gives first
                                                                              priority to cash dividend.
      For profit distribution we consider factors such as business
      development of the Company and shareholders' expected                   The Articles of Association also stipulates that the
      returns. Cash dividend is determined mainly based on growth             accumulated cash dividend pay-outs in the recent 3 years
      of OPAT attributable to shareholders of the parent, while               shall not be less than 30% of the accumulated profits of
      also considering positive contribution from investments. In             the Company during the same period except when 1) the
      2024, OPAT attributable to shareholders of the parent of the            Company’s solvency adequacy ratio fails to meet NFRA
      Company amounted to RMB34.425 billion.                                  minimum requirement, 2) wars or natural catastrophes have a
                                                                              major impact on its business performance and financial results,
      Therefore, the profit distribution for 2024 is made based on            3) there are major changes in its operating environment which
      the audited financial statements of the parent company. The             have a major impact on its business performance and financial
      Company intends to declare annual cash dividend of RMB1.08              results, 4) there are significant adverse developments in the
      per share (tax included). Based on the total share capital of           Company’s operation, or 5) laws, regulations and ordinances
      9,620,341,455 shares, the amount of dividend in aggregate               stipulate otherwise.
      will be RMB10,389,968,771.40. The remaining retained profits
      will be carried forward to 2025. No capital reserve was                 The Company may adjust its profit distribution policy.
      transferred to the share capital during the year. The proposed          Any such adjustment shall be proposed as a resolution of
      final dividends are expected to be paid on or around 18 July            the board of directors on the basis of prudent studies and
      2025 upon approval at the 2024 annual shareholders’ general             deliberations, with the issuance of opinions by independent
      meeting.                                                                directors, before being submitted as a special resolution to
                                                                              the general meeting for approval. The board of directors and
      As for the information necessary to enable holders of listed            the general meeting should hear and give full consideration
      securities of the Company to obtain any relief from taxation,           of the opinions of the Company’s independent directors and
      please refer to the Announcement of Audited Annual Results              investors, ensuring diverse channels of communication with
      for the year ended 31 December 2024 published by the                    them and readily subject themselves to their oversight on this
      Company on the website of SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk).                       matter.

      After cash dividend distribution, there will be no significant          The Company’s cash dividend policy complies with the
      impact on the Group’s solvency ratio, and still meeting the             Articles of Association, contains clear and specific standards
      requirements of regulators.                                             and pay-out ratios, and was formulated on the basis of proper
                                                                              decision-making procedures and mechanisms, considering
      No capital reserve was transferred to the share capital during
                                                                              opinions of the Company’s independent directors and offering
      any of the last three years.
                                                                              protection of the legitimate rights and interests of its minority
      The above profit distribution proposal is                subject   to   shareholders. The conditions for and the procedures of the
      shareholders’ approval at the general meeting.                          amendments to the Company’s profits distribution policy are
                                                                              also transparent and compliant.




70    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
                                                                                         Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




2
Fulfillment of the undertakings                                                                                                                         Operating results


During the reporting period, there were no undertakings the Company was required to disclose.




3                                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance


Appointment of auditors
Pursuant to the resolution of the 2023 annual general meeting, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP was engaged by the Company
as the auditor of the financial statements and the auditor for the internal control for 2024, whilst undertaking duties required
of auditors in accordance with Hong Kong Listing Rules.

The year 2024 was the 3rd consecutive year when Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP served as the Company’s auditor.




                                                                                                                                                        Other information
The financial statements prepared in accordance with PRC GAAP (A share and H share) have been audited by Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP. The engagement partner is Mr. GUO Hangxiang and the certified public accountants signing the report are
Mr. GUO Hangxiang and Mr. WANG Ziqing. The year 2024 was the 3rd consecutive year when Mr. GUO Hangxiang served as
the engagement partner and the certified public accountant signing the report. The year 2024 was the 3rd consecutive year
when Mr. WANG Ziqing served as the certified public accountant signing the report.

The remuneration paid to the auditors for provision of annual financial statements auditing service and internal control
auditing service for 2024 was RMB24.9860 million (tax included) and RMB2.6300 million (tax included), respectively.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report       71
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      4                                                              5
      Material litigations                                           Penalties and
      and arbitrations                                               subsequent
      During the reporting period, the Company did not engage        rectification
      in any material litigation or arbitration which was required
      to be disclosed.                                               During the reporting period, there were no penalties or
                                                                     subsequent rectification the Company was required to
                                                                     disclose.




      6                                                              7
      Fulfilment of                                                  Capital occupation
      obligations
                                                                     During the reporting period, there was no non-operating
                                                                     occupation of capital of the Company by controlling
      During the reporting period, the Company had no
                                                                     shareholders or other related parties.
      outstanding obligations such as unfulfilled obligations
      under rulings by courts of laws or payment in arrears
      involving large amounts.




      8                                                              9
      Guarantee contracts                                            Share option scheme
      During the reporting period, the Company did not enter into    During the reporting period, the Company did not have
      any guarantee contract that violated laws, administrative      any share option scheme, employee stock ownership plan,
      regulations or the external guarantee resolution procedures    or other employee incentive measure which required
      prescribed by the CSRC.                                        disclosure.




72    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Corporate governance
                                                                                      Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




10
Continuing connected transactions                                                                                                                    Operating results


For details of continuing connected transactions under Hong Kong Listing Rules, please refer to the announcements of the
Company dated 29 July 2016, 12 April 2019 and 11 July 2022.

To regulate the transactions conducted by the Company with Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd. ( 華寶信託有限責任公司 ) (the
“Hwabao Trust”) and Hwabao WP Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 華寶基金管理有限公司 ) (the “Hwabao Fund”, formerly
known as Hwabao SG Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 華寶興業基金管理有限公司 )), on 29 July 2016, the Company entered
into a framework agreement in respect of the continuing connected transactions with Hwabao Trust and Hwabao Fund




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
(the “Original Framework Agreement”). Pursuant to the Original Framework Agreement, the Group, Hwabao Trust and
Hwabao Fund have agreed to enter into transactions, including sale and purchase of bonds, pledge-style bond repurchase,
subscription and redemption of funds, purchase of trust plans, sale of asset management products or collective pension
products. The Original Framework Agreement shall become effective on the date of signing by all parties and shall continue
to be valid until 31 December 2018. To renew transactions under the Original Framework Agreement and to regulate
transactions conducted with Hwabao Trust, Hwabao Fund and Hwabao Securities Co., Ltd. ( 華寶證券股份有限公司 ) (the
“Hwabao Securities”) (Hwabao Trust, Hwabao Fund and Hwabao Securities are collectively referred to as the “Hwabao
Parties”), on 12 April 2019, the Company entered into a framework agreement on continuing connected transactions with the
Hwabao Parties (the “Framework Agreement in 2019”). Pursuant to the Framework Agreement in 2019, the Group and the
Hwabao Parties have agreed to enter into transactions, including sale and purchase of bonds, pledge-style repo, subscription
and redemption of securities investment funds, purchase of trust plans, sale of asset management products or collective
pension products. The Framework Agreement in 2019 shall be effective from 31 January 2019 to 31 December 2019. To
renew transactions under the Framework Agreement in 2019 and to regulate transactions conducted with Hwabao Parties,
on 11 July 2022, the Company entered into a framework agreement in respect of the continuing connected transactions
with Hwabao Parties (the “Framework Agreement”), with an initial term from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. Upon




                                                                                                                                                     Other information
expiration of the initial term, the Framework Agreement shall automatically be renewed for a term of one year, and there
shall not be more than two automatic renewals. Pursuant to the Framework Agreement, the Group and the Hwabao Parties
have agreed to enter into transactions, including sale and purchase of bonds, pledge-style repo, subscription and redemption
of securities investment funds, purchase of trust plans, sales of asset management products and pension security products.

Hwabao Securities is a subsidiary of Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd., a substantial shareholder of the Company, and therefore
constitutes a connected person of the Company under Hong Kong Listing Rules. Hwabao Trust and Hwabao Fund, a
subsidiary of Hwabao Trust, as well as Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd., a substantial shareholder of the Company, are all under
common control of China Baowu. Pursuant to the requirements under Hong Kong Listing Rules, both of Hwabao Trust and
Hwabao Fund are associates of China Baowu and therefore also connected persons of the Company under Hong Kong Listing
Rules.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report       73
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the continuing connected transactions under the Framework
      Agreement exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, such transactions under the Framework Agreement are only subject to the
      announcement, reporting and annual review requirements and are exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
      requirement under Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules. The below table sets out the comparison between the annual
      cap and actual transaction amount of the continuing connected transactions with the Hwabao Parties for the year ended 31
      December 2024:

                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million


                                                                                          Annual cap for the year   Transaction amount for the year
                                                       Type of transaction
                                                                                        ended 31 December 2024            ended 31 December 2024

                                                       All types (aggregate amount of
       The Hwabao Parties                                                                                 20,000                                720
                                                       payment and receipt)


      Regarding the above non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Group, independent non-executive Directors
      have reviewed the agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder and confirmed that the transactions:

      >     were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

      >     were conducted on normal commercial terms or such terms no less favourable to the Group obtained from or offered by
            independent third parties; and

      >     were conducted according to the relevant agreement governing them on terms that were fair and reasonable and in the
            interest of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

      The auditors of the Company have reviewed the above non-exempt continuing connected transactions and issued a letter
      to the Board on this regard, confirming that nothing has come to their attention that caused them to believe that the
      continuing connected transactions:

      >     have not been approved by the Board;

      >     were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company if the transactions involve the
            provision of goods or services by the Group;

      >     were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions;
            and

      >     had an annual actual transaction amount that exceeds the relevant annual cap as disclosed in previous announcements
            published by the Company.

      The Board is responsible for the management of connected transactions, including the review on the management system
      for connected transactions, the review and approval of material connected transactions and the review on the annual report
      review, consideration and approval of connected transactions. The Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
      under the Board shall be responsible for the periodic review on the annual review report of connected transactions submitted
      by the Risk Management Department. Independent Directors conducted review on, among others, the fairness of material
      connected transactions and the execution of internal review and approval procedure in order to mitigate relevant risks on
      connected transactions and safeguard the interest of the Company and Shareholders. The Company regularly collates the
      report of total transaction amount to ensure that the annual cap is not exceeded.

      Details of the related party transactions of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in Note IX-3.1 to
      the financial statements to this report. Several related party transactions disclosed in Note IX-3.1 to the financial statements
      also constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company as disclosed above. The Company confirms that such
      related party transactions have complied with the applicable disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of Hong Kong
      Listing Rules.




74    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Corporate governance
                                                                                       Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




11
Material contracts                                                                                                                                    Operating results


Entrusted investment management. Investment is one of the main businesses of the Company, and the Company mainly
adopts a model of entrusted investment management. At present, a diversified entrusted investment management structure
has been developed which is based on the internal managers within CPIC and supplemented by external managers. The
internal investment managers mainly include CPIC AMC, Changjiang Pension and CPIC Capital; external investment managers
include professional investment management agencies such as fund companies and securities firms and asset management
companies. The Company selects investment managers based on the investment objectives and risk characteristics of a
specific account or asset class, as well as investment manager's capabilities, and appropriately mitigates risks through the




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
diversification and decentralization of asset types, investment strategies, and investment managers. The Company signs
an entrusted investment management agreement with the investment managers, and guide their investment behaviour
through investment guidelines, dynamic tracking communication, performance evaluation and other measures, and take
targeted risk management measures based on the profile of investment assets.

Save as disclosed above, during the reporting period, the Company did not have any material contracts which were required
to be disclosed.




12                                                                                                                                                    Other information
Performance of duties by the Board of
Directors
Details of the performance of duties by the board of directors and its special committees during the reporting period are set
out in the Section “Corporate governance” of this report.




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report       75
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      13
      Principal business
      We are a leading comprehensive insurance group in the PRC, providing, through our subsidiaries, a broad range of life
      insurance, property and casualty insurance, specialised health insurance and pension products and services to individual and
      institutional customers throughout the country. We also manage and deploy our insurance funds as well as third party assets
      through our subsidiaries.




      14
      Reserves
      Details for reserves (including general reserves, other comprehensive income and retained profits) are shown in notes VI-28,
      29, 30, 31 and 48 to the financial statements.




      15
      Property and equipment and investment
      properties
      Details for property and equipment and investment properties are shown in notes VI-12, 13 and 11 to the financial
      statements.




76    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Corporate governance
                                                                                        Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




16
Financial summary                                                                                                                                      Operating results


Summary of financial information is shown in the section “Highlights of accounting and operation data” of this report.




17                                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance


Use of Proceeds Received from Issuance of
GDRs
The GDRs issued by the Company were listed on the LSE (the "Initial Offering") on 22 June 2020, and additional GDRs were
issued due to the exercise of over-allotment option (the “Over-allotment”) on 9 July 2020. A total of 111,668,291 GDRs were
issued through the Initial Offering and Over-allotment at USD17.60 per GDR, raising a total proceeds of USD1,965,361,921.60.




                                                                                                                                                       Other information
The differences between the beginning and ending balance of proceeds unused are mainly the proceeds used during the
reporting period and the interest income generated by the raised funds. As of the end of the reporting period, the use of
proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.




                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report       77
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      As of the end of the reporting period, details of use of the above-said proceeds are as follows:

                              Proceeds unused as                                                                            Proceeds unused
       Total proceeds                                          The intended use of         Proceeds used during                                 Plan for use of the
                              at the beginning of the                                                                       at the end of the
       raised                                                  proceeds raised             the reporting period                                 unused funds
                              reporting period                                                                              reporting period

                                                               (1) 70% or more of          –                                                    (i) Less than USD127.5 million
                                                               the net proceeds will                                                            will be used to subscribe to the
                                                               be used for gradually
                                                               developing the                                                                   fund interests of HTCP CAPITAL
                                                               Group’s businesses                                                               LPF ( 泰保新經濟有限合夥基
                                                               overseas, in the form                                                            金 );
                                                               of equity investments,
                                                                                                                                                (ii) Approximately RMB0.7
                                                               partnerships and
                                                               alliances, and mergers                                                           billion will be used for the
                                                               and acquisitions in                                                              establishment of a new
                                                               both developed and
                                                                                                                                                company ( 上海市健康
                                                               emerging markets,
                                                               supporting core                                                                  養老發展 ( 集團 ) 有限公
                                                               insurance business                                                               司 ) conducting health and
                                                               growth;
                                                                                                                                                retirement business;
                                                               (2) Up to 30%, or the                                                            (iii) Less than RMB0.432 billion
                                                               remainder of the net
                                                                                                                                                will be used to subscribe for
                                                               proceeds, will be used
                                                               for developing an                                                                shares in Nanjing CPIC Phase
                                                               overseas investment                                                             II Health Care Industry Fund
                                                                                                                            USD
       USD                    USD                              platform to invest in                                                           Management Partnership
                                                                                           –                                622,053,190.19
       1,965,361,921.60       597,014,298.54 and               innovative businesses,
                                                                                                                            and RMB            (Limited Partnership) ( 南京太
                              RMB 1,905,446,167.76note         such as healthcare,
                                                                                                                            491,342,568.44note
                                                               elderly care, and                                                               保二期大健康產業基金管理合
                                                               technology, leveraging                                                           夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ))
                                                               CPIC's offshore
                                                                                                                                                (iv) Less than RMB0.48 billion
                                                               investment capabilities;
                                                                                                                                                will be used to subscribe
                                                                                           (i) Approximately USD
                                                                                                                                                for shares in CPIC Health
                                                                                           159,442,533.44 (RMB115
                                                                                           million, or 8.11% of the                             Industry Private Investment
                                                               If the Company
                                                                                           total proceeds), has been                            Fund (Shanghai) Partnership
                                                               deems that the plan
                                                                                           used for general purposes.
                                                               in any particular areas                                                          (Limited Partnership) 太保大健
                                                                                           (ii) Approximately USD
                                                               described above to                                                               康產業私募投資基金 ( 上海 )
                                                                                           37,434,333.94 (RMB270
                                                               be unachievable,
                                                                                           million, or 1.90% of the total                       合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ))
                                                               the corresponding
                                                                                           proceeds), has been used
                                                               intended portion of the                                                          (v) The remaining will be used
                                                                                           to subscribe for shares in
                                                               proceeds will be used to                                                         in line with the Company's
                                                                                           CPIC Health Industry Private
                                                               replenish its capital and
                                                                                           Investment Fund (Shanghai)                           business development and
                                                               for general corporate
                                                                                           Partnership (Limited                                 market situation.
                                                               purposes.
                                                                                           Partnership) 太保大健康產
                                                                                           業私募投資基金 ( 上海 ) 合
                                                                                           夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ))

      Note: The balance of the raised funds that have been settled and not yet used.




78    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
                                                                                         Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




18
Events after the balance sheet date                                                                                                                     Operating results


Events after the balance sheet date are shown in note XVI to the financial statements.




19                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance


Bank borrowings
The Company had no bank borrowings other than the bond issued by CPIC P/C and CPIC Life, and securities sold under
agreements to repurchases of its investment business. For details of the bond issuance, please refer to note VI-23, 32 to the
financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                        Other information



20
Charitable and other donations


                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
During the reporting period, the Company made charitable and other donations totalling approximately RMB57.1225 million.




                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report       79
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      21
      Share capital and sufficient public float
      The changes in the Company’s share capital are shown in the Section “Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile”
      of this report. Based on the information that is publicly available and within the knowledge of the directors as at the latest
      practicable date prior to the printing of this report, since 12 January 2011, not less than 25% of the total issued share capital
      of the Company was held in public hands and not less than 15% of the H share capital of the Company was held in public
      hands, which is consistent with the requirements under Hong Kong Listing Rules to maintain a minimum public float.




      22
      Management contract
      During the reporting period, the Company did not enter into any management contract by which a person or entity
      undertakes the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the Company.




      23
      Directors, supervisors and senior
      management
      Biographies of the Company’s current directors, supervisors and senior management are shown in the Section “Directors,
      supervisors, senior management and employees” of this report.




80    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Corporate governance
                                                                                       Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




24
Directors’ and supervisors’ interests in                                                                                                              Operating results

competing business
As far as the Company is aware, during the reporting period, none of the Company’s directors or supervisors has any interests
in businesses which, directly or indirectly, compete with the Company’s businesses.




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
25
Directors’ and supervisors’ service contracts and
remunerations

                                                                                                                                                      Other information
None of the Company’s directors or supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries
which is not terminable within one year, or terminable only when receiving compensation other than the statutory
compensation.

Details for the directors’ and supervisors’ remunerations are shown in the Section “Directors, supervisors, senior management
and employees” of this report.




26                                                                                                                                                    Financial report

Special committees of the board of directors
The board of directors of the Company established five special committees, namely the Strategic and Investment Decision-
Making & ESG Committee, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee, the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, the Risk Management Committee, and the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights Protection Committee.
See the Section “Corporate governance” of this report for details of the special committees of the board of directors.
                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report       81
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      27
      Directors’ and supervisors’ interests in
      material transactions, arrangements or
      contracts
      As far as the Company is aware, during the reporting period, the directors and supervisors (and/or its connected entities) of
      the Company did not have any material interest, whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract
      which was significant to the Company’s business and which was entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. None
      of the directors or supervisors of the Company has entered into any service contract which is not terminable by the Company
      within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).




      28
      Directors’ and supervisors’ rights to subscribe
      for shares or bonds
      The Company did not grant to any directors, supervisors or their respective spouses or children under 18 years of age any
      rights to subscribe for or to acquire shares or bonds of the Company or its subsidiaries.




82    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
                                                                                             Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




29
Interests and short positions of directors,                                                                                                                 Operating results

supervisors and senior management in
shares, underlying shares
or debentures


                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
So far as the directors of the Company are aware, as at 31 December 2024, the following directors, supervisors or senior
management of the Company had an interest or short position in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company
which was required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register maintained by the Company or which
was required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions.

                                                                                                    Percentage of
                                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                        Type of    Number of        shareholdings
 Name                         Position               Capacity                                                               the total shares
                                                                        shares        shares        in the class of
                                                                                                                                 issued (%)
                                                                                                 shares issued (%)

                              Chairman and
 FU Fan                                              Beneficial owner   H shares   210,400 (L)               0.01 (L)                  0.00 (L)
                                executive director

                              Executive director
 ZHAO Yonggang                                       Beneficial owner   A shares    12,900 (L)               0.00 (L)                  0.00 (L)
                                and president

(L) denotes a long position


The detailed shareholdings of directors, supervisors and senior management are set out in the section “Directors, Supervisors




                                                                                                                                                            Other information
and Senior Management” of this report. Save as disclosed in this report, as at 31 December 2024, the directors of the
Company were not aware that there was any directors, supervisors or senior management of the Company who had any
interest or short position in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which was required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
register maintained by the Company or which was required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to the Model
Code for Securities Transactions.




                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report       83
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      30
      Interests and short positions of substantial
      shareholders and other persons in the shares
      and underlying shares
      So far as the directors of the Company are aware, as at 31 December 2024, the following persons (excluding the directors,
      supervisors or senior management of the Company) had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the
      Company which shall be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which,
      pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, shall be entered in the register maintained by the Company:

                                                                                                                           Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                       Percentage of
       Name of substantial                                                                    Type of        Number of   shareholdings in
                                                  Capacity                                                                                           the total shares
       shareholders                                                                           shares            shares the class of shares
                                                                                                                                                       issued (%)note 1
                                                                                                                           issued (%)note 1

                                                  Beneficial owner                            H shares   192,068,400 (L)                 6.92 (L)             2.00 (L)
       上海國際集團有限公司 note 2                          Interest of corporation controlled by
                                                                                              H shares     6,428,400 (L)                 0.23 (L)             0.07 (L)
                                                     上海國際集團有限公司

                                                                                                          24,898,867 (L)                0.90 (L)              0.26 (L)
                                                  Beneficial owner                            H shares
                                                                                                          13,237,657 (S)                0.48 (S)              0.14 (S)

                                                  Investment manager                          H shares   135,347,321 (L)                 4.88 (L)             1.41 (L)
       JPMorgan Chase & Co.note 3                 Person having a security interest in
                                                                                              H shares     2,962,969 (L)                 0.11 (L)             0.03 (L)
                                                    shares

                                                                                                          30,998,498 (L)                1.12 (L)              0.32 (L)
                                                  Approved lending agent                      H shares
                                                                                                          30,998,498 (P)                1.12 (P)              0.32 (P)

       Schroders PLCnote 4                        Investment manager                          H shares   194,171,934 (L)                 6.99 (L)              2.02(L)

                                                  Interest of corporation controlled by                  161,311,781 (L)                5.81 (L)              1.68 (L)
       BlackRock, Inc.note 5                                                                  H shares
                                                     BlackRock, Inc.                                       2,107,800 (S)                0.08 (S)              0.02 (S)

      (L) denotes a long position; (S) denotes a short position; (P) denotes a lending pool
      Notes:
      1. As at 31 December 2024, the Company issued a total of 9,620,341,455 shares, including 6,845,041,455 A shares and 2,775,300,000 H shares.
      2. Pursuant to Part XV of the SFO, as at 31 December 2024, 上海國際集團有限公司 is deemed or taken to be interested in a total of 198,496,800 H shares (long position)
         of the Company. The details of the shareholding interests of the company directly or indirectly controlled by 上海國際集團有限公司 are set out below:


       Name of controlled company                                                                                                                   Number of shares

       上海國際集團 ( 香港 ) 有限公司                                                                                                                               6,428,400 (L)

      (L) denotes a long position




84    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                              Corporate governance
                                                                                                                      Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




3. Pursuant to Part XV of the SFO, as at 31 December 2024, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is deemed or taken to be interested in a total of 194,207,655 H shares (long position),
   13,237,657 H shares (short position) and 30,998,498 H shares (lending pool) of the Company. Among which, 3,431,000 H shares (long position) and 1,190,000 H
   shares (short position) were held through derivatives, categorised as held through physically settled listed derivatives; 11,400 H shares (short position) were held
   through derivatives, categorised as held through cash settled listed derivatives; 2,685,526 H shares (long position) and 2,207,281 H shares (short position) were held
   through derivatives, categorised as held through physically settled unlisted derivatives; 9,386,000 H shares (long position) and 3,613,176 H shares (short position)




                                                                                                                                                                                     Operating results
   were held through derivatives, categorised as held through cash settled unlisted derivatives. The details of the shareholding interests of the companies directly or
   indirectly controlled by JPMorgan Chase & Co. are set out below:


 Name of controlled company                                                                                                                        Number of shares

 JPMorgan Asset Management (China) Company Limited                                                                                                       1,347,600 (L)

 JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited                                                                                                              4,397,000 (L)

 J.P. Morgan SE                                                                                                                                              32,040 (L)

                                                                                                                                                         4,910,435 (L)
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
                                                                                                                                                         2,487,866 (S)

 JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT (UK) LIMITED                                                                                                                  2,708,400 (L)

 J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.                                                                                                                15,191,721 (L)

                                                                                                                                                           212,995 (L)
 J.P. Morgan Prime Inc.
                                                                                                                                                           212,995 (S)




                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association                                                                                                             34,920,498 (L)

 JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited                                                                                                     107,773,600 (L)

                                                                                                                                                       22,713,366 (L)
 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC
                                                                                                                                                       10,536,796 (S)

 JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc.                                                                                                              131,418,321 (L)

                                                                                                                                                      136,541,751 (L)
 JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC
                                                                                                                                                        2,700,861 (S)

 JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia) Inc.                                                                                                                112,170,600 (L)

                                                                                                                                                       22,745,406 (L)
 J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited
                                                                                                                                                       10,536,796 (S)

                                                                                                                                                       22,745,406 (L)
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
                                                                                                                                                       10,536,796 (S)

                                                                                                                                                         5,123,430 (L)
 J.P. Morgan Broker-Dealer Holdings Inc.




                                                                                                                                                                                     Other information
                                                                                                                                                         2,700,861 (S)

 JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                         2,708,400 (L)

                                                                                                                                                           212,995 (L)
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
                                                                                                                                                           212,995 (S)

                                                                                                                                                       22,713,366 (L)
 J.P. MORGAN CAPITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                       10,536,796 (S)

(L) denotes a long position; (S) denotes a short position
4. Pursuant to Part XV of the SFO, as at 31 December 2024, Schroders PLC is deemed or taken to be interested in a total of 194,171,934 H shares (long position) of the
   Company. Among which, 1,418,600 H shares (long position) were held through derivatives, categorised as held through cash settled unlisted derivatives. The details
   of the shareholding interests of the companies directly or indirectly controlled by Schroders PLC are set out below:


 Name of controlled company                                                                                                                        Number of shares

 Schroder Administration Limited                                                                                                                      194,171,934 (L)

 Schroder International Holdings Limited                                                                                                              194,171,934 (L)




                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
 Schroder Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                    14,287,000 (L)

 Schroder Investment Management (Singapore) Ltd.                                                                                                       71,607,200 (L)

 Schroder Investment Management Limited                                                                                                                71,161,800 (L)

 Schroder Investment Management Limited                                                                                                                37,115,934 (L)

 Schroder Investment Management North America Limited                                                                                                  37,115,934 (L)

(L) denotes a long position




                                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report       85
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      5. Pursuant to Part XV of the SFO, as at 31 December 2024, BlackRock, Inc. is deemed or taken to be interested in a total of 161,311,781 H shares (long position) and
         2,107,800 H shares (short position) of the Company. Among which, 2,928,400 H shares (long position) and 1,248,800 H shares (short position) were held through
         derivatives, categorised as held through cash settled unlisted derivatives. The details of the shareholding interests of the companies directly or indirectly controlled
         by BlackRock, Inc. are set out below:


       Name of controlled company                                                                                                                        Number of shares

                                                                                                                                                             161,311,781(L)
       BlackRock Finance, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                               2,107,800(S)

       Trident Merger, LLC                                                                                                                                      1,306,585(L)

       BlackRock Investment Management, LLC                                                                                                                       723,585(L)

       BlackRock Investment Management, LLC                                                                                                                       583,000(L)

                                                                                                                                                             160,005,196(L)
       BlackRock Holdco 2, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                               2,107,800(S)

                                                                                                                                                             155,335,996(L)
       BlackRock Financial Management, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                 932,800(S)

                                                                                                                                                                4,669,200(L)
       BlackRock Financial Management, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                1,175,000(S)

                                                                                                                                                             103,186,405(L)
       BlackRock Holdco 4, LLC
                                                                                                                                                                 640,000(S)

                                                                                                                                                             103,186,405(L)
       BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC
                                                                                                                                                                 640,000(S)

                                                                                                                                                             103,186,405(L)
       BlackRock Delaware Holdings Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                 640,000(S)

                                                                                                                                                               34,044,205(L)
       BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association
                                                                                                                                                                  640,000(S)

       BlackRock Fund Advisors                                                                                                                                 69,142,200(L)

       BlackRock Capital Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                                             91,400(L)

       BlackRock Advisors, LLC                                                                                                                                      91,400(L)

                                                                                                                                                               52,058,191(L)
       BlackRock International Holdings, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                  292,800(S)

                                                                                                                                                               51,375,191(L)
       BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.
                                                                                                                                                                  292,800(S)

       BlackRock Lux Finco S.à r.l.                                                                                                                             2,834,489(L)

       BlackRock Japan Holdings GK                                                                                                                              2,834,489(L)

       BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                2,834,489(L)

                                                                                                                                                               41,057,488(L)
       BlackRock Holdco 3, LLC
                                                                                                                                                                  292,800(S)

       BlackRock Canada Holdings ULC                                                                                                                              683,000(L)

       BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited                                                                                                                  683,000(L)

       BlackRock Australia Holdco Pty. Ltd.                                                                                                                     1,933,200(L)

       BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited                                                                                                      1,933,200(L)

       BlackRock (Singapore) Holdco Pte. Ltd.                                                                                                                   8,384,503(L)

       BlackRock HK Holdco Limited                                                                                                                              7,578,703(L)

       BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited                                                                                                            4,744,214(L)




86    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Corporate governance
                                                                                     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




 Name of controlled company                                                                                       Number of shares

                                                                                                                       41,057,488(L)
 BlackRock Cayman 1 LP
                                                                                                                          292,800(S)

                                                                                                                       41,057,488(L)




                                                                                                                                                    Operating results
 BlackRock Cayman West Bay Finco Limited
                                                                                                                          292,800(S)

                                                                                                                       41,057,488(L)
 BlackRock Cayman West Bay IV Limited
                                                                                                                          292,800(S)

                                                                                                                       41,057,488(L)
 BlackRock Group Limited
                                                                                                                          292,800(S)

 BlackRock Finance Europe Limited                                                                                      19,265,775(L)

 BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.                                                                                              115,200(L)

 BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.                                                                                            3,099,412(L)

 BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited                                                                                            62,600(L)

 BlackRock International Limited                                                                                           135,800(L)

                                                                                                                       21,655,913(L)
 BlackRock Group Limited-Luxembourg Branch
                                                                                                                          292,800(S)




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
                                                                                                                       21,655,913(L)
 BlackRock Luxembourg Holdco S.à r.l.
                                                                                                                          292,800(S)

 BlackRock Investment Management Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company                                                    21,515,913(L)

 BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited                                                                            21,515,913(L)

                                                                                                                           103,800(L)
 BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A.
                                                                                                                           292,800(S)

 BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited                                                                          12,101,829(L)

 BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited                                                                            3,886,734(L)

 BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. – German Branch – Frankfurt BlackRock                                                        115,200(L)

 BlackRock Asset Management Deutschland AG                                                                                 115,200(L)

 BlackRock Fund Managers Limited                                                                                       12,101,829(L)

 BlackRock Life Limited                                                                                                    135,800(L)




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
 BlackRock (Singapore) Limited                                                                                             805,800(L)

 BlackRock UK Holdco Limited                                                                                                36,200(L)

 BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG                                                                                      36,200(L)

 EG Holdings Blocker, LLC                                                                                                  723,585(L)

 Amethyst Intermediate, LLC                                                                                                723,585(L)

 Aperio Holdings, LLC                                                                                                      723,585(L)

 Aperio Holdings, LLC                                                                                                      723,585(L)

 Aperio Group, LLC                                                                                                         723,585(L)

(L) denotes a long position; (S) denotes a short position


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the directors of the Company were not aware that there was any other
person (other than the directors, supervisors or senior management of the Company) who had interests or short positions in
the shares or underlying shares of the Company which were required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
the register maintained by the Company.

Specifics on the shareholdings by the Company’s top ten shareholders are set out in the section “Changes in the Share
Capital and Shareholders’ Profile” of this report.




                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report       87
     Corporate governance
     Report of the Board of Directors and significant events




      31
      Purchase, redemption or sale of the
      Company’s listed securities
      During the reporting period, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of
      the Company (including any treasury shares). As at the end of the reporting period, the Company did not hold any treasury
      shares.




      32
      Pre-emptive rights
      According to the relevant PRC laws and under the Articles of Association, none of the Company’s shareholders have any pre-
      emptive rights, and the Company does not have any arrangement in respect of share options.




      33
      Permitted indemnity provisions
      During the reporting period and up to the date of this annual report, the Company has undertaken and maintained a
      collective liability insurance policy covering, among others, all directors of the Company. This policy provides appropriate
      insurance coverage for compensation liabilities and other responsibilities incurred in the execution of their corporate duties,
      with the insured amount determined in accordance with the specific requirements of their professional responsibilities and
      the operational environment.




      34
      Business View
      A fair review of the business of the Company, the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, particulars of
      important events affecting the Company (if any) and the outlook of the Company’s business are provided in Sections
      “Chairman’s statement”, “Operation overview”, “Review and analysis of operating results” and the relevant notes to financial
      statements in the Section “Financial report” of this report. In addition, more details regarding the Company’s performance
      by reference to financial key performance indicators, compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant
      impact on the Company, as well as relationships with major stakeholders are provided in Sections “Chairman’s statement”,
      “Operation overview”, “Review and analysis of operating results”, “Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees”
      and “Corporate governance” of this report.



88    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Changes in the share capital and
            shareholders’ profile
     Corporate governance
     Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile




     1
      Changes in share capital
      The table below shows the Company’s share capital as at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                                                            Unit: share


                                                              Before change                  Increase or decrease (+ or -)                       After change

                                                                                     New               Transfer
                                                                      Percentage            Bonus                                                         Percentage
                                                         Amount                    shares                 from         Others    Sub-total     Amount
                                                                             (%)            shares                                                               (%)
                                                                                   issued              reserves

       1. Shares with selling restrictions

       (1) State-owned shares                                     –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       (2) State-owned enterprises shares                         –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       (3) Other domestic shares                                  –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       held by

       legal entities                                             –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       natural persons                                            –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       (4) Foreign shares                                         –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       held by

       legal entities                                             –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       natural persons                                            –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       Total                                                      –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       2. Shares without selling restrictions

       (1) Ordinary shares denominated
                                                   6,845,041,455           71.15       –         –             –             –          – 6,845,041,455         71.15
           in RMB

       (2) Domestically listed foreign shares                     –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       (3) Overseas listed foreign shares
                                                   2,775,300,000           28.85       –         –             –             –          – 2,775,300,000         28.85
           (H share)

       (4) Others                                                 –           –        –         –             –             –          –            –             –

       Total                                       9,620,341,455          100.00       –         –             –             –          – 9,620,341,455       100.00

       3. Total number of shares                   9,620,341,455          100.00       –         –             –             –          – 9,620,341,455       100.00




90    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
                                                                                                              Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile




2
                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
Shareholders
(I) Number of shareholders and their shareholdings
As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had no shares with selling restrictions.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: share
Total number of shareholders as at the end of the reporting period: 108,209 (including 104,355 A shareholders and 3,854 H shareholders)
Total number of shareholders as at the end of February 2025: 114,628 (including 110,797 A shareholders and 3,831 H shareholders)

Shares held by top 10 shareholders as at the end of the reporting period




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                                 Number of       Number of
                                                               Percentage                 decrease (+ or -)
                                                                           Total number                         shares held shares subject            Type of
Name of shareholders                  Nature of shareholders        of the                of shareholding
                                                                           of shares held                       with selling   to pledge or           shares
                                                             shareholding                       during the
                                                                                                                 restriction lock-up period
                                                                                          reporting period

HKSCC Nominees Limited                 Overseas legal entity       28.82%   2,772,616,357           +33,250                –                  –       H Share

Shenergy (Group) Co., Ltd.           State-owned legal person      14.05%   1,352,129,014                 –                –                  –       A Share

Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd.          State-owned legal person      13.35%   1,284,277,846                 –                –                  –       A Share

Shanghai State-Owned Assets
                                     State-owned legal person       6.34%     609,929,956                 –                –                  –       A Share
  Operation Co., Ltd.

Shanghai Haiyan Investment
                             State-owned legal person               4.87%     468,828,104                 –                –                  –       A Share
  Management Company Limited

HKSCC                                         Others                2.83%     272,020,360      +35,494,368                 –                  –       A Share

China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.            Others                2.82%     271,089,843                 –                –                  –       A Share




                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
Shanghai International Group         State-owned legal person       1.66%     160,000,000                 –                –                  –       A Share

Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.        State-owned legal person       0.95%      91,868,387                 –                –                  –       A Share

Shanghai Jiushi (Group) Co., Ltd.    State-owned legal person       0.95%      90,949,460        +1,211,700                –                  –       A Share




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report       91
     Corporate governance
     Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile




                                                                                                            Increase or
                                                                                                                                 Number of       Number of
                                                                            Percentage                 decrease (+ or -)
                                                                                        Total number                            shares held shares subject        Type of
       Name of shareholders                        Nature of shareholders        of the                of shareholding
                                                                                        of shares held                          with selling   to pledge or       shares
                                                                          shareholding                       during the
                                                                                                                                 restriction lock-up period
                                                                                                       reporting period

       Description of the stock
         repurchase accounts of the               None.
         top 10 shareholders

       Description of the aforesaid
                                          Entrusted by its parent company, China Baowu Steel Group, Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd. exercises the voting rights
         shareholders' proxy voting
                                          corresponding to 68,818,407 ordinary shares (A share) of China Baowu Steel Group. Apart from this, the Company is not
         rights, entrusted voting rights,
                                          aware of any other proxy voting rights, entrusted voting rights, and waiver of voting rights of the aforesaid shareholder.
         and waiver of voting rights

                                                  HKSCC Nominees Limited and HKSCC are related, as the former is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the latter. Shanghai State-
       Description of related relations
                                                  Owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai International Group, they act in concert. As
         or concerted actions among
                                                  was confirmed by relevant shareholders regarding the Company’s inquiry, the Company is not aware of any other related
         the aforesaid shareholders
                                                  relations or concerted actions among the above-mentioned shareholders.

       Description of securities margin
                                                  As at the beginning of the reporting period, the number of shares held by Shanghai Jiushi (Group) Co., Ltd. was 89,737,760,
         trading and refinancing
                                                  a shareholding percentage of 0.93%, and the number of shares lent and yet to be returned by Shanghai Jiushi was
         business by top 10 shareholders
                                                  1,211,700, representing 0.01% of the total share capital of the Company. As at the end of the reporting period, all the
         and top 10 shareholders
                                                  shares lent by Shanghai Jiushi (Group) Co., Ltd. had been returned.
         without selling restrictions.


      Notes:
      1. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company did not issue any preferred shares.
      2. The shareholding of the top 10 shareholders is based on the lists of registered shareholders provided by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
         Limited Shanghai Branch (A share) and Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (H share) respectively. The nature of A shareholders is the same as the
         nature of their accounts registered with China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch.
      3. The shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of its clients. As SEHK does not require such shareholders to disclose to HKSCC Nominees Limited
         whether the shares held by them are subject to pledge or lock-up period, HKSCC Nominees Limited is unable to calculate, or make available such data. Pursuant
         to Part XV of the SFO, a Substantial Shareholder is required to give notice to SEHK and the Company on the occurrence of certain events including a change in
         the nature of its interest in shares such as the pledging of its shares. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company is not aware of any such notices from
         Substantial Shareholders under Part XV of the SFO.
      4. HKSCC is the nominal holder of shares traded through Shanghai-Hong Kong Connect Programme.




92    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Corporate governance
                                                                                        Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile




(II) Controlling shareholders or de facto controllers
The ownership structure of the Company is diversified. The ultimate controllers of the Company’s major shareholders do not
exercise control over the Company and the Company has no controlling shareholder, nor de facto controllers.




                                                                                                                                                      Operating results
(III) Particulars of shareholders with a shareholding percentage higher
than 5%
As at the end of the reporting period, the following are the shareholders with a shareholding percentage higher than 5%:


1. Shenergy (Group) Co., Ltd.
Shenergy Group Co., Ltd. was established on 18 November 1996 with a registered capital of RMB28 billion. Its legal
representative is HUANG Dinan. Its main businesses include investment in development and management of electricity
and energy industries, investment in natural gas resources, investment in urban gas pipeline networks, investment and
management of high-tech industries, real industry investment, asset operation, and domestic trade (excluding special




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
provisions).


2. Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd.
Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd. was established on 21 November 1994 and has a registered capital of RMB9.369 billion, with
HU Aimin as its legal representative. Its main businesses include investment and investment management in the metallurgy
industry and relevant industries, investment consulting, business consulting service (excluding brokerage) and property title
brokerage. Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of China Baowu Steel Group Corporation.




                                                                                                                                                      Other information




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report       93
     Corporate governance
     Changes in the share capital and shareholders’ profile




      3. Shanghai State-Owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd.
      Shanghai State-Owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd. was established on 24 September 1999 with a registered capital of RMB5.5
      billion. Its legal representative is GUAN Wei. Its main businesses include entrepreneurial investments, capital operations,
      acquisition, enhancement and transfer of assets, enterprise and asset custody, debt restructuring, property title brokerage,
      real estate agency, financial consultancy, investment consultancy, and consulting services related to its scope of businesses,
      as well as the provision of guarantee related to its asset management and capital operation businesses.

      The following chart sets forth the connection between the Company and the ultimate controllers of our shareholders holding
      more than 5% of the Company's shares as at the end of the reporting period:


                                    China State-owned Assets               Shanghai State-owned                   Shanghai State-owned
                                    Supervision and Admin.                 Assets Supervision                     Assets Supervision
                                    Commission                             and Admin. Commission                  and Admin. Commission


                                                     note 1                                                          note 2

                                        China Baowu Steel                                                          Shanghai State-Owned
                                        Group Corporation                    Shenergy (Group)                      Assets Operation
                                        and its related                      Co., Ltd.                             Co., Ltd., and its
                                        parties                                                                    related parties




                                              14.06%                             14.05%                                   8.35%




                                                               China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.


      Notes:
      1. China Baowu Steel Group Corporation and its subsidiary, Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd., hold in aggregate 1,353,096,253 A Shares in the Company, representing
         14.06% of the entire share capital of the Company.
      2. Shanghai State-Owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary, Shanghai Guoxin Investment and Development Co., Ltd., both under control of Shanghai
         International Group Co., Ltd., hold in aggregate 802,954,107 A Shares in the Company, representing 8.35% of the entire share capital of the Company.




94    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Directors, supervisors, senior
management and employees
     Corporate governance
     Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




     1
      Directors, supervisors and senior management
      (I) Summary
                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB10,000

                                                                                                                                   Total Remuneration payable
                    Name                                     Position                Gender   Date of birth   Term of office    from the Company (before tax)
                                                                                                                                   during the reporting period

       Incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

                                                             Chairman                                         Since Jan. 2024
                    FU Fan                                                             M        Oct. 1964                                    122.2
                                                         Executive director                                   Since Jun. 2020

                                                         Executive director                                   Since Apr. 2024
              ZHAO Yonggang                                                            M       Nov. 1972                                     138.1
                                                             President                                        Since Jan. 2024

                                                  Non-executive director and vice
                HUANG Dinan                                                            M        Dec. 1966     Since Jun. 2019               Note 7
                                                            chairman

                 WANG Tayu                            Non-executive director           M        Oct. 1970     Since Jun. 2017                 30

                  CHEN Ran                            Non-executive director           M        Jan. 1984     Since Jan. 2021                 30

               ZHOU Donghui                           Non-executive director           M        Apr. 1969     Since Jan. 2021               Note 7

                 XIE Weiqing                          Non-executive director           M        Jul. 1979     Since Sept.2024               Note 7

                 LU Qiaoling                          Non-executive director           F        Mar. 1966     Since Mar. 2021                 30

               CAI Qiang, John                        Non-executive director           M        Jul. 1967     Since Sept.2024                 7.5

             John Robert DACEY                        Non-executive director           M       May. 1960      Since Mar. 2021               Note 7

                 LIU Xiaodan                 Independent non-executive director        F        Jun. 1972     Since Jan. 2021                 35

          LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth            Independent non-executive director        F        Oct. 1964     Since Jul. 2019                 35

            LO Yuen Man, Elaine              Independent non-executive Director        F        Jan. 1954     Since Jul. 2023                 30

             CHIN Hung I, David              Independent non-executive Director        M        Jun. 1968     Since Feb. 2024                 25

                JIANG Xuping                 Independent non-executive director        M       May. 1955      Since Aug. 2019                 35

                                                  Chairman of board of supervisors
               ZHU Yonghong                        and shareholder representative      M        Jan. 1969     Since Jul. 2018               Note 7
                                                             supervisor

                                             Employee representative supervisor                               Since Sept.2024
                 ZHOU Liyun                        Vice chairman of the board of       F       Sept. 1974                                    37.9
                                                                                                              Since Oct. 2024
                                                            supervisors

               DONG Zhiqiang                Shareholder representative supervisor      M        Jun. 1985     Since Sept.2024               Note 7




96    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
                                                                                          Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB10,000

                                                                                                                  Total Remuneration payable
     Name                            Position                  Gender   Date of birth      Term of office      from the Company (before tax)
                                                                                                                  during the reporting period




                                                                                                                                                         Operating results
   GU Qiang             Employee representative supervisor       M        Jan. 1967       Since Jan. 2021                   237.3

     YU Bin                        Vice president                M       Aug. 1969        Since Oct. 2018                   126.9

    MA Xin                         Vice president                M        Apr. 1973       Since Dec. 2018                   127.9

                                   Vice president                                         Since Jan. 2025

    SU Gang                   Chief investment officer           M       Sept.1973        Since Jan. 2022                   194.8

                            Finance responsible person                                    Since Jan. 2025

ZHANG Yuanhan                      Chief actuary                 M       Nov. 1967        Since Jan. 2013                   257.5

                                  General counsel                                         Since Oct. 2018

ZHANG Weidong                  Chief internal auditor            M        Oct. 1970       Since Aug. 2024                   153.6

                         Internal audit responsible person                                Since Jan. 2025




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate governance
                          Compliance responsible person                                   Since Nov. 2024
   CHEN Wei                                                      M        Apr. 1967                                         165.9
                                  Chief risk officer                                      Since Aug. 2024

   SU Shaojun                     Board secretary                M        Feb. 1968       Since Mar.2021                    147.8

 ZHANG Yuhua               Market development director           M       Nov. 1967        Since Jul. 2023                   172.1

Departed Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

 KONG Qingwei            Chairman and executive director         M        Jun. 1960     Jun. 2017-Jan. 2024                 10.2

     FU Fan                          President                   M        Oct. 1964     Mar.2020-Jan. 2024           As abovementioned

   WU Junhao                  Non-executive director             M        Jun. 1965     Jul. 2012-Feb. 2024                Note 7

 CHEN Jizhong           Independent non-executive director       M        Apr. 1956     Jul. 2019-Feb.2024                 Note 7

                        Employee representative supervisor                              Apr. 2019-Feb. 2024
  JI Zhengrong             Vice chairman of the board of         M        Dec. 1963                                          19
                                                                                        Aug. 2019-Feb. 2024
                                    supervisors




                                                                                                                                                         Other information
    LU Ning            Shareholder representative supervisor     M       Sept. 1968     Jul. 2018-Sept. 2024               Note 7

ZHANG Yuanhan               Finance responsible person           M       Nov. 1967      Jun. 2019-Oct. 2024

                          Compliance responsible person                                 Jun. 2016-Aug.2024
ZHANG Weidong                                                    M        Oct. 1970                                  As abovementioned
                                  Chief risk officer                                    Apr. 2024-Aug. 2024

   CHEN Wei                 Chief administrative officer         M        Apr. 1967     Nov. 2021-Aug 2024

                               Chief internal auditor                                   Jul. 2022-Aug 2024
 ZHOU Xiaonan                                                    M        Apr. 1966                                          112
                        Internal auditing responsible person                            Oct. 2022-Aug 2024

                            Director of Greater Bay Area
 SHENG Yafeng                                                    M        Jul. 1965     May. 2021-Jan. 2024                   –
                                   development

     Total                                                                                                                 2,280.7




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report    97
     Corporate governance
     Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




      Notes:
      1.   Total remuneration payable (before tax) listed in this table includes basic salaries, bonuses, allowances, subsidies, employee welfare and various insurance
           premiums, provident funds, annuities, and other forms of remuneration received from the Company payable in 2024. According to Provisional Guidelines
           on Compensation Management of Insurance Companies (Bao Jian Fa (2012) No. 63) and relevant policies and rules of the Company, performance-related
           remuneration of the Company’s senior management takes the form of deferred payment, which is included in total remuneration payable (before tax) listed in this
           table.
      2.   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company held the first meeting of 2025 on 25 March 2025, deliberated and
           passed the Proposal on the Results of the 2024 Annual Performance Appraisal, and submitted it to the second meeting of the 10th Board of Directors of the
           Company for consideration on 26 March 2025.
      3.   The directors of the Company recused themselves from the discussion of their remuneration at the board meeting.
      4.   Each director and supervisor of the Company is appointed for a term of 3 years and is eligible for re-election and re-appointment. Each independent non-executive
           director is not allowed to serve a consecutive term of more than 6 years.
      5.   According to relevant policies, the final amounts of remunerations of the executive director, vice chairman of the board of supervisors, and senior management
           are yet to be reviewed and approved. The final remuneration will be disclosed when confirmed. In accordance with the requirements of relevant policies, and
           after assessment and confirmation by the competent authorities, the supplemental disclosure of the remuneration of the some of the above personnel during the
           relevant tenure in the Company in 2023, excluding the amount disclosed in 2023 annual report, is as follows: Mr. KONG Qingwei RMB796,000.
      6.   The compensation for the Company’s directors, supervisors and senior management was calculated based on their actual term of office during the reporting
           period.
      7.   Mr. HUANG Dinan, Mr. ZHOU Donghui, Mr. XIE Weiqing, Mr. John Robert DACEY, Mr. ZHU Yonghong, Mr. DONG Zhiqiang, Mr. WU Junhao and Mr. LU Ning do not
           take any allowances from the Company. Mr. CHEN Jizhong does not take any allowances from the Company for the time being.
      8.   During the reporting period, Mr. HUANG Dinan received remuneration from Shenergy (Group) Co., Ltd.; Mr. WANG Tayu received remuneration from Shanghai
           International Group Co., Ltd.; Mr. CHEN Ran received remuneration from Baowu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.; Mr. ZHOU Donghui received remuneration from
           Shanghai Tobacco Group Company Limited; Mr. XIE Weiqing received remuneration from Shenergy Group Business Services Co., Ltd., and Shenergy (Group)
           Co., Ltd.; Ms. LU Qiaoling received remuneration from China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited; Mr. John Robert DACEY received remuneration from
           Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd; Ms. LIU Xiaodan received remuneration from Chenyi Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd.; Mr. ZHU Yonghong received remuneration
           from China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited.; Mr. DONG Zhiqiang received remuneration from Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.; Mr. WU Junhao received
           remuneration from Shenergy Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.; and Mr. LU Ning received remuneration from Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.
      9.   In December 2023, the Company held the 29th session of the 9th Board of Directors, at which the Resolution in relation to the Election of Mr. FU Fan as Chairman
           of the 9th Board of Directors of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. was considered and passed. In accordance with relevant regulatory provisions, the
           qualification of Mr. FU Fan as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company shall take effect upon the approval by the NFRA, and Mr. KONG Qingwei will
           continue to perform the duties of chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company until the qualification of Mr. Fu Fan is approved by the NFRA. In January
           2024, Mr FU Fan’s qualification to serve as Chairman of the Company was approved by the NFRA, and on the same day, Mr KONG Qingwei ceased to serve as
           Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Director, and Mr. FU Fan ceased to serve as President of the Company.




98    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
                                                                                                                Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




10. In January 2024, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang’s qualification to serve as President of the Company was approved by the NFRA. In February 2024, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang was
    elected at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024 as Executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company. In April 2024, the appointment
    qualification of Mr. ZHAO Yonggang to serve as Director of the Company was approved by the NFRA.
11. In October 2023, Mr. CHEN Jizhong resigned from his position as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company due to personal reasons. In view of the
    fact that Mr. CHEN’s resignation would result in the number of independent directors of the Company falling below the number required by relevant regulatory




                                                                                                                                                                               Operating results
    requirements and the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. CHEN Jizhong continued to perform his duties until the qualification of the new independent
    director is approved by the NFRA. In February 2024, the qualification of Mr. CHIN Hung I, David to serve as Independent Director of the Company was approved by
    the NFRA. Mr. CHIN succeeded Mr. CHEN Jizhong as Independent Non-executive Director of the 9th Board of Directors the Company. On the same day, Mr. CHEN
    Jizhong ceased to serve as Director of the Company.
12. In February 2024, Mr. WU Junhao ceased to serve as a Non-executive Director of the Company due to expiration of his term of office.
13. In June 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing and Mr. CAI Qiang, John were elected at the 2023 AGM as Non-executive Directors of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company. In
    September 2024, the appointment qualifications of Mr. XIE and Mr. CAI to serve as Non-executive Directors of the Company were approved by the NFRA.
14. In August 2024, Ms. LIU Xiaodan resigned from her position as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company due to her work arrangement. Since the
    resignation of Ms. LIU will result in the number of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company falling below the relevant regulatory requirements and
    the requirements of the Articles of Association, Ms. LIU will continue to perform her duties until the appointment qualifications of the new independent non-
    executive director are approved by NFRA.
15. In February 2024, Mr. JI Zhengrong ceased to serve as vice chairman of the Board of Supervisors and Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company due to
    his age. In September 2024, the appointment qualification of Ms. ZHOU Liyun and Mr. DONG Zhiqiang to serve as Supervisor of the Company was approved by the
    NFRA. In October 2024, the Company held the 1st session of the 10th Board of Supervisors, at which the Resolution in relation to the Election of Ms. ZHOU Liyun as
    vice chairman of the 10th Board of Supervisors of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. was considered and passed.




                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance
16. In September 2024, Mr. LU Ning ceased to serve as Shareholder Representative Supervisor of the Company due to expiration of his term of office.
17. In January 2024, due to job transfer, Mr. SHENG Yafeng ceased to serve as Director of Greater Bay Area Development of the Company. During the reporting
    period, he worked at the industry Risk Handling Task Force, and his remuneration was accordingly funded by the take-over and administration fees. In August
    2024, due to work changes, Mr. ZHANG Weidong ceased to serve as Compliance Responsible Person and Chief Risk Officer of the Company, Mr. CHEN Wei ceased
    to serve as Chief Administrative Officer of the Company, and Mr. ZHOU Xiaonan ceased to serve as Chief Internal Auditor and Internal Audit Responsible Person
    of the Company. In October 2024, due to work changes, Mr. ZHANG Yuanhan ceased to serve as Finance Responsible Person of the Company. In November
    2024, the appointment qualification of Mr. CHEN Wei to serve as Compliance Responsible Person of the Company was approved by the NFRA. In January 2025,
    the appointment qualification of Mr. SU Gang to serve as vice president and Finance Responsible Person of the Company was approved by the NFRA, and the
    appointment qualification of Mr. ZHANG Weidong to serve as Internal Audit Responsible Person of the Company was approved by the NFRA.




                                                                                                                                                                               Other information




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report     99
      Corporate governance
      Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




       (II) Shareholdings
                                                                                                                                                                Unit: share


                                                                Shareholding at        Increase in    Decrease in
                                                                                                                    Shareholding at
                                                    Type of      the beginning      shareholding     shareholding                                       Reason for the
        Name                        Position                                                                         the end of the
                                                    shares      of the reporting       during the       during the                                            change
                                                                                                                   reporting period
                                                                          period reporting period reporting period

                                   Chairman,
                                                                                                                                                     Secondary market
        FU Fan                     executive        H share          175,000               35,400                  –                210,400
                                                                                                                                                        transaction
                                    director

                                   Executive
        ZHAO Yonggang               director,       A share           12,900                  –                    –                 12,900                    –
                                   President

                                Non-executive                                                                                                        Secondary market
        CAI Qiang, John                             H Share          500,500                  –                500,500                  –
                                  director                                                                                                              transaction

                                                    A share            5,900                  –                    –                  5,900                    –
        YU Bin                  Vice president                                                                                                       Secondary market
                                                    H share          125,800               44,000                  –                169,800
                                                                                                                                                        transaction

                                                    A share           15,000                  –                    –                 15,000                    –
        MA Xin                  Vice president                                                                                                       Secondary market
                                                    H share          100,000               42,000                  –                142,000
                                                                                                                                                        transaction

        Departed Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

                                                                                                                                                     Secondary market
                                   Chairman,        A share           28,800                  –                 28,800                  –
                                                                                                                                                        transaction
        KONG Qingwei               executive
                                    director                                                                                                         Secondary market
                                                    H share           21,800                  –                 21,800                  –
                                                                                                                                                        transaction

                                  Director of
        SHENG Yafeng           Greater Bay Area     A share           10,800                  –                    –                 10,800                    –
                                Development

       Notes:
       1. In January 2024, Mr. FU Fan’s qualification to serve as Chairman of the board of the Company was approved by the NFRA, and on the same day, Mr. FU Fan ceased to
          serve as President of the Company.
       2. Following his appointment at the 29th session of the 9th Board of Directors of the Company and the approval by the NFRA, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang formally assumed
          his duties as president of the Company in January 2024. Following his election at the first extraordinary general meeting of the Company in 2024 and the approval
          by the NFRA, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang formally assumed his duties as executive director of the Company in April 2024.
       3. Following his appointment at the 2023 AGM of the Company and the approval by the NFRA, Mr. CAI Qiang, John formally assumed his duties in September 2024.
       4. In January 2024, due to his age, Mr. KONG Qingwei ceased to serve as Chairman and Executive Director of the Board of Directors of the Company. In January 2024,
          due to job changes, Mr. SHENG Yafeng ceased to serve as Director of Greater Bay Area Development of the Company.
       5. To the best of the Company’s knowledge and belief, all changes in shareholdings as set out in the above table are in full compliance with the regulatory
          requirements of the stock exchange on which the Company’s securities are listed.




100    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Corporate governance
                                                                                             Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




(III) Professional background and biographies

1. Directors



                                                                                                                                                             Operating results
The biographies of the incumbent directors of the Company are as follows:




                   Mr. FU Fan currently serves as chairman and executive director of the Company. Previously, Mr. FU served as
                   deputy general manager of Shanghai Investment Corporation, deputy general manager of China International Fund
                   Management Co., Ltd., general manager and vice chairman of Shanghai International Trust Co., Ltd., chairman of
                   Shanghai State-owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd., director and general manager of Shanghai International Group Co.,
                   Ltd., president of the Company, and director of CPIC AMC. Mr. FU holds a master’s degree.




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
                   Mr. ZHAO Yonggang currently serves as executive director and president of the Company, chairman of CPIC Life. Mr.
                   ZHAO served as director of the Strategic Transformation Office of CPIC Life, general manager of Heilongjiang Branch
                   and Henan Branch, and human resources director of CPIC Life, vice president of the Company, and vice chairman of the
                   board of supervisors and director of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd.. Mr. ZHAO holds a bachelor’s degree.




                   Mr. HUANG Dinan currently serves as vice chairman and non-executive director of the Company, and chairman of
                   Shenergy Group Co., Ltd. Previously, Mr. HUANG was consecutively research fellow, deputy head of the No.3 Research
                   Team, assistant director and vice director of the Research Institute of Shanghai Turbine Plant; assistant general manager,
                   deputy general manager and general manager of Shanghai Turbine Plant; assistant president, head of the President’s




                                                                                                                                                             Other information
                   Office, vice president and president of Shanghai Turbine Company Limited; vice president, president, and vice chairman
                   of Shanghai Electric (Group) Corporation; president, vice chairman and chairman of Shanghai Electric Group Company
                   Limited, a company listed on SSE and SEHK (SSE stock code: 601727, SEHK stock code: 02727), president of China Society
                   of Power Engineering, and president of Shanghai Society for Electrical Engineering. Mr. HUANG holds a master’s degree
                   and a title of Senior Engineer (professor level).




                   Mr. WANG Tayu currently serves as non-executive director of the Company, investment director of Shanghai
                   International Group Co., Ltd., chairman of Shanghai International Group Asset Management Co., Ltd., chairman of GP
                   Capital, chairman of Shanghai Guohe Modern Service Industry Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd., chairman
                   of Shanghai Guofang Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd.. Previously, Mr. WANG served as assistant president
                   and vice president of Shanghai State-owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd., chairman of Shanghai Guoxin Investment and
                   Development Co., Ltd., vice chairman of Shanghai Guotai Junan Investment Management Co., Ltd., director of Shanghai
                   Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd., director and general manager of Shanghai Xieyi Asset Management Co., Ltd., director
                   of Shanghai Data Exchange Co., Ltd., director of AVIC Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., and director of J-Yuan Trust Co.,




                                                                                                                                                             Financial report
                   Ltd., and director of Shanghai Fintech Co., Ltd.. Mr. WANG has a master’s degree.




                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report     101
      Corporate governance
      Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




                                    Mr. CHEN Ran currently serves as non-executive director of the Company, senior deputy general manager of Baowu
                                    Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd. Mr. CHEN previously served as vice president of Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd., chairman,
                                    director, president and deputy general manager of Shanghai Ouyeel Financial Information Service Co., Ltd., director of
                                    China United SME Guarantee Corporation, executive director of Easternpay Information & Technology Co., Ltd., chairman
                                    of Shanghai Ouyeel Pawn Co., Ltd., sales representative, sales manager of the First Marketing Department of Shanghai
                                    Baosteel Trading Co. Ltd, Leadership Development Manager of Human Resources Department and senior secretary of
                                    the Administration Office of China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited. Mr. CHEN holds a bachelor’s degree.




                                    Mr. ZHOU Donghui currently serves as non-executive director of the Company, director of the Division of Internal
                                    Monopoly Management and Supervision of Shanghai Tobacco Monopoly Administration, vice chairman and director
                                    of Shanghai Jieqiang Tobacco Sugar & Liquor (Group) Chain Co., Ltd., vice chairman and director of Shanghai Deqiang
                                    Industrial Co., Ltd., and supervisor of China Aviation Development Commercial Aviation Engine Co., Ltd. Previously, Mr.
                                    ZHOU was deputy manager and manager of the Financial Department of Shanghai Import and Export of China Tobacco
                                    Co., Ltd., deputy director of the Investment Management Department of Shanghai Tobacco Group Co., Ltd., deputy
                                    director of the Financial Department, deputy head of the Fund Management Centre, deputy director and director of the
                                    Investment Management Department of Shanghai Tobacco Group Co., Ltd., deputy general manager, executive deputy
                                    general manager and general manager of Shanghai Haiyan Investment Management Co., Ltd., and non-executive
                                    director of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd., and non-executive director of Orient Securities Company Limited listed on
                                    both SSE and SEHK (SSE stock code: 600958, SEHK stock code: 03958). Mr. ZHOU holds a bachelor’s degree and the
                                    designation of Senior Accountant.




                                    Mr. XIE Weiqing is currently a non-executive director of the Company, director of CPIC Life, general manager of the
                                    Finance Department of Shenergy (Group) Co., Ltd., executive director of Shenergy Business Services Co., Ltd., director
                                    of Shenergy Co., Ltd., a company listed on SSE (stock code: 600642), supervisor of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd. and non-
                                    executive director of Orient Securities Company Limited, a company listed on both SSE and SEHK (SSE stock code:
                                    600958, SEHK stock code: 03958). He previously served as financial supervisor of the Finance Department at Shanghai
                                    Maglev Transport Development Co., Ltd., deputy head, head, and deputy manager of the Finance Department of
                                    Shenergy (Group) Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of Shenergy Finance Co., Ltd., and general manager of Shenergy
                                    Business Services Co., Ltd. Mr. Xie holds a master’s degree and the designation of Senior Accountant (professor-level).




                                    Ms. LU Qiaoling currently serves as non-executive director of the Company, general manager of the Industry and
                                    Finance Development Centre and the Capital Operation Department of China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited,
                                    director of Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd., director of Hwabao (Shanghai) Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.,
                                    and supervisor of Xinyu Iron & Steel Group Co., Ltd.. Previously, Ms. LU was chief accountant of Hebei Petrochemical
                                    Supply and Marketing Corporation, deputy director of the Industry Guidance Department and deputy director of the
                                    Administration Office of the Audit Bureau of the Ministry of Chemical Industry, assistant inspector of the State Council’s
                                    Audit Commissioner, and full-time supervisor for state-owned medium – and large-sized enterprises under the CPC
                                    Central Enterprise Working Committee, deputy director and director of the Internal Audit Department of Baosteel
                                    Group Co., Ltd., director of the Internal Audit Department of Baoshan Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., deputy general manager
                                    of Baosteel Engineering Technology Group Co., Ltd., director of Baosteel Group Finance Co., Ltd., director of Baowu
                                    Group Zhongnan Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., head of the Internal Audit Department and general manager of the Finance
                                    Department of China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited. Ms. LU holds a master’s degree, and has the designations
                                    of senior accountant, certified public accountant, and auditor.




102    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Corporate governance
                                                                           Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




Mr. CAI Qiang, John, currently is a non-executive director of the Company. His previous roles include general manager
and CEO of Individual Insurance at AXA (Hong Kong), CEO of AIA China, Regional CEO of AIA Group, vice chairman and
president of WeDoctor Group, general manager (CEO) and director of CPIC Life, director of China Pacific Life Insurance
(Hong Kong) Co., Ltd., and director of LL Global. Mr. CAI holds a bachelor’s degree and the professional qualifications of




                                                                                                                                           Operating results
Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU), Chartered Financial Consultant (ChFC), and Certified Financial Planner (CFP).




Mr. John Robert DACEY, an American citizen, currently serves as non-executive director of the Company, and chief
financial officer, a member of the Executive Committee of Swiss Re, and directors of FWD Group Holdings Ltd and
FWD Management Holdings. Mr. DACEY was a consulting partner of McKinsey & Company, chief strategy officer and a
member of the Executive Committee of Winterthur Insurance as well as vice chairman and a member of the Executive
Committee of the Asia-Pacific Regional Office of AXA and chief executive officer of AXA Japan and Asia-Pacific Regional
Headquarters. Mr. DACEY also served as a non-executive director of New China Life Insurance Company Limited (SSE
stock code: 601336, SEHK stock code: 01336), director of FWD Group Ltd and FWD Ltd. Mr. DACEY holds a master’s
degree.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
Ms. LIU Xiaodan currently serves as independent non-executive director of the Company, general manager of Chenyi
Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and chairman of Chenyi Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Previously, Ms. LIU was
president and chairman of Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. and chairman of Asset Mark Financial Holdings, Inc., a
company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: AMK). Previously, Ms. LIU worked at Peking University. She
also served as a member of the 4th and 5th Committees for Mergers, Acquisitions, and Restructuring of China Securities
Regulatory Commission. Ms. LIU holds a master’s degree.




Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth, currently serves as independent non-executive director of the Company, independent non-




                                                                                                                                           Other information
executive director of Fobon Bank (Hong Kong), and director and honorary treasurer of HK Agency for Volunteer Service.
Previously, Ms. LAM served as consultant and partner of Ernst & Young. Ms. LAM holds a bachelor’s degree in business
administration and a master’s degree in accounting and is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.




Ms. LO Yuen Man, Elaine, currently serves as independent non-executive director of the Company, and chief managing
partner of Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP in Hong Kong. She also serves as non-executive director of Urban Renewal
Authority in Hong Kong and chairman of its Land, Rehousing and Compensation Committee. Ms. LO served as chief
managing partner of Mayer Brown in Hong Kong and chairman of the board of directors in Asia region, independent
non-executive director of HSBC Provident Fund Trustee (Hong Kong) Limited and chairman of its Audit and Risk
Committee. Ms. LO has been appointed by the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region several
times as a member to a number of advisory committees and statutory bodies, including the Advisory Committee on




                                                                                                                                           Financial report
Post-Office Employment for Former Chief Executives and Politically Appointed Officials of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region, the Executive Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Independent
Commission on Remuneration for Members of the Legislative Council and Officials under the Political Appointment
System, the Independent Commission on Remuneration for Members of the District Councils of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region, the Standing Commission on Civil Service Salaries and Conditions of Service of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region, the Hong Kong Women’s Commission, the Working Group on Professional Services of
the Hong Kong Economic Development Board. Ms. LO was awarded the Order of Merit by the Government of the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region in July 2021. Ms. LO holds a university degree in law, a Bachelor of Laws degree
with Honours, and is qualified to practise as a solicitor in Hong Kong, the United Kingdom, Australia and Singapore. She
is also a China-appointed notary public appointed by the Ministry of Justice of the People’s Republic of China.




                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report     103
      Corporate governance
      Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




                                    Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, currently serves as independent non-executive director of the Company. He previously held
                                    positions as head of UBS AG Investment Bank Asia Pacific and the China Country Head of UBS AG, as well as head of
                                    Investment Banking Division of UBS AG Asia. Mr. CHIN also served as a non-executive director of Postal Savings Bank
                                    of China Co., Ltd., a company listed on SSE and HKSE (SSE Stock Code: 601658, HKSE Stock Code: 01658). Prior to that,
                                    Mr. Chin served at S.G. Warburg and Price Waterhouse London office. Mr. CHIN holds the qualification of chartered
                                    accountant in the UK. Mr. CHIN graduated from the University of Cambridge with a Master of Arts degree.




                                    Mr. JIANG Xuping currently serves as independent non-executive director of the Company, professor with the
                                    Department of Marketing of the School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University, research fellow at the
                                    Research Centre for Contemporary Management, Tsinghua University, and research fellow at the Centre for Corporate
                                    Governance of Tsinghua University. Mr. JIANG also serves pro bono as dean of the School of Internet Marketing and
                                    Management of Guizhou Forerunner College. Previously, Mr. JIANG served as lecturer, associate professor, professor
                                    of the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University. Mr. JIANG holds a master’s degree and the
                                    designation of professor.




       2. Supervisors
       The biographies of the incumbent supervisors of the Company are as follows:



                                    Mr. ZHU Yonghong currently serves as chairman of the board of supervisors of the Company, chief accountant of
                                    China State Shipbuilding Corporation Limited. Mr. ZHU also is board secretary of China Baowu Steel Group Corporation
                                    Limited, chairman of Baowu Group Finance Co., Ltd., and chairman of the board of supervisors of Baoshan Iron and
                                    Steel Co., Ltd., a company listed on SSE (stock code: 600019). Mr. ZHU previously worked as chairman of Wuhan Iron and
                                    Steel (Group) Finance Co., Ltd., CFO and head of the Planning and Finance Department, deputy chief accountant and
                                    chief accountant of Wuhan Iron and Steel (Group) Company, director of Wuhan Iron and Steel Company Limited, vice
                                    chairman of Hebi Fuyuan Refined Coal Co., Ltd., director of Hankou Banking Co., Ltd., director of Beibu Gulf Property &
                                    Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd., chairman of the board of supervisors of Changjiang Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.,
                                    director of Hubei United Development & Investment Co., Ltd, chairman of Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd., chairman of Hwabao
                                    Investment Co., Ltd., chairman of Wuhan Iron and Steel (Group) Kunming Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., chairman of Hwabao
                                    WP Fund Management Co., Ltd., director of Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd, and chief accountant of China Baowu Steel Group
                                    Corporation Limited. Mr. ZHU holds a PhD degree and the designation of senior accountant.




                                    Ms. ZHOU Liyun currently serves as vice chairman of the board of supervisors, employee representative supervisor and
                                    chairman of the Labor Union of the Company. She previously held positions such as deputy director of the Shanghai
                                    Talent Service Center, general manager of the Organization and Human Resources Department of Shanghai Urban
                                    Construction Investment and Development (Group) Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of Shanghai Chengtou Water
                                    (Group) Co., Ltd., and vice president of Shanghai Chengtou (Group) Co., Ltd. Ms. Zhou holds a master’s degree.




104    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
                                                                                           Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




                   Mr. DONG Zhiqiang is currently a shareholder representative supervisor of the Company and deputy general manager
                   of Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd. He currently also serves as director of Yunnan Honghe Investment Co., Ltd. His prior
                   roles include senior assistant of the Financial Management Department of Yunnan Tobacco Industry Co., Ltd., head of
                   the Financial Management Department of Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd., senior staff member (level of section chief
                   and deputy section chief respectively) of the Financial Management Department of Yunnan Tobacco Industry Co., Ltd.,




                                                                                                                                                           Operating results
                   and chairman of the board of supervisors of Yunnan Fupai Industrial Co., Ltd. Mr. DONG holds a master’s degree and the
                   professional designation of Senior Accountant.




                   Mr. GU Qiang currently serves as employee representative supervisor and deputy chief internal auditor of the Company,
                   chairman of the board of supervisors of CPIC AMC, CPIC Health and Changjiang Pension, respectively. Mr. GU formerly
                   served as deputy chief accountant, CFO, finance responsible person and deputy general manager of CPIC P/C, director
                   of CPIC AMC, director of CPIC HK, director, vice president and CFO of CPIC Anxin Agricultural. Prior to joining the
                   Company, Mr. GU was a lecturer at the Department of Finance and Insurance of Shanghai University of Finance and
                   Economics, senior auditor of Pricewaterhouse Da Hua Certified Public Accountants, deputy manager of Integrated
                   Planning Department and manager of the International Business Department of Wanguo Securities Co., Ltd., vice
                   president and CFO of Shanghai Branch of American International Underwriters. Mr.GU holds a master’s degree and the
                   title of Senior Accountant.




3. Senior management                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance

Mr. FU Fan currently serves as chairman and executive director of the Company. Please refer to the Section “1. Directors”
above for details of his biography.

Mr. ZHAO Yonggang currently serves as executive director and president of the Company. Please refer to the Section “1.
Directors” above for details of his biography.

The biographies of the rest of the senior management of the Company are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                           Other information
                   Mr. YU Bin currently serves as vice president of the Company, chairman of CPIC Technology and director of CPIC P/
                   C. Mr. YU previously served consecutively as deputy general manager of the Non-marine Insurance Department and
                   Underwriting & Claims Department of CPIC P/C, general manager of the Market R&D Centre and the Market Department
                   of CPIC P/C, chief marketing officer and deputy general manager of CPIC P/C, executive director and general manager of
                   CPIC Online Services, and assistant president of the Company. Mr. YU has a master’s degree.




                   Mr. MA Xin currently serves as vice president of the Company, chairman of CPIC Health, and director of CPIC Life.
                   Mr. MA previously worked as general manager of CPIC Life Shaanxi Branch, director of the Strategic Transformation
                   Office, general manager of Strategic Planning Department, director on transformation matters, board secretary of the




                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                   Company, and director of CPIC P/C and Changjiang Pension respectively. Mr. MA has a master’s degree.




                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report     105
      Corporate governance
      Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




                                    Mr. SU Gang currently serves as vice president, chief investment officer and finance responsible person of the Company,
                                    chairman of CPIC Capital, and director of CPIC AMC and Changjiang Pension. Previously, Mr. SU served as head of
                                    the Investor Relations Department of the Company, head of project investments, deputy general manager & general
                                    manager of the Alternative Investment Management Centre of CPIC AMC, deputy general manager of CPIC Life, general
                                    manager and chairman of Changjiang Pension. Before joining the Company, Mr. SU served as general manager of the
                                    Fixed Income Headquarters and deputy general manager of the Investment Banking Headquarters of Shenyin Wanguo
                                    Securities Company. Mr. SU holds a PhD degree.




                                    Mr. ZHANG Yuanhan is chief actuary of the Company, and director of CPIC P/C and CPIC Health respectively. Mr. ZHANG
                                    previously served as the chief actuary, deputy general manager and vice president of MetLife Insurance Company
                                    Limited, chief actuary of Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd., deputy general manager, CFO and chief actuary of Sun Life
                                    Everbright Life Insurance Co., Ltd., director of Sun Life Everbright Asset Management Co., Ltd., director of CPIC AMC,
                                    and chief actuary of CPIC Health, finance responsible person of the Company and director of CPIC Life. Mr. ZHANG has
                                    a master’s degree and is a director of China Association of Actuaries and a member of the Society of Actuaries and
                                    American Academy of Actuaries.




                                    Mr. ZHANG Weidong currently serves as chief internal auditor, internal audit responsible person and general counsel of
                                    the Company, chairman of the board of supervisors of CPIC P/C, and CPIC Life, and director of CPIC Health. Mr. ZHANG
                                    previously served as general manager of the Legal & Compliance Department, head of the Board Office of the Company,
                                    board secretary and director of CPIC P/C, board secretary and director of CPIC Life, director and board secretary of CPIC
                                    AMC, risk & compliance officer, general manager of the Risk Management Department, chief risk officer and compliance
                                    responsible person of the Company, director of Changjiang Pension. Mr. ZHANG holds a bachelor’s degree.




                                    Mr. CHEN Wei currently serves as compliance responsible person, chief risk officer of the Company, and directors of CPIC
                                    P/C and CPIC AMC. Previously, Mr. CHEN served as chief representative of the Company’s London Representative Office,
                                    director and general manager of CPIC HK, board secretary and general manager of the Strategic Planning Department
                                    of the Company, internal audit director, internal audit responsible person, chief internal auditor and chief administrative
                                    officer of the Company, board secretary of CPIC Life, chairman of the board of supervisors of CPIC AMC, and general
                                    manager and director of CPIC Health. Mr. CHEN holds a master’s degree and the title of senior engineer, and is a
                                    member of the ACII.




                                    Mr. SU Shaojun currently serves as board secretary of the Company, and director of CPIC P/C, CPIC Life respectively.
                                    Previously, he served as assistant general manager and deputy general manager of the Underwriting Department,
                                    deputy general manager and general manager of Beijing Branch, general manager of Development Planning
                                    Department, head of the Board Office, head of the Office of the Board of Supervisors, general manager of the
                                    Telemarketing Department of CPIC P/C, and head of the Strategic Research Department, deputy transformation director
                                    of the Company. Mr. SU holds a PhD degree and designation of senior engineer.




                                    Mr. ZHANG Yuhua currently serves as market development director of the Company. Previously, he served as deputy
                                    general manager of CPIC P/C Shenzhen Branch, general manager of CPIC P/C Sichuan Branch, deputy general manager
                                    and director of CPIC P/C. Prior to that, Mr. ZHANG worked at the Administration Department of the Hong Kong and
                                    Macao Affairs Office of the State Council, CPC Heze Municipal Party Committee, and the Heze Municipal Government.
                                    He received university education and holds a master’s degree.




106    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
                                                                                         Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




(IV) Positions in corporate shareholders
     Name                       Shareholder                                      Position held                                Term

  HUANG Dinan            Shenergy (Group) Co., Ltd.                               Chairman                                Since 2018




                                                                                                                                                         Operating results
    CHEN Ran            Hwabao Investment Co., Ltd.                             Vice president                             2021-2024

   XIE Weiqing           Shenergy (Group) Co., Ltd.               General manager of the Finance Department               Since 2024

                                                                  General manager of the Industry and Finance
   LU Qiaoling      China Baowu Steel Group Corporation            Development Centre, General manager of                 Since 2021
                                                                      the Capital Operation Department

                    China Baowu Steel Group Corporation                        Chief accountant                         2016-Mar. 2025
  ZHU Yonghong
                    China Baowu Steel Group Corporation                         Board secretary                           Since 2018

                                                                    Head of Finance Management Department                  2022-2024
 DONG Zhiqiang         Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Deputy general manager                         Since 2024




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate governance
(V) Positions in other entities
         Name                                 Other entities                              Position held                       Term

                               Shanghai International Group Co., Ltd.                 Investment director                 Since 2021

                          Shanghai International Group Asset Management
                                                                                           Chairman                       Since 2021
                                               Co., Ltd.

                                               GP Capital                                  Chairman                       Since 2021

                           Shanghai Guohe Modern Service Industry Equity
      WANG Tayu                                                                            Chairman                       Since 2021
                                  Investment Management Co., Ltd

                         Shanghai Guofang Private Equity Fund Management
                                                                                           Chairman                       Since 2021
                                              Co., Ltd.,

                                        J-Yuan Trust Co. Ltd.                                Director                      2022-2024

                                     Shanghai Fintech Co., Ltd.                              Director                      2021-2024




                                                                                                                                                         Other information
                          Baowu Intelligent Equipment Technology Co. Ltd.             Senior vice president               Since 2024

                            Shanghai Ouyeel Financial Information Service
                                                                                           Chairman                        2021-2024
                                               Co., Ltd.
       CHEN Ran
                            Shanghai Ouyeel Financial Information Service
                                                                                             Director                      2018-2024
                                               Co., Ltd.

                              China United SME Guarantee Corporation                         Director                      2018-2024

                                                                                      Director of Internal
                                Shanghai Tobacco Monopoly Bureau                      Monopoly Supervision                Since 2022
                                                                                          Department

                                 Orient Securities Company Limited                   Non-executive director                2020-2024

    ZHOU Donghui          Shanghai Jieqiang Tobacco Sugar & Liquor (Group)
                                                                                     Vice chairman, director              Since 2015
                                            Chain Co., Ltd.

                                Shanghai Deqiang Industrial Co., Ltd.                Vice chairman, director              Since 2015




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                          China Aviation Development Commercial Aviation
                                                                                           Supervisor                     Since 2015
                                           Engine Co., Ltd.

                                                                                       Executive director                 Since 2020
                             Shenergy Group Business Services Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        General manager                    2020-2024

      XIE Weiqing                    Shenergy Company Limited                                Director                     Since 2024

                                     Haitong Securities Co., Ltd.                          Supervisor                     Since 2024

                                 Orient Securities Company Limited                   Non-executive director               Since 2024




                                                                                                                            2024 Annual Report     107
      Corporate governance
      Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




                      Name                                           Other entities                      Position held                Term

                                                                 Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd.                     Director               Since 2021

                                                   Hwabao (Shanghai) Equity Investment Fund
                  LU Qiaoling                                                                               Director               Since 2021
                                                             Management Co., Ltd.

                                                         Xinyu Iron & Steel Group Co. Ltd.                Supervisor               Since 2023

                CAI Qiang, John                                        LL Global                            Director               2021-2024

                                                         Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd               Chief financial officer       Since 2018

                                                                                                   Member of the Executive
                                                         Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd                                             Since 2012
                                                                                                         Committee

             John Robert DACEY                                  FWD Group Holdings Ltd                      Director               Since 2022

                                                                    FWD Group Ltd                           Director               2022-2024

                                                                       FWD Ltd                              Director               2022-2024

                                                         FWD Management Holdings Ltd                        Director               Since 2024

                                                       Chenyi Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd.           General manager             Since 2019
                  LIU Xiaodan
                                                   Chenyi Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd.              Chairman                Since 2019

                                                         HK Agency for Volunteer Service          Director, Honorary Treasurer     Since 2012
           LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth                                                                Independent non-executive
                                                                Fobon Bank (Hong Kong)                                             Since 2021
                                                                                                           director

                                                                                                   Chief managing partner in
                                                            Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP                                               Since 2018
                                                                                                           Hong Kong

                                                                                                    Non-executive director
             LO Yuen Man, Elaine                                                                     and chairman of Land,
                                                       Hong Kong Urban Renewal Authority                Rehousing and              Since 2019
                                                                                                        Compensation
                                                                                                          Committee

                                                                                                    Professor, Department
                                                                                                      of Marketing, School
                                                                                                                                   Since 2002
                                                                                                       of Economics and
                                                                                                          management

                                                                                                     Research fellow at the
                                                                  Tsinghua University                  Research Centre for
                                                                                                                                   Since 2003
                                                                                                         Contemporary
                 JIANG Xuping                                                                             Management

                                                                                                     Research fellow at the
                                                                                                      Centre for Corporate         Since 2007
                                                                                                           Governance

                                                                                                     Dean of the School of
                                                           Guizhou Forerunner College                Internet Marketing and        Since 2012
                                                                                                     Management (pro bono)

                                                   China State Shipbuilding Corporation Limited        Chief accountant          Since Mar. 2025

                                                          Baowu Group Finance Co., Ltd.                    Chairman                Since 2018
                ZHU Yonghong
                                                                                                   Chairman of the board of
                                                         Baoshan Iron and Steel Co., Ltd.                                          Since 2017
                                                                                                          supervisors

                                                                                                   Senior assistant, Finance
                                                    China Tobacco Yunnan Industrial Co., Ltd.                                      2021-2024
                DONG Zhiqiang                                                                             Department

                                                       Yunnan Honghe Investment Co., Ltd.                   Director               Since 2024



       (VI) Determination and basis for determination of remuneration
       The remuneration of directors and supervisors is determined by the SGM, while the remuneration of senior management is
       determined by Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board, subject to approval of the board of directors.

       The Company determines the remuneration of its directors, supervisors and senior management based on factors such as the
       Company’s business results, the line-up of positions, risk management and performance appraisal results while considering
       market remuneration benchmarks provided by human resources consulting service.


108    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Corporate governance
                                                                                     Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




2
Employees                                                                                                                                            Operating results


As at the end of the reporting period, the basic information on the employees of the Company and its major subsidiaries is
summarised as below:

Headcount of employees of the Company                                                                                             1,002

Headcount of employees of its major subsidiaries                                                                                93,988

Total number of employees                                                                                                       94,990




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
Headcount of retirees for whom the Company or its major subsidiaries bear expenses                                                9,486


Their expertise and educational background are set out below:


(I) Expertise
                       Expertise                                       Head count                          Percentage

                     Management                                           7,666                                8.07%

                      Professional                                       35,806                               37.69%

                       Marketing                                         51,518                               54.24%

                         Total                                           94,990                              100.00%



(II) Education background


                                                                                                                                                     Other information
                 Education background                                  Head count                          Percentage

                    Master’s degree                                       6,355                                6.69%

                   Bachelor’s degree                                     61,827                               65.09%

               Bachelor’s degree or under                                26,808                               28.22%

                         Total                                           94,990                              100.00%



(III) Gender distribution
                        Gender                                         Head count                          Percentage

                        Female                                           48,529                               51.09%

                          Male                                           46,461                               48.91%




                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                         Total                                           94,990                              100.00%




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report     109
      Corporate governance
      Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees




       (IV) Remuneration policies and training programs for employees
       The Company has established a marketed-based remuneration system that is position-specific, performance-oriented
       and risk-linked, with reference to market benchmarks. The basic remuneration of our employees is determined based on
       their positions, professional competence and work experience. Performance-based remuneration is linked to the overall
       business performance of the Company and individual performance of employees, with mechanisms of deferred payment and
       claw-backs for those having a material bearing on risk exposure of the Company. The Company also provides its employees
       with benefits and allowance according to applicable regulations of China and industry standards.

       Employee training of the Company seeks to facilitate sales activities of primary-level branch offices, market development
       and business management. The Company continued to build its CPIC Learning & Innovation Centre, a smart on-line platform
       for in-house training, implemented initiatives of “4 Focuses” to boost high-quality development. It focused on innovation
       and diversification of functions and application scenarios of CPIC Learning, and launched 8 products including CPIC Exams,
       CPIC Live-streaming, CPIC OMO Training, etc., which have become a welcome enabler of front-line business units in business
       bidding, team building, capacity-building and compliance management. It focused on the core business of insurance. To
       facilitate execution of its strategies in “healthcare, integrated regional development and big data”, the Company continued to
       enhance and roll out CPIC Learning, which now covers employees of the entire organisation, from the Group to subsidiaries
       and from branches to sub-branches. It focused on content security. While supporting business development and offering
       diverse courses to employees, the Company launched a content security programme to boost integration of CPIC Learning
       with other forms of media so that CPIC Learning can be a reliable, trust-worthy platform of information. It also focused on
       operational efficiency. CPIC Life leveraged CPIC Learning and established a comprehensive training management system
       encompassing products, services, customer resources management (CRM), selling skill sets and agent recruitment under the
       Basic Law, which helped with agent retention and productivity; CPIC P/C, on the other hand, used the platform for training
       of product live-streaming sales and certification of professional qualifications, which helped with its marketing activities and
       also helped to lower costs and improve efficiency.




110    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate governance
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




      1
       Corporate governance
       In 2024, in strict compliance with Company Law of the PRC, Securities Law of the PRC, Insurance Law of the PRC and other
       applicable laws of the PRC, relevant government ordinances and regulations, and drawing on international best practices,
       the Company continued to improve the centralised management structure based on realignment of resources and enhanced
       interaction with the capital market, and strengthen internal and external supervision to improve the soundness, effectiveness
       and transparency of management, putting in place a sound corporate governance with effective coordination and a reliable
       system of checks and balances.

       The board of directors is committed to continuous improvement of the Company’s corporate governance by enhancing the
       integrated management mechanisms and systems. While maintaining the right of self-management of its subsidiaries as
       independent legal entities, the Group also promoted the centralisation of governance of the Company’s subsidiaries at the group
       level, given that the Company was listed as a group. The subsidiaries of the Company have also established a system structure
       that satisfies the requirements of the Company’s operations and has formulated unified and consistent governance systems that
       meet various of needs. Through the classification of subsidiaries, the Company has adopted differentiated management of its
       subsidiaries, fully covering the corporate governance structure under the Group.

       The SGM, board of directors, board of supervisors and the senior management fulfilled their respective functions independently,
       exercised their rights respectively in accordance with the Articles of Association, coordinating and balancing among each other
       to ensure the smooth operation of the Company. The SGM is composed of all shareholders. The board of directors implements
       the resolutions made by the SGM and exercises the decision-making power of the Company, responsible for the overall
       leadership of the Group; while the senior management, under the leadership of the president, is responsible for the day-to-day
       management of the Company’s businesses and implementation of the strategies approved by the board of directors. The
       board of supervisors is responsible to the SGM, and exercises the duties of supervising the directors and senior executives and
       reviewing the financials of the Company. The Company also put in place mechanisms to ensure smooth communication between
       the board of directors, the supervisory board and the management, creating an enabling environment for the board of directors
       and the board of supervisors to perform their duties and keep abreast of the Company’s situation.

       During the reporting period, the Company has complied with all the code provisions set out in Part 2 of Corporate Governance
       Code and substantially all of the recommended best practices in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code except for the
       deviation from code provision C.1.6. Pursuant to code provision C.1.6, generally, independent non-executive directors and
       other non-executive directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of
       shareholders. Mr. WU Junhao, the non-executive Director, did not attend the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024 of
       the Company due to other business arrangements. Mr. ZHAO Yonggang, the executive Director, did not attend the second
       extraordinary general meeting of 2024 of the Company due to other business arrangements. However, there were sufficient
       Directors, including executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and non-executive Directors, present to enable the
       Board to develop a balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders.

       The Company has adopted and implemented the Model Code for Securities Transactions for the securities transactions of its
       directors and supervisors. After specific inquiry by the Company, all of its directors and supervisors confirmed that they complied
       with the Code of Conduct set out under the Model Code for Securities Transactions throughout the reporting period. During the
       reporting period, the Company was not aware of any activities of its directors or supervisors that were not in full compliance with
       the Model Code for Securities Transactions. There is no mutual directorship among the Company’s board directors.




112    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Corporate governance
                                                                                                               Corporate governance




(I) Shareholders and the SGM
Shareholders are the investors of the Company. To equally safeguard shareholder’s rights, the Company sets out detailed
provisions on shareholder’s rights and how to realise them in the Articles of Association, and takes seriously the dividend




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
policy, shareholders’ investment return and their right to earnings. The Company also focused on communication with
shareholders to help them make informed decisions.

Under the Articles of Association, the main responsibilities of the SGM are, among others, to formulate the Company’s
strategic direction and investment plans, elect and replace directors and supervisors other than those who are also the
Company’s employees and decide their remuneration, consider and approve the annual budgets and accounts, profit
distribution plans and loss compensation plans of the Company, adopt proposals regarding any increase or decrease in the
registered capital of the Company and any merger, separation, dissolution or liquidation or change of corporate form of the
Company, consider and approve the listing of all or any part of the shares on any stock exchange as well as any proposed
issuance of bonds or other securities of the Company, adopt proposals regarding the appointment and dismissal of the
accountant of the Company, which conduct statutory audit of the Company’s financial reports on a regular basis, and amend
the Articles of Association.

The Articles of Association and the Procedural Rules for the SGM also contain detailed rules for convening extraordinary




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
sessions and specific procedures for putting forward proposals at such meetings. Under Article 98(1) of the Articles of
Association and Article 6(3) and Article 7 of the Procedural Rules for SGM, shareholders holding 10% or above of total voting
shares issued by the Company individually or jointly may sign and submit a request in writing to the Board of Directors for
an extraordinary general meeting or a classified SGM. Upon receipt of such a request, the Board of Directors shall decide
whether to convene a general meeting or a classified SGM based on the actual situation according to the laws, administrative
regulations and the Articles of Association. Pursuant to Articles 68(12) and 73 of the Articles of Association and Articles 12
and 13 of the Procedural Rules for SGMs, shareholders holding 3% or above (including 3%) of the total voting shares issued
by the Company individually or jointly may put forward temporary proposals, but they must submit the proposal to the
convener in writing ten days prior to the holding of general meeting. If the shareholder entitled to submit proposals has any
objection towards the decision of the Board for not including his/her proposal in the agenda of the general meeting, he/
she may request a separate extraordinary general meeting according to the procedures as set out in the Procedural Rules for
SGMs. The contact information for shareholders’ enquiry regarding the affairs of Company is set out in the Section “Corporate
information and definitions” of this report.

In 2024, the Company held 3 shareholders’ general meetings:




                                                                                                                                            Other information
On 29 February 2024, the Company held the 1st extraordinary general meeting of 2024 in Shanghai, at which resolutions
including The Resolution on the Revision of the Articles of Association of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were
considered and approved (for details please refer to the announcements published on the websites of SSE, SEHK, LSE and the
Company). The shareholders attending the meeting held a total of 6,113,356,952 voting shares, accounting for 63.55% of the
Company’s total voting shares. All the resolutions of this meeting were passed.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report    113
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       On 6 June 2024, the Company held the 2023 annual general meeting in Chengdu, at which resolutions including The
       Resolution in Relation to the Report of the Board of Directors of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. for 2023 were
       considered and approved (for details please refer to the announcements published on the websites of SSE, SEHK, LSE and the
       Company). The shareholders attending the meeting held a total of 6,058,953,052 voting shares, accounting for 62.98% of the
       Company’s total voting shares. All the resolutions of this meeting were passed.

       On 14 October 2024, the Company held the 2nd extraordinary general meeting of 2024 in Shanghai, at which resolutions
       including The Resolution of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. on the Election of Ms. CHEN Xin as Independent
       Non-executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company were considered and approved (for details please
       refer to the announcements published on the websites of SSE, SEHK, LSE and the Company). The shareholders attending
       the meeting held a total of 5,982,406,184 voting shares, accounting for 62.18% of the Company’s total voting shares. All the
       resolutions of this meeting were passed.

       The attendance of directors in 2024 was as follows:

                                                   No. of general
                                                                    Attendance in    Percentage of
                 Names of directors                  meetings                                                          Remarks
                                                                       person       attendance (%)
                                                    convened

        Executive Directors

                        FU Fan                           3               3               100

                                                                                                     Unable to attend the 2nd extraordinary
                  ZHAO Yonggang                          2               1               50          general meeting of 2024 due to other
                                                                                                     business arrangements.

        Non-executive Directors

                    HUANG Dinan                          3               3               100

                     WANG Tayu                           3               3               100

                       CHEN Ran                          3               3               100

                   ZHOU Donghui                          3               3               100

                     XIE Weiqing                         1               1               100

                     LU Qiaoling                         3               3               100

                   CAI Qiang, John                       1               1               100

                John Robert DACEY                        3               3               100

        Independent Non-executive Directors

                     LIU Xiaodan                         3               3               100

              LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth                    3               3               100

                LO Yuen Man, Elaine                      3               3               100

                 CHIN Hung I, David                      3               3               100

                    JIANG Xuping                         3               3               100

        Departing Directors

                   KONG Qingwei                          0               0                –

                    CHEN Jizhong                         0               0                –

                                                                                                     Unable to attend the first extraordinary
                      WU Junhao                          1               0                0          general meeting of 2024 due to other
                                                                                                     business arrangements.




114    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                          Corporate governance
                                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




Notes:
1. On 26 October 2023, Mr. CHEN Jizhong resigned as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and Related
   Party Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On 27 November 2023, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David was
   elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company’s 9th Board of Directors at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2023. In February 2024, Mr.
   CHIN’s qualification for the appointment was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. CHEN Jizhong ceased to serve as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company,




                                                                                                                                                                              Operating results
   chairman of the board Risk Management and Related Party Transactions Control Committee and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
2. On 11 December 2023, Mr. FU Fan was elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang was appointed as President of the
   Company at the 29th session of the 9th Board of Directors. In January 2024, Mr. KONG Qingwei resigned as Executive Director of the Company and Chairman of the
   Board of Directors of the Company. In January 2024, the appointment qualification of Mr. FU Fan to serve as Chairman of the Company and of Mr. ZHAO Yonggang
   to serve as President of the Company was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. KONG Qingwei ceased to serve as Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of
   Directors of the Company, and Mr. FU Fan ceased to serve as President of the Company.
3. On 29 February 2024, Mr. FU Fan and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang were elected as Executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors, Mr. HUANG Dinan, Mr. WANG Tayu, Mr.
   CHEN Ran, Mr. ZHOU Donghui, Ms. LU Qiaoling, and Mr. John Robert DACEY were elected as Non-executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors, Ms. LIU Xiaodan,
   Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth, Ms. LO Yuen Man, Elaine, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, and Mr. JIANG Xuping were elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the
   10th Board of Directors at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024. Mr. WU Junhao ceased to serve as Non-executive Director of the Company. In April 2024,
   Mr. ZHAO Yonggang’s appointment qualification to serve as Executive Director of the Company was approved by the NFRA.
4. On 6 June 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing and Mr. CAI Qiang, John were elected as Non-executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company at the 2023 annual
   general meeting. In September 2024, the appointment qualification of Mr. XIE and Mr. CAI was approved by the NFRA.
5. On 28 August 2024, Ms. LIU Xiaodan resigned as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, and chairwoman of the board Nomination and Remuneration
  Committee. On 14 October 2024, Ms. CHEN Xin was elected as Independent Non-executive Director 10th Board of Directors of the Company at the second




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate governance
  extraordinary general meeting. In view of the fact that Ms. LIU’s resignation would result in the number of independent directors of the Company falling below
  the number required by relevant regulatory requirements and the Articles of Association of the Company, Ms. LIU will continue to perform her duties until the
  qualification of the new independent director is approved by the NFRA.


The notification, convening, and proceeding of the general meetings and the procedures followed for voting were in
compliance with the Company Law of the PRC, the Articles of Association and applicable regulations.

The SGM has set up an effective communication channel with the shareholders so that their voices can be heard and their
advice heeded, ensuring shareholders’ rights to information, participation and voting in respect of any significant issues of
the Company. This created a positive atmosphere for the shareholders to take part in the decision-making process of the
Company and exercise their rights equally.

In strict compliance with regulatory rules and requirements on corporate governance and the protection of retail investors,
the Company continued to improve its corporate governance and investor communication mechanisms to fulfil its
responsibilities to shareholders. To better protect the interests of retail investors, we added stipulations on voting rights to
select independent directors to the Articles of Association, and fully adopted measures such as online voting in shareholders’




                                                                                                                                                                              Other information
general meetings, and the separate vote counting and public disclosure for retail investors.




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   115
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       (II) Directors, board of directors and committees of the board of directors
       At present, the Board consists of 15 directors. Among them, there are 2 executive directors: Mr. FU Fan and Mr. ZHAO
       Yonggang; 8 non-executive directors: Mr. HUANG Dinan, Mr. WANG Tayu, Mr. CHEN Ran, Mr. ZHOU Donghui, Mr. XIE Weiqing,
       Ms. LU Qiaoling, Mr. CAI Qiang, John, and Mr. John Robert DACEY; 5 independent non-executive directors: Ms. LIU Xiaodan,
       Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth, Ms. LO Yuen Man, Elaine, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, and Mr. JIANG Xuping. (On 26 October 2023,
       Mr. CHEN Jizhong resigned as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management
       and Related Party Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
       On 27 November 2023, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David was elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company’s 9th
       Board of Directors at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2023. In February 2024, Mr. CHIN’s qualification for the
       appointment was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. CHEN Jizhong ceased to serve as Independent Non-executive Director of
       the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and Related Party Transactions Control Committee and member of
       the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On 11 December 2023, Mr. FU Fan was elected as Chairman of the
       Board of Directors of the Company, and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang was appointed as President of the Company at the 29th session
       of the 9th Board of Directors. In January 2024, Mr. KONG Qingwei resigned as Executive Director of the Company, chairman
       of the Board of Directors of the Company and chairman of the board Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG
       Committee. In January 2024, the appointment qualification of Mr. FU Fan to serve as Chairman of the Company and of Mr.
       ZHAO Yonggang to serve as President of the Company was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. KONG Qingwei ceased to serve as
       Executive Director of the Company, chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and chairman of the board Strategic
       and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee, and Mr. FU Fan ceased to serve as President of the Company. On 29
       February 2024, Mr. FU Fan and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang were elected as Executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors, Mr.
       HUANG Dinan, Mr. WANG Tayu, Mr. CHEN Ran, Mr. ZHOU Donghui, Ms. LU Qiaoling, and Mr. John Robert Dacey were elected
       as Non-executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors, Ms. Liu Xiaodan, Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth, Ms. LO Yuen Man,
       Elaine, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, and Mr. JIANG Xuping were elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the 10th Board
       of Directors at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024. Mr. WU Junhao ceased to serve as Non-executive Director of
       the Company. In April 2024, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang’s appointment qualification to serve as Executive Director of the Company
       was approved by the NFRA. On 6 June 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing and Mr. CAI Qiang, John were elected as Non-executive Director
       of 10th Board of Directors of the Company at the 2023 AGM. In September 2024, the appointment qualification of Mr.
       XIE and Mr. CAI was approved by the NFRA. On 28 August 2024, Ms. LIU Xiaodan resigned as Independent Non-executive
       Director of the Company, and chairwoman of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On 14 October 2024, Ms.
       CHEN Xin was elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. In view of the fact that Ms. LIU’s resignation
       would result in the number of independent directors of the Company falling below the number required by relevant
       regulatory requirements and the Articles of Association of the Company, Ms. LIU will continue to perform her duties until the
       qualification of the new independent director is approved by the NFRA). The number of independent non-executive directors
       on the Board exceeds one-third of the number of all directors. The number of directors and composition of the Board
       complies with applicable regulatory requirements as well as requirements of the Articles of Association of the Company.

       According to Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang and Mr. CHIN Hung I David obtained the legal
       advice on 31 January 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing and Mr. CAI Qiang, John obtained the legal advice on 13 May 2024 as stipulated
       in Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and confirmed their understanding of their obligations as directors of the
       Company.

       Under the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is accountable to the SGM and exercises, among others, the
       following powers: to convene annual general meetings and implement their resolutions; determine the business and
       operation plans and investment plans of the Company; formulate annual financial budgets and financial accounts; formulate
       profit distribution and loss compensation plans; formulate proposals on increase or decrease in the registered share capital,
       issuance of bonds, or listing of other securities of the Company; appointment or dismissal of President, appointment or
       dismissal of Board Secretary based on Chairman’s nomination, appointment or dismissal of Chief Internal Auditor and Internal
       Audit Responsible Person based on nomination of Chairman or the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee,
       appointment or dismissal of Vice President, Chief Actuary, General Counsel, Finance Responsible Person, Compliance
       Responsible Person and other senior executives based on President’s nomination and determine their remunerations,
       rewards and punishments; and develop the basic policies and systems of the Company.



       So far as the Company is aware, no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship exists among its board




116    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Corporate governance
                                                                                                               Corporate governance




members. In particular, there are none between chairman and president. During the reporting period, Mr. FU Fan served as
chairman of the Board, and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang served as president of the Company (On 11 December 2023, Mr. FU Fan
was elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang was appointed as President
of the Company at the 29th session of the 9th Board of Directors. In January 2024, Mr. KONG Qingwei resigned as Executive




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
Director of the Company, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and chairman of the Strategic and Investment
Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the Board. In January 2024, the appointment qualification of Mr. FU Fan to serve as
Chairman of the Company and of Mr. ZHAO Yonggang to serve as President of the Company was approved by the NFRA,
and Mr. KONG Qingwei ceased to serve as Executive Director of the Company, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
Company, and chairman of the Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the Board, and Mr. FU Fan
ceased to serve as President of the Company). The chairman is responsible for presiding over the shareholder’s general
meeting and the board of directors and performing other duties as delegated by the board of directors, while the president
is responsible to the board of directors, and presides over the operation and management of the Company. The division of
responsibilities between the chairman and president of the Company is stated in the Articles of Association.


1. Attendance of board meetings
In 2024, the Board held 9 meetings. All directors duly performed their duties and attended the meetings in person or by




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
proxy. They made informed decisions to safeguard the interests of the Company and their shareholders as a whole. The
attendance of directors is as follows:

                            No. of board
                                           Attendance   Attendance
    Names of directors       meetings                                  Absence                      Remarks
                                            in person    by proxy
                             convened

Executive Directors

          FU Fan                 9             9            0             0

     ZHAO Yonggang               6             6            0             0

Non-executive Directors

      HUANG Dinan                9             9            0             0

       WANG Tayu                 9             9            0             0

        CHEN Ran                 9             9            0             0

      ZHOU Donghui               9             9            0             0




                                                                                                                                            Other information
       XIE Weiqing               3             3            0             0

       LU Qiaoling               9             9            0             0

     CAI Qiang, John             3             3            0             0

                                                                                  Unable to attend the 5th session of
                                                                                  the 10th Board of Directors due to
                                                                                  other business arrangements, and he
    John Robert DACEY            9             8            1             0
                                                                                  delegated in writing the authority to
                                                                                  attend and vote to Mr. CHIN Hung I,
                                                                                  David, Director of the Company.

Independent Non-executive Directors

                                                                                  Unable to attend the 5th session of
                                                                                  the 10th Board of Directors due to
                                                                                  other business arrangements, and she
       LIU Xiaodan               9             8            1             0
                                                                                  delegated in writing the authority to
                                                                                  attend and vote to Mr. JIANG Xuping,




                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                                                                                  Director of the Company.

  LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth        9             9            0             0

   LO Yuen Man, Elaine           9             9            0             0

    CHIN Hung I, David           8             8            0             0

      JIANG Xuping               9             9            0             0




                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report    117
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




                                               No. of board
                                                               Attendance         Attendance
                Names of directors              meetings                                               Absence                              Remarks
                                                                in person          by proxy
                                                convened

        Departing Directors

                 KONG Qingwei                       0                0                  0                   0

                  CHEN Jizhong                      1                1                  0                   0

                                                                                                                       Unable to attend the 31st session of
                                                                                                                       the 9th Board of Directors due to
                                                                                                                       other business arrangements, and he
                   WU Junhao                        1                0                  1                   0
                                                                                                                       delegated in writing the authority to
                                                                                                                       attend and vote to Mr. HUANG Dinan,
                                                                                                                       Director of the Company.

       Notes:
       1. On 26 October 2023, Mr. CHEN Jizhong resigned as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and Related
          Party Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On 27 November 2023, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David was
          elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2023. In February 2024, Mr. CHIN’s qualification for the
          appointment was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. CHEN Jizhong ceased to serve as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk
          Management and Related Party Transactions Control Committee and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
       2. On 11 December 2023, Mr. FU Fan was elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang was appointed as President of the
          Company at the 29th session of the 9th Board of Directors. In January 2024, Mr. KONG Qingwei resigned as Executive Director of the Company, Chairman of the
          Board of Directors of the Company, and chairman of the board Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee. In January 2024, the appointment
          qualification of Mr. FU Fan to serve as Chairman of the Company and of Mr. ZHAO Yonggang to serve as President of the Company was approved by the NFRA, and
          Mr. KONG Qingwei ceased to serve as Executive Director of the Company, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and chairman of the board Strategic
          and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee, and Mr. FU Fan ceased to serve as President of the Company.
       3. On 29 February 2024, Mr. FU Fan and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang were elected as Executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors, Mr. HUANG Dinan, Mr. WANG Tayu, Mr.
          CHEN Ran, Mr. ZHOU Donghui, Ms. LU Qiaoling, and Mr. John Robert DACEY were elected as Non-executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors, Ms. LIU Xiaodan,
          Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth, Ms. LO Yuen Man, Elaine, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, and Mr. JIANG Xuping were elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the
          10th Board of Directors at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024. Mr. WU Junhao ceased to serve as Non-executive Director of the Company. In April 2024,
          Mr. ZHAO Yonggang’s appointment qualification to serve as Executive Director of the Company was approved by the NFRA.
       4. On 6 June 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing and Mr. CAI Qiang, John were elected as Non-executive Director of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company at the 2023 annual
          general meeting. In September 2024, the appointment qualification of Mr. XIE and Mr. CAI was approved by the NFRA.
       5. On 28 August 2024, Ms. LIU Xiaodan resigned as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, and chairwoman of the board Nomination and Remuneration
          Committee. On 14 October 2024, Ms. CHEN Xin was elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company at the second extraordinary general meeting.
          In view of the fact that Ms. LIU’s resignation would result in the number of independent directors of the Company falling below the number required by relevant
          regulatory requirements and the Articles of Association of the Company, Ms. LIU will continue to perform her duties until the qualification of the new independent
          director is approved by the NFRA.




118    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Corporate governance
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance




2. Board meetings and resolutions
The Board held 9 meetings in 2024:

(1) On 30 January 2024, the Company held the 31st session of the 9th Board of Directors in Shanghai, at which resolutions




                                                                                                                                              Operating results
    including The Resolution in Relation to the 2022 Annual Performance Appraisal Results of Professional Managers of China
    Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. for 2022 were considered and approved.

(2) On 29 February 2024, the Company held the 1st session of the 10th Board of Directors in Shanghai, at which resolutions
    including The Resolution on Election of Chairman of the 10th Board of Directors of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co.,
    Ltd. were considered and approved.

(3) On 28 March 2024, the Company held the 2nd session of the 10th Board of Directors in Shanghai, at which resolutions
    including The Resolution in Relation to the Report of the Board of Directors of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. for
    2023 were considered and approved.

(4) On 26 April 2024, the Company held the 3rd session of the 10th Board of Directors in Xiamen, at which resolutions
    including The Resolution on the First Quarter Report for 2024 of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered
    and approved.




                                                                                                                                              Corporate governance
(5) On 20 May 2024, the Company held the 4th session of the 10th Board of Directors by circulation, at which The Resolution
    on the Revision of the Articles of Association of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. was considered and approved.

(6) On 29 August 2024, the Company held the 5th session of the 10th Board of Directors in Nanjing, at which resolutions
    including The Resolution on the 2024 Interim Report of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered and
    approved.

(7) On 30 October 2024, the Company held the 6th session of the 10th Board of Directors in Guangzhou, at which resolutions
    including The Resolution on the Third Quarter Report for 2024 of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered
    and approved.

(8) On 6 December 2024, the Company held the 7th session of the 10th Board of Directors by circulation, at which resolutions
    including The Resolution in Relation to the Report on Incumbent Audit for Mr. ZHAO Yonggang, President of China Pacific
    Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered and approved.




                                                                                                                                              Other information
(9) On 27 December 2024, the Company held the 8th session of the 10th Board of Directors by circulation, at which
    resolutions including The Resolution of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. on Daily Related Party Transactions were
    considered and approved.


3. Implementation of the resolutions of the SGM by the board of directors
In 2024, all the Company’s board members fully implemented the resolutions passed by the SGM including those on profit
distribution plan for 2023, and the engagement of external auditors for 2024, performed duties delegated and accomplished
tasks assigned by the SGM with due diligence and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations and the provisions under
the Articles of Association.

The Company distributed a cash dividend of RMB1.02 per share (including tax) in accordance with the Resolution on Profit
Distribution Plan for the year 2023 approved at the 2023 AGM. The implementation of this distribution plan was completed
in July 2024.




                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report    119
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       4. Corporate governance functions of the board of directors
       The board of directors is responsible for determining the policy for the corporate governance of the Company and
       performing the corporate governance duties as below:

       (1) To develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations;

       (2) To review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management;

       (3) To review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements;

       (4) To develop, review and monitor the code of conduct applicable to the employees and directors of the Company;

       (5) To review the Company’s compliance with Corporate Governance Code and disclosure requirements in the Corporate
           Governance Report; and

       (6) To review and monitor the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

       During the reporting period, the Board fulfilled the above corporate governance functions. In accordance with regulations
       such as the Company Law and the Code of Corporate Governance for Insurance Institutions and the Guidelines for the
       Articles of Association of Listed Companies and based on its actual situation, the Company revised relevant documents
       including the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for Shareholders’ Meeting, the Rules of Procedures for Board
       Meetings and the Rules of Procedures for Board of Supervisors Meetings.

       The Company took the initiative to step up communication with directors and supervisors, including information filing
       on a regular basis or whenever circumstances require, so that they can have a full, timely understanding of the business
       management status of the Company. In accordance with the Provisions on Performance Evaluation and Accountability of
       Directors and Supervisors, it implemented open, transparent and stringent evaluation of its directors and supervisors, with
       requirements for high ethical standards, to further improve their performance of duties. The directors and supervisors have
       independence necessary for performance of duties and abide by high ethical standards irrespective of control or interference
       of substantial shareholders, promote fair treatment of all shareholders by the Company, protection of legitimate rights of
       all stakeholders, and fulfilment of its corporate social responsibility. The Company has put in place relevant mechanisms
       to ensure access to independent views and opinions by the Board of Directors, including but not limited to a review, from
       time to time, of independent non-executive directors to ensure that they are in possession of necessary qualifications
       and professional expertise, and that they have committed enough time for the Company. All independent non-executive
       directors shall submit annually a written confirmation of their independence and independence of their immediate family
       members. Internal policies of the Company, such as the Articles of Association, Rules of Procedures for Board of Directors
       Meetings, Work Rules on the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Work Rules on Independent Directors, specified
       policies of nomination for board directors, roles and responsibilities of the Nomination and Compensation Committee,
       and criteria for appointment of directors. Board chairman will hold at least one meeting with independent non-executive
       directors in the absence of executive directors every year. The Company has revised the Work Rules on Independent Directors
       and established the mechanism of exclusive meetings for independent directors. All directors have the right to engage
       third-party consulting service. Independent directors can also access information on business operation of the Company
       and industry development via multiple channels including information reporting, seminars and field trips. All these ensured
       access to independent views and opinions by the board. The Company reviews the effectiveness and implementation of the
       aforementioned system annually. During the reporting period, all directors and supervisors of the Company can express their
       opinions independently based on sufficient knowledge of the business operation of the Company when performing their
       duties.




120    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
                                                                                                                       Corporate governance




The Board has completed the annual review of the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control
systems for the year ended 31 December 2024 (including those of the Company’s key subsidiaries), and continuously
oversees the issuers’ risk management and internal control systems, including financial monitoring, operational monitoring
and compliance monitoring. In this regard, the board of directors has obtained confirmation from the management on the




                                                                                                                                                    Operating results
effectiveness and completeness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and procedures. (For details
of the risk management & internal control and inside information control of the Company, please refer to the corresponding
sections of this chapter.)

The Board had reviewed the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, and considered them to be effective
and sufficient.


5. Performance of duties by the special committees under the board of directors
At the end of the reporting period, the Board had 5 special committees, namely, the Strategic and Investment
Decision-Making & ESG Committee, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee, the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee, the Risk Management Committee, and the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights
Protection Committee, each of which conducts in-depth studies on specific issues and submits their recommendations to the
Board for consideration.




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
(1) Performance of duties by the Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the
Board of Directors
The primary duties of the Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee are, among others, to study and
advise on the long-term development strategies of the Company and its subsidiaries; review the investment decision-making
procedures and delegation mechanism as well as the management of insurance funds; study and advise on major
investments decisions or proposals; identify and assess the Company’s ESG risks and key ESG agenda items, study and
formulate the Company’s ESG strategy, set out the Company’s ESG goals and plans, etc., and supervise the implementation of
ESG planning.

In 2024, the Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee held 4 meetings, with details as follows:

  Time of the meeting                   Name of the meeting                              Reports heard or resolutions reviewed

                        The 1st meeting of the Strategic and Investment Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
     27 March 2024      Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the 10th Board of Proposed Plan for Profit Distribution for 2023 of China
                        Directors in 2024                                    Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                        The 2nd meeting of the Strategic and Investment
                                                                             Reviewed The Resolution on the 2024-2026 Capital Plan of
     25 April 2024      Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the 10th Board of
                                                                             China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                        Directors in 2024

                        The 3rd meeting of the Strategic and Investment
                                                                             Reviewed The Resolution on The Revision of the Articles
      20 May 2024       Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the 10th Board of
                                                                             of Association of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                        Directors in 2024

                        The 4th meeting of the Strategic and Investment Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on
    28 August 2024      Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the 10th Board of Capital Injection of CPIC Life into Pacific Medical &Health
                        Directors in 2024                                    Management Co. Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report    121
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       The composition and attendance of the members of the Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee are as
       follows:

                                                                                                  No. of
                                                                                                committee           Attendance          Attendance
                Name of members                                 Position                                                                                      Absence
                                                                                                 meetings            in person           by proxy
                                                                                                convened

                FU Fan (chairman)                          Executive director                        4                    4                   0                    0

             CHIN Hung I, David                    Independent non-executive director                4                    4                   0                    0

                 HUANG Dinan                             Non-executive director                      4                    4                   0                    0

                   LU Qiaoling                           Non-executive director                      4                    4                   0                    0

                 CAI Qiang, John                         Non-executive director                      0                    0                   0                    0

             John Robert DACEY                           Non-executive director                      4                    4                   0                    0

        Departing member

           KONG Qingwei (former
                                                   Board chairman, executive director                0                    0                   0                    0
            committee chairman)

                  LIU Xiaodan                      Independent non-executive director                0                    0                   0                    0

       Notes:
       1. In January 2024, Mr. KONG Qingwei resigned as Executive Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and chairman of the board Strategic and
          Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee.
       2. On 29 February 2024, Mr. FU Fan, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, Mr. HUANG Dinan, Ms. LU Qiaoling, and Mr. John Robert DACEY were elected as member of the Strategic
          and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the 10th Board of Directors at the first session of the 10th Board of Directors. Mr. FU Fan is the chairman of the
          committee.
       3. On 30 October 2024, Mr. CAI Qiang, John was elected as member of the Strategic and Investment Decision-Making & ESG Committee of the 10th Board of Directors
         at the 6th session of the 10th Board of Directors.


       (2) Performance of duties by the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the
       Board of Directors
       The primary duties of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee are, among other things, to nominate
       external auditors, and review and monitor the independence of external auditors and their audit procedures; review
       the Company’s internal audit management systems and make recommendations to the board; supervise and assess
       internal auditing work, approve the Company’s annual internal audit plan, budgets and human resources plan; review the
       appointment or dismissal of the Company’s Finance Responsible Person; double check and verify the Company’s financial
       accounting reports; review the financial information of the Company and its disclosure; review the Company’s financial
       monitoring; continuously supervise the Company’s internal control system; review the Company’s internal audit work report;
       review the report on the identification and follow-up management of related parties, manage and review related party
       transactions and conduct risk control; review the Company’s annual related-party transactions and implementation of the
       related-party transactions management system; review material related party transactions; and strengthen the Company’s
       related party transactions management system. (On 29 February 2024, The Resolution on Composition of Special Committees
       of the 10th Board of Directors was passed at the first session of the 10th Board of Directors, and the Audit and Related Party
       Transactions Committee was set up under the 10th Board of Directors.)

       The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee is also responsible for evaluating the completeness and
       effectiveness of the Company’s internal control system on a regular basis to ensure the effective operation of the internal
       control system. The Committee hears the annual internal control assessment report by the chief internal auditor every
       year, obtains assurance from the management on the effectiveness and completeness of the Company’s internal control
       system, and reviews the effectiveness of the internal control system. Meanwhile, members of the Audit and Related Party
       Transactions Control Committee communicate with the chief Internal Auditor and other senior managers from time to time
       on the status of internal control, and stay in touch with the Internal Audit Centre of the Company by attending its meetings
       or conducting field trips to the department, so as to continuously monitor the completeness and effectiveness of the internal
       control system.




122    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
                                                                                                                         Corporate governance




In 2024, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee held 10 meetings, with details as follows:

  Time of the meeting                     Name of the meeting                              Reports heard or resolutions reviewed

                                                                            Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
                          The 1st meeting of the Audit Committee of the 9th




                                                                                                                                                      Operating results
    30 January 2024                                                         2023 Internal Audit Work Summary Report of China Pacific
                          Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                            Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                          The 1st meeting on the Preparation of the 2023 Annual
                                                                                Made a preliminary review of the Company’s unaudited
    23 February 2024      Report of the Audit Committee and Independent
                                                                                2023 Financial Statements
                          Directors of the 9th Board of Directors

                          The 2nd meeting on the Preparation of the 2023 Annual
                          Report of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Communicated with the external auditors of the Company
     15 March 2024
                          Control Committee and Independent Directors of the on the preliminary audit opinions of the annual audit
                          10th Board of Directors

                          The 1st meeting of the Audit and Related Party
                                                                              Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on 2023
     27 March 2024        Transactions Control Committee of the 10th Board of
                                                                              Annual Report of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                          Directors in 2024

                          The 2nd meeting of the Audit and Related Party Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
     25 April 2024        Transactions Control Committee of the 10th Board of 2024 First Quarter Report of China Pacific Insurance
                          Directors in 2024                                   (Group) Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
                          The 3rd meeting of the Audit and Related Party
                                                                              Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on 2024
    28 August 2024        Transactions Control Committee of the 10th Board of
                                                                              Interim Report of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                          Directors in 2024

                          The 4th meeting of the Audit and Related Party Heard The Report on Initiating the Selection and
   30 September 2024      Transactions Control Committee of the 10th Board of Engagement of Auditing Firm for Directors and Senior
                          Directors in 2024                                   Management of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                          The 5th meeting of the Audit and Related Party Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
    29 October 2024       Transactions Control Committee of the 10th Board of 2024 Third Quarter Report of China Pacific Insurance
                          Directors in 2024                                   (Group) Co., Ltd.

                          The 6th meeting of the Audit and Related Party Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
    6 December 2024       Transactions Control Committee of the 10th Board of Report of Incumbent Audit for ZHAO Yonggang, President
                          Directors in 2024                                   of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                          The 7th meeting of the Audit and Related Party
                                                                              Reviewed The Resolution of China Pacific Insurance
   27 December 2024       Transactions Control Committee of the 10th Board of
                                                                              (Group) Co., Ltd. on Daily Related Party Transactions
                          Directors in 2024




                                                                                                                                                      Other information
The composition and the attendance of the members of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee are as
follows:

                                                                           No. of
                                                                         Committee       Attendance       Attendance
     Name of members                         Position                                                                        Absence
                                                                          meetings        in person        by proxy
                                                                         convened

  LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth
                                Independent Non-executive Director           10               9                1                   0
       (chairwoman)

    LO Yuen Man, Elaine         Independent Non-executive Director           10               10               0                   0

      ZHOU Donghui                    Non-executive Director                 10               10               0                   0

       JIANG Xuping             Independent Non-executive Director           10               10               0                   0

        XIE Weiqing                   Non-executive Director                 2                2                0                   0

Departing member




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
        WU Junhao                     Non-executive Director                 2                2                0                   0




                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report    123
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       Notes:
       1.   On 23 February 2024, due to business arrangements, Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth was unable to attend the 1st meeting on the Preparation of the 2023 Annual
            Report of the Audit Committee and Independent Directors of the 9th Board of Directors, and she delegated the authority to attend and vote to Mr. JIANG Xuping,
            Director of the Company.
       2.   In February 2024, Mr. WU Junhao ceased to serve as Non-executive Director of the Company due to the expiration of the term of office.
       3.   On 29 February 2024, Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth, Ms. LO Yuen Man, Elaine, Mr. ZHOU Donghui, and Mr. JIANG Xuping were elected as members of the Audit and
            Related Party Transactions Control Committee at the 1st session of the 10th Board of Directors. Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth is the chairwoman of the committee.
       4.   On 30 October 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing was elected as member of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee at the 6th session of 10th Board of
            Directors.


       The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee reviewed the quarterly, interim and annual financial reports
       and business performance announcements of the Company to ensure the completeness, transparency and consistency of
       financial disclosure. Given requirements for preparation of annual reports, it discussed with the external auditors and the
       management, and agreed on the schedule, guiding principle and methodology for the auditing of the Company’s financial
       statements, and paid particular attention to key items in the report. The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control
       Committee discussed with the external auditors and agreed on the schedule for the auditing of the Company’s financial
       statements based on the plan for the preparation of the Company’s annual report. It held a meeting to review the financial
       statements prepared by the Company and issued its opinions in writing prior to the commencement of the audit by the
       external auditors, and maintained adequate and timely communication with the auditors during the process. The committee
       also convened to review the financial statements of the Company after the external auditors issued their preliminary
       opinions, and issued its opinions in writing. At its 1st meeting of 2024, it formed a resolution on the submission of the
       Company’s annual report to the board of directors for approval.

       In 2024, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee oversaw the performance of duties by the external
       accountants, examined the independence, compensation and others matters, submitted a report on the work review of
       annual auditing by external auditors for the year 2023 to the Board of Directors. In this report, it expressed satisfaction with
       the overall performance of the accounting firm. An opinion was formed at the first meeting of the Audit and Related Party
       Transactions Control Committee in 2024, agreeing to submit the resolution to engage external auditors to the Board of
       Directors for consideration.

       The committee pays close attention to the internal control of the Company, confirms the annual internal control assessment
       plan of the Company, reviews amendments to relevant IA policies and other material matters, and objectively assesses the
       Company’s financial position and internal control procedures. It conducts two one-on-one meetings with external auditors
       each year and hears the responses from the management. It also provides guidance in relation to the Company’s internal
       audit and takes part in the appraisal and evaluation of the annual performance of the internal audit department. At the same
       time, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee enhanced its guidance for internal audit of the Company,
       approved the annual internal audit plan, reviewed relevant work in internal audit on a quarterly basis, and participated in the
       annual performance appraisal of internal audit departments. Besides, the committee regularly hears reports on major risks
       faced by the Company and on handling of whistle-blowing, with tracking of developments in a timely manner.

       (3) Performance of duties by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors
       The primary duties of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are, among others, to provide recommendations to
       the board with respect to the remuneration and performance management policy and structures for directors and senior
       management, and on establishing formal and transparent procedures for developing remuneration and performance
       management policies and frameworks; make recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the formulation or
       adjustment of equity incentive plans and employee stock option plans, as well as matters such as conditions for incentive
       recipients to be granted or to exercise such rights and interests; conduct examination and evaluation of the performance of
       duties and annual performance of the directors and the senior management against the policies and targets of the Company
       established by the Board of Directors; review the selection and appointment system for the directors and senior management
       and make recommendations to the Board of Directors; make recommendations to the Board of Directors on the nomination,
       appointment, removal or reappointment of directors, as well as succession plans for directors (especially for Chairman and
       President); review and propose recommendations on the appointment and dismissal of senior management that must be
       submitted to the Board of Directors for approval; and review the policy on diversity of board members at an appropriate
       time.




124    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance




In the Articles of Association, the Company has clarified the nomination policy for board directors: the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors and the shareholders who hold more than 3% of the Company’s shares
individually or collectively are entitled to nominating candidates for non-independent directors. The independent directors
may be nominated by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the board of supervisors, and shareholders who hold




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
more than 1% of the Company’s shares individually or collectively, or by other means as determined by the CSRC or the NFRA,
or other means as stipulated by laws, and regulations. According to the Work Rules of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, the procedures for nominating board directors mainly include: the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
consolidates a list of candidates for directors, collects detailed information including their occupation, education, title, work
experience and part-time jobs and creates written documents based on that; the committee solicits the nominee’s consent to
the nomination, convenes a committee meeting, and conducts qualification review of relevant candidates based on director’s
appointment requirements; the committee submits its appointment recommendations and other relevant materials to the
Board of Directors, and follows up on it as per the Board’s resolutions and feedback. The Company has complied with the
above policy during the nomination process for directors.

The Company also focuses on the diversity of board members. The Company believes that diversity of board members has
brought a wider perspective and a richer and high-level professional experience to the Company, which is conducive to
promoting decision-making and improving corporate governance. For that, the Company has incorporated the diversity
policy into the Terms of Reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. In assessing the Board composition, the




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board would take into account various aspects, including but not limited
to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and industry and regional
experience. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee would discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving
diversity on the Board where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption.

The Company has complied with requirement set out in the Corporate Governance Code regarding the diversity of board
members and is focused on building a professional, diversified and balanced high-quality board to further improve its
decision-making capabilities in different professional fields. During the reporting period, the Company’s board of directors
was diversified in terms of gender, region, and professional background: there were 11 male directors and 4 female directors
(female directors represented around 26.7% of the board); there was at least one senior position on the board held by a
female director and so the Company has met the relevant target under UK Listing Rules (“UKLR”) 14.3.30(1)(a)(ii); female
directors represented less than 40% of the board and the Company will gradually increase the proportion of female directors
in accordance with the actual situation; there were 11 directors from mainland China and 4 from Hong Kong or overseas;
there were 5 directors with accounting background, 1 with legal background, and 9 with professional backgrounds in finance,
management, and new technologies, etc. As to the diversity of ethnically diverse backgrounds, the board had at least one




                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
director from an ethnic minority background and so the Company has met the relevant target under UKLR 14.3.30(1)(a)(iii).

Percentage of directors by gender/gender identity note 1

                                                                                                    Number of senior
                                                                                                     positions on the
                                                                                                                                               Percentage of
                                                                                                    board (President,       Number of
                                                    Number of             Percentage of                                                            senior
                                                                                                   Senior independent         senior
                                                     directors            the board (%)                                                        management
                                                                                                      non-executive        management
                                                                                                                                                    (%)
                                                                                                    directorsnote 2, and
                                                                                                        Chairman)

                    Male                                 11                     73.3                        4                  10                   100.0

                  Female                                 4                      26.7                        3                  0                      0

    Not specified/prefer not to say                      –                        –                         –                  –                      –

Notes:




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
1. In accordance with UKLR 14 Annex 1.
2. Senior independent non-executive director refers to the individual fulfilling the role as described in Provision 12 of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018, as
   adopted by the UKLR.
3. The information in this table was collected directly from the individual directors concerned.




                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   125
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       Percentage of directors by ethnicitynote 1

                                                                                                           Number of senior
                                                                                                            positions on the
                                                                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                                                                           board (President,        Number of
                                                             Number of             Percentage of                                                           senior
                                                                                                          Senior independent          senior
                                                              directors            the board (%)                                                       management
                                                                                                             non-executive         management
                                                                                                                                                            (%)
                                                                                                           directorsnote 2, and
                                                                                                               Chairman)

              White British or other whites
                                                                   1                     6.7                       –                    –                     –
           (including minority-white groups)

                 Mixed/multi-ethnic groups                         –                      –                        –                    –                     –

                      Asian/Asian British                         14                     93.3                      7                    10                 100.0

         Black/African/Caribbean/Black British                     –                      –                        –                    –                     –

         Other ethnic group (including Arabs)                      –                      –                        –                    –                     –

                Not specified/prefer not to say                    –                      –                        –                    –                     –

       Notes:
       1. In accordance with UKLR 14 Annex 1.
       2. Senior independent non-executive director refers to the individual fulfilling the role as described in Provision 12 of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018, as
          adopted by the UKLR.
       3. The information in this table was collected directly from the individual directors concerned.


       In 2024, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee held 6 meetings, with details as follows:

           Time of the meeting                               Name of the meeting                                       Reports heard or resolutions reviewed

                                                                                            Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution in Relation
                                         The 1st meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration to the 2022 Annual Performance Appraisal Results of
                30 January 2024
                                         Committee of the 9th Board of Directors in 2024    Professional Managers of China Pacific Insurance (Group)
                                                                                            Co., Ltd.

                                         The 1st meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration Reviewed The Resolution on Appointment of President of
             29 February 2024
                                         Committee of the 10th Board of Directors in 2024   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                            Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
                                         The 2nd meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration
                 28 March 2024                                                              2023 Annual Performance Appraisal Results of China
                                         Committee of the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                            Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                            Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
                                         The 3rd meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration
                 25 April 2024                                                              Renewal of Appointment of Joint Company Secretary of
                                         Committee of the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                            China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                            Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on
                                         The 4th meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration the Nomination of Ms. CHEN Xin as Candidate for
                28 August 2024
                                         Committee of the 10th Board of Directors in 2024   Independent Director of the 10th Board of Directors of
                                                                                            China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                            Reviewed The Resolution on the Appointment of Mr. SU
                                         The 5th meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration
                30 October 2024                                                             Gang as Vice President and Finance Responsible Person of
                                         Committee of the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                            China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.




126    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance




The composition and attendance of the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are as follows:

                                                                                           No. of
                                                                                         committee         Attendance         Attendance
         Name of members                                 Position                                                                                 Absence
                                                                                          meetings          in person          by proxy




                                                                                                                                                                          Operating results
                                                                                         convened

   LIU Xiaodan (Chairwoman)              Independent Non-executive Director                   6                  6                  0                  0

            WANG Tayu                           Non-executive Director                        5                  5                  0                  0

         CHIN Hung I, David              Independent Non-executive Director                   5                  5                  0                  0

           JIANG Xuping                  Independent Non-executive Director                   6                  6                  0                  0

 Departing members

           CHEN Jizhong                  Independent Non-executive Director                   1                  1                  0                  0

         John Robert DACEY                      Non-executive Director                        1                  1                  0                  0

Notes:
1. On 26 October 2023, Mr. CHEN Jizhong resigned as independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and Related Party
   Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On 27 November 2023, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David was elected




                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate governance
   as independent non-executive director of the Company at the first extraordinary general meeting. In February 2024, Mr. CHIN’s appointment qualification was
   approved by the NFRA, and Mr. CHEN Jizhong ceased to serve as independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and
   Related Party Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
2. On 29 February 2024, Ms. LIU Xiaodan, Mr. WANG Tayu, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, and Mr. JIANG Xuping were nominated as members of the Nomination and
   Remuneration Committee of the 10th Board of Directors at the first session of the 10th Board of Directors. Ms. LIU Xiaodan is the chairwoman of the committee.


(4) Performance of duties by the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors
The primary duties of the Risk Management Committee are, among others, to make recommendations to the board with
respect to the overall objective of risk management, risk appetite and transmission mechanism, risk tolerance, and risk
management policies; make recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the risk evaluation for major
decisions and plans for response to major risks; review the annual risk assessment report, annual compliance report,
and other specific risk reports; review the basic rules on operational risk management and relevant rules on operational
risk information disclosure, and the management system for insurance funds management; review solvency reports,
annual report on case risk prevention and control assessment and other related reports; make recommendations on the
organizational structure of the Company’s internal control and major internal control policies; advise the board of directors




                                                                                                                                                                          Other information
on the SAA plan, annual investment plan and its adjustments; make recommendations to the board of directors with respect
to the coordination mechanisms for product design, sales and investment and their performance; discuss risk management
system with the management to ensure the establishment of an effective risk management system; review and discuss
key findings of investigations of risk management matters. (On 29 February 2024, the Resolution on the Composition of
Special Committees of the 10th Board of Directors was passed at the first session of the 10th Board of Directors, and the Risk
Management Committee was set up under the 10th Board of Directors.)

The Company’s Risk Management Committee hears a quarterly risk assessment report by the chief risk officer, obtains
assurance at the time of annual reporting from the management on the effectiveness and completeness of the Company’s
risk management system, and reviews the effectiveness of the risk management system. Meanwhile, the committee, from
time to time, communicates with the chief risk officer and other senior managers on the major risks of the Company and
its subsidiaries to monitor the effectiveness of the risk management system. In addition, the Company has established a
mechanism for reporting to the Board’s Risk Management Committee major risk events such as solvency early warning. In
case of significant risk, the Risk Management Committee of the Board will be notified in a timely manner.




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                               2024 Annual Report   127
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       In 2024, the Risk Management Committee held 5 meetings as follows:

           Time of the meeting                            Name of the meeting                                              Resolutions reviewed

                                                                                             Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
                                         The 1st meeting of the Risk Management Committee of
                27 March 2024                                                                2023 Solvency Report of China Pacific Insurance (Group)
                                         the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                             Co., Ltd.

                                                                                             Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on
                                         The 2nd meeting of the Risk Management Committee of
                 25 April 2024                                                               the 2023 Solvency Stress Test Report of China Pacific
                                         the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                             Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                             Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
                                         The 3rd meeting of the Risk Management Committee of
                28 August 2024                                                               Solvency Report for the First Half of 2024 of China Pacific
                                         the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                             Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                             Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the Risk
                                         The 4th meeting of the Risk Management Committee of
             29 October 2024                                                                 Assessment Report for the Third Quarter of 2024 of China
                                         the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                             Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                             Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on the
                                         The 5th meeting of the Risk Management Committee of
            27 December 2024                                                                 amended Anti Fraud Risk Management Measures of China
                                         the 10th Board of Directors in 2024
                                                                                             Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.


       The composition of the Risk Management Committee and attendance of its members are as follows:

                                                                                                      No. of
                                                                                                    committee        Attendance        Attendance
                    Name of members                                  Position                                                                           Absence
                                                                                                     meetings         in person         by proxy
                                                                                                    convened

             ZHAO Yonggang (chairman)                           Executive Director                        4                4                 0              0

                        WANG Tayu                            Non-executive Director                       5                5                 0              0

                 LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth              Independent Non-executive Director                  5                5                 0              0

                   LO Yuen Man, Elaine                Independent Non-executive Director                  5                5                 0              0

        Departing members

          CHEN Jizhong (former chairman)              Independent Non-executive Director                  0                0                 0              0

                           FU Fan                               Executive Director                        0                0                 0              0

       Notes:
       1. On 26 October 2023, Mr. CHEN Jizhong resigned as independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and Related Party
          Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On 27 November 2023, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David was elected
          as independent non-executive director of the Company at the first extraordinary general meeting. In February 2024, Mr. CHIN’s appointment qualification was
          approved by the NFRA, and Mr. CHEN Jizhong ceased to serve as independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and
          Related Party Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
       2. On 29 February 2024, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang, Mr. WANG Tayu, Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth, and Ms. LO Yuen Man, Elaine were elected as members of the Risk
          Management Committee of the 10th Board of Directors at the first session of the 10th Board of Directors. Mr. ZHAO Yonggang is the chairman of the committee.
       3. In April 2024, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang’s appointment qualification to serve as executive director of the Company was approved by the NFRA.




128    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
                                                                                                                                                Corporate governance




(5) Performance of duties by the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
of the Board of Directors
The primary duties of the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights Protection Committee are, among others, to




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating results
review the Company’s technological innovation strategy and plans, and overall work objectives; encourage the Company’s
management to establish an effective technological innovation operation system; guide and supervise the establishment and
improvement of the consumer rights protection work management system; carry out research on major issues in the field of
technological innovation and consumer rights protection.

In 2024, the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights Protection Committee held 2 meetings, with details as follows:

   Time of the meeting                              Name of the meeting                                                Resolutions reviewed

                              The 1st meeting of the Technological Innovation and Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on 2023
         27 March 2024        Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the 10th Consumer Rights Protection Work and Priorities for
                              Board of Directors in 2024                          Consumer Rights Protection for 2024.

                                                                                   Reviewed resolutions including The Resolution on
                               The 2nd meeting of the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights Protection Work in the First Half of 2024
         28 August 2024        Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the 10th and the Report on Regulatory Evaluation of Consumer
                               Board of Directors in 2024                          Rights Protection for 2023 of China Pacific Insurance




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
                                                                                   (Group) Co., Ltd.


The composition of the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and attendance of its members
are as follows:

                                                                                          No. of
                                                                                        committee           Attendance          Attendance
         Name of members                               Position                                                                                     Absence
                                                                                         meetings            in person           by proxy
                                                                                        convened

   JIANG Xuping (chairman)             Independent Non-executive Director                    2                    2                   0                 0

             CHEN Ran                          Non-executive Director                        2                    2                   0                 0

           ZHOU Donghui                        Non-executive Director                        2                    2                   0                 0

          ZHAO Yonggang                          Executive Director                          1                    1                   0                 0

            XIE Weiqing                        Non-executive Director                        0                    0                   0                 0




                                                                                                                                                                             Other information
 Departing members

               FU Fan                            Executive Director                          0                    0                   0                 0

            WU Junhao                          Non-executive Director                        0                    0                   0                 0

Notes:
1. In February 2024, Mr. WU Junhao ceased to serve as Non-executive Director of the Company due to the expiration of the term of office.
2. On 29 February 2024, Mr. JIANG Xuping, Mr. CHEN Ran, Mr. ZHOU Donghui, and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang were elected as member of the Technological Innovation and
   Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the 10th Board of Directors at the first session of the 10th Board of Directors. Mr. JIANG Xuping is the chairman of the
   committee.
3. In April 2024, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang’s qualification of appointment to serve as Executive Director of the Company was approved by the NFRA.
4. On 30 October 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing was elected as a member of the Technological Innovation and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the 10th Board of
   Directors at the 6th session of the 10th Board of Directors.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report    129
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       (III) Supervisors and the Board of Supervisors
       Currently, the Company has 4 supervisors, including 2 shareholder representative supervisors (Mr. ZHU Yonghong and Mr.
       DONG Zhiqiang) and 2 employee representative supervisors (Ms. ZHOU Liyun and Mr. GU Qiang). Their biographies are set
       out in the section “Directors, supervisors, senior management and employees” of this report. Mr. ZHU Yonghong serves
       as chairman of the 9th and 10th Board of Supervisors and Ms. ZHOU Liyun serves as vice chairperson of the 10th Board
       of Supervisors. (On 28 February 2024, Mr. JI Zhengrong ceased to serve as vice chairman of the 9th Board of Supervisors
       and Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company. On 28 May 2024, Ms. ZHOU Liyun was elected as employee
       representative supervisor of the 10th Board of Supervisors at the Employees’ Representatives Conference of the Company;
       On 6 June 2024, Mr. DONG Zhiqiang was elected as shareholder representative supervisor of the 10th Board of Supervisors
       at the 2023 AGM. On 13 September 2024, the term of office for Ms. ZHOU Liyun and Mr. DONG Zhiqiang as supervisor of the
       Company took effect, and Mr. LU Ning ceased to be a supervisor of the Company. On 30 October 2024, Mr. ZHU Yonghong
       was elected as chairman, and Ms. ZHOU Liyun vice chairman, of the 10th Board of Supervisors at the first session of the 10th
       Board of Supervisors).

       Under the Articles of Association, the board of supervisors is vested by law to exercise the following rights and powers:
       examine the finances of the Company; monitor the behaviours of directors, president, vice presidents and other senior
       management during their performance of duties; verify the financial information including financial reports, operation
       reports and profit distribution plans to be submitted to the SGM; propose to convene extraordinary session of the SGM and
       propose resolutions to it; and conduct investigation when there is any major abnormality in the Company’s operation.


       1. Attendance of supervisors
       In 2024, the board of supervisors held 7 meetings. Their attendance is as follows:

                                                No. of
                                                            Attendance         Attendance
                 Supervisors                  meetings                                              Absence                               Remarks
                                                             in person          by proxy
                                              convened

        Incumbent supervisors

                ZHU Yonghong                       7              7                  0                  0

                 ZHOU Liyun                        3              3                  0                  0

                DONG Zhiqiang                      3              3                  0                  0

                  GU Qiang                         7              7                  0                  0

        Departing supervisor

                                                                                                                   Unable to attend the 23rd session of the
                                                                                                                   9th Board of Supervisors due to other
                 JI Zhengrong                      1              0                  1                  0          work arrangements, and delegated in
                                                                                                                   writing the authority to attend and vote
                                                                                                                   to GU Qiang, supervisor of the Company.

                   LU Ning                         4              4                  0                  0

       Notes:
       1. On 28 February 2024, Mr. JI Zhengrong resigned as vice chairman of the 9th Board of Directors and Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company.
       2. On 28 May 2024, Ms. ZHOU Liyun was elected as employee representative supervisor of the 10th Board of Supervisors at the Employees’ Representatives Conference
          of the Company.
       3. On 6 June 2024, Mr. DONG Zhiqiang was elected as shareholder representative supervisor of the 10th Board of Supervisors at the 2023 AGM.
       4. On 13 September 2024, the term of office for Ms. ZHOU Liyun and Mr. DONG Zhiqiang as supervisor of the Company took effect, and Mr. LU Ning ceased to be a
          supervisor of the Company.
       5. On 30 October 2024, Mr. ZHU Yonghong was elected as chairman, and Ms. ZHOU Liyun vice chairman, of the 10th Board of Supervisors at the first session of the 10th
          Board of Supervisors.


       During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors did not find any risks in the Company, and raised no issues with
       matters under its supervision.




130    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Corporate governance
                                                                                                              Corporate governance




2. Meetings of the Board of Supervisors                         (IV) Discussions held and research
and resolutions                                                 made by directors and supervisors
The Board of Supervisors held 7 meetings in 2024.




                                                                                                                                           Operating results
                                                                During the reporting period, given the changes in the
                                                                business environment, regulatory policies, customer
(1) On 30 January 2024, the Company held the 23rd session
                                                                behaviours and technology advancement, the Board of
    of the 9th Board of Supervisors in Shanghai, at which
                                                                Directors and Board of Supervisors stayed focused on value
    resolutions including The Resolution in Relation to
                                                                growth and pursued value management and sound business
    the 2022 Annual Performance Appraisal Results of
                                                                operation to drive healthy and sustainable development of
    Professional Managers of China Pacific Insurance (Group)
                                                                the Company. In 2024, the Board of Directors and the Board
    Co., Ltd. for 2022 were considered and approved.
                                                                of Supervisors pointed out that CPIC should strive to grasp
                                                                new development opportunities arising from China’s 5
(2) On 28 March 2024, the Company held the 24th session
                                                                Financial Priorities to accelerate high-quality development;
    of the 9th Board of Supervisors in Shanghai, at which
                                                                focus on “quality and profitability” and further strengthen
    resolutions including The Resolution in Relation to the
                                                                the competitiveness of core business segments; continue to
    Report of the Board of Supervisors for 2023 of China
                                                                deepen the implementation of 3 Key Strategies, i.e., health
    Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered and
                                                                care, regional integrated development and big data for




                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
    approved.
                                                                breakthroughs in transformation; step up innovation and
(3) On 26 April 2024, the Company held the 25th session         synergy and upgrade “CPIC Service”; enhance coordination
    of the 9th Board of Supervisors in Xiamen, at which         of assets and liabilities, improve Group-centralised
    resolutions including The Resolution in Relation to the     governance and promote sustainable value growth.
    First Quarter Report for 2024 of China Pacific Insurance
                                                                During the reporting period, the directors and supervisors
    (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered and approved.
                                                                put the new development concept into practice in the light
(4) On 29 August 2024, the Company held the 26th session        of the Company’s realities and future plans, and heard CPIC
    of the 9th Board of Supervisors in Nanjing, at which        Life’s reports on its annual market strategy, service-based
    resolutions including The Resolution on the 2024 Interim    marketing development strategy, and product strategy in
    Report of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were    the new environment; heard CPIC P/C’s report on its annual
    considered and approved.                                    market strategy, development of agricultural insurance
                                                                in the new environment, catastrophe losses and future
(5) On 30 October 2024, the Company held the 1st session        response strategies. The directors and supervisors held
    of the 10th Board of Supervisors in Guangzhou, at which     in-depth discussions about key issues in the Company’s




                                                                                                                                           Other information
    resolutions including The Resolution in Relation to the     business operation, came up with solutions, and recognised
    Third Quarter Report for 2024 of China Pacific Insurance    the Company’s effort and progress in institutional reform,
    (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered and approved.             product and service innovation, adaptation to new
                                                                regulatory environment, fulfillment of social responsibilities
(6) On 6 December 2024, the Company held the 2nd session        and support for national strategies.
    of the 10th Board of Supervisors by circulation, at which
    resolutions including The Resolution on the Report of       The directors and supervisors of the Company participated
    Incumbent Audit for ZHAO Yonggang, President of China       in internal and external training to familiarise themselves
    Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. were considered and     with the latest regulatory developments and best corporate
    approved.                                                   governance practices through various channels. During the
                                                                reporting period, they held a number of seminars, inspected
(7) On 27 December 2024, the Company held the 3rd session       CPIC branches in Sichuan, Jiangsu, Guangdong and Xiamen
    of the 10th Board of Supervisors by circulation, at which   to gain insight into the implementation of the Company’s
    reports including The Report on Daily Related Party         strategies and business development at the primary level.
    Transactions of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.   They also visited CPIC Home retirement communities in




                                                                                                                                           Financial report
    were heard.                                                 Xiamen, Chengdu and Nanjing for immersive experience of
                                                                high-quality health and elderly care services.




                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report   131
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       (V) Training for directors and                                (VI) Auditors’ remuneration
       supervisors                                                   Information on auditors’ remuneration is set out in the
                                                                     “Report of the Board of Directors and significant events”.
       To improve their performance of duties, professional skills
       and knowledge of insurance policies and regulations, the
       directors and supervisors of the Company participated in      (VII) Responsibilities of Directors
       various online training sessions held by the regulators as
       well as ones by the Company. Most of the external training
                                                                     for financial statements
       sessions this year were held online.
                                                                     The directors confirm that they are responsible for the
                                                                     preparation of financial statements to truthfully and fairly
       Among them, Ms. LIU Xiaodan, Ms. LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth,
                                                                     report the situation of the Company. Please refer to the
       Mr. JIANG Xuping, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David, and Ms. LO Yuen
                                                                     “Financial report” section of this report for the statement
       Man, Elaine, independent non-executive directors of the
                                                                     of responsibility made by the auditor of the Company for
       Company, attended the second session of the follow-up
                                                                     accounts reporting. Having made due enquiry, the directors
       training for independent directors of listed companies
                                                                     are of the opinion that the Company has sufficient resources
       organised by the SSE in 2024; and Ms. LAM Tyng Yih,
                                                                     to continue operating in the foreseeable future and it is
       Elizabeth, Ms. LO Yuen Man, Elaine, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David,
                                                                     therefore appropriate to adopt the going concern principle
       and Mr. JIANG Xuping attended the training course on
                                                                     for the preparation of financial statements.
       performance of anti-fraud duties and recommendations for
       independent directors of listed companies organised by the
       SSE.                                                          (VIII) Investor relations
       Mr. ZHAO Yonggang, executive director of the Company,         During the reporting period, the Company adhered to rules
       attended courses organised by China Association for           and policies such as the Investor Relations Management
       Publicly-Traded Companies on the interpretation of the        Measures and its implementing rules, and Regulations on
       reform of the independent director system for listed          Shareholder Communication to continuously improve the
       companies and norms and best practices of governance of       reach, effectiveness and efficiency of two-way investor
       listed companies.                                             communication. Upon reviewing the current status of
                                                                     implementation of the above rules and regulations,
       Mr. WANG Tayu and Mr. John Robert DACEY attended the
                                                                     and in view of measures taken to optimise channels of
       specialized training on the reform of the independent
                                                                     communication and investor feedback, the Company
       director system organized by the Listed Companies
                                                                     concluded that its policies on shareholder communication
       Association of Shanghai.
                                                                     have been effectively enforced during the reporting period.
       Moreover, the Company held special training for all its
       directors and supervisors in response to new regulations
       issued by the CSRC, NFRA, SSE, and SEHK.

       Directors and supervisors also carefully studied the latest
       laws, regulations and regulatory rules released from time
       to time by the regulators through other means. All of that
       helped with their performance of duties.

       The Company also encouraged all of its directors and
       supervisors to attend training, at the cost of the Company.
       Since 2012, all the directors have been required to provide
       their records of training to the Company.




132    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Corporate governance
                                                                                                                Corporate governance




The Company conducts and enhances investor-centered market value management based on its achievements in
high-quality development, so as to improve its investment value as well as investor’s satisfaction. It’s committed to building
a diversified platform for investor communication via on-site meetings, communication in writing, live streaming and
telephone conferences, etc, which ensures orderly execution of various IR activities. During the reporting period, CPIC




                                                                                                                                             Operating results
successfully hosted the 2023 Annual/2024 Interim/2024 Q3 Results Announcement, organised NDRs for both domestic and
international capital markets, and hosted the Corporate Day, investor meetings and investor visits, as well as participated in
strategy meetings sponsored by securities firms, all of which ensured an effective channel of communication between the
market and company management. During the reporting period, the Company responded to investors’ needs in a timely
and pragmatic manner, focusing on execution of its key strategies and other matters of common interest on the market, and
guiding investors towards a proper understanding of its value through effective IR programmes.

The Company is committed to equal and fair treatment of all types of investors, particularly the protection of retail investors,
and uses technology and digital means to improve the ease and convenience of its communication channels. During the
reporting period, as per regulatory requirements, it publicly solicited questions from investors before results announcements,
which were answered by management during the events. Meanwhile, retail investors can access such events via live
streaming and post questions online, and will receive replies to all their questions on the same day. Moreover, to better meet
investors’ needs and enhance two-way communication with investors, the Company assigned personnel for IR hotline, fax,
email box, and the IR column on its official website to handle investors’ questions, comments and suggestions. In the year, it




                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
prepared monthly Investor Newsletters in both Chinese and English with a total of 12 issues published, and responded to 48
investor questions on the E-communication platform of the SSE.

Moreover, to fully leverage IR programmes as a channel of two-way communication, the Company actively relays the
voice of the capital market to management by means of capital market updates, special reports and seminars to help with
management decision-making and improve market value management.


(IX) Information disclosure and inside information management
The Company strictly abides by the regulatory rules of its listing venues, continues to enhance its transparency via efficient,
compliant, well-organised information disclosure. During the reporting period, it prepared and released regular reports
and interim announcements based on principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness and fairness. As an
insurance company simultaneously listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London, the Company focused on investor’s needs,
emulated industry best practices, continued to expand the scope of voluntary information disclosure, adopted new modes
for disclosure and dissemination of non-financial information, and maintained continuity and consistency in information




                                                                                                                                             Other information
disclosure so that the results of its business development and efforts in corporate social responsibility, particularly in
sustainable development, can be communicated to investors and other stakeholders in a clear, concise, complete, effective
and easy-to-understand manner, and also in a way that reflects industry characteristics. That helped to improve the overall
relevance and effectiveness of information disclosure. During the reporting period, the Company amended its rules on
inside information management, continued to enhance ownership of the compliance responsibility by all employees to
ensure efficiency and compliance in inside information management. It established and has since been reviewing its inside
information management system. Measures including advocacy programmes, risk alerts and special training were taken to
ensure effective enforcement of both regulatory requirements and in-house rules for inside information management. The
Company ensured the handling and dissemination of inside information according to its disclosure policies and processes so
that inside information remains confidential until its disclosure is duly approved, and that such information is published in
an effective and consistent manner. It closely followed latest regulatory and industry developments, enriched the content of
information disclosure in view of the latest corporate governance/information disclosure requirements for insurance groups.
During the reporting period, the Company effectively performed its information disclosure obligations without any penalties
from the regulators or major errors or omissions in information disclosure. It was granted the top-level A rating by SSE for
information disclosure for 11 consecutive years.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report    133
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       (X) Joint company secretaries
       Mr. NGAI Wai Fung (director and group chief executive officer of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited)
       and Mr. Su Shaojun were appointed as the joint company secretaries of the Company. Mr. SU, the secretary of the board of
       directors and joint company secretary, serves as the primary contact person between Mr. Ngai and the Company. For the year
       ended 31 December 2024, Mr. SU and Mr. NGAI have respectively participated in relevant professional trainings in accordance
       with the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




       2
       Performance of duties by independent non-
       executive directors
       During the reporting period, the Company’s 10th Board of Directors consists of 5 independent non-executive directors
       comprising professionals in accounting, finance, auditing and legal affairs, and independent non-executive directors exceed
       one-third of all the board members, in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and the provisions of the Articles
       of Association.

       The Company’s independent non-executive directors have the required expertise and experience and are able to perform
       their duties strictly in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, regulatory documents, the
       Articles of Association and Provisions on Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors. They have provided
       comments and suggestions on, among other things, corporate governance, business operation, risk management and
       internal control. Independent non-executive directors have played a meaningful role in the Company’s decision making
       process, offering an independent and impartial perspective and safeguarding the interests of the Company and of the
       shareholders as a whole, and in doing so, the interests of minority shareholders as well.

       In 2024, all the independent non-executive directors attended meetings of the Board as scheduled. They took the initiative
       to better understand the operating situation of the Company, doing research, making inquiries, and obtaining necessary
       materials and information for decision-making. They provided independent and unqualified opinions on matters of
       the Company such as changes of significant accounting estimates, election of board members, appointment of senior
       management members, related party transactions and remuneration policy for and the performance appraisal of senior
       management.

       In 2024, all independent non-executive directors held a separate meeting with chairman of the board in Xiamen without the
       participation of other directors or senior management, and conducted in-depth communication on corporate governance,
       business management and risk and compliance management, etc.; held special meetings of independent directors to hear
       reports on the Company’s related party transactions, changes in the financial regulatory environment and revision of work
       rules for independent directors.

       On 27 December 2024, the Company held the first special meeting of independent directors of the 10th Board of Directors in
       2024, at which resolutions on related party transactions were reviewed.

       In 2024, the independent non-executive directors of the Company conducted a self-examination of independence and
       submitted the results to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors was of the view that all independent non-executive
       directors were able to perform their duties independently, without being subject to influence of the Company or its major
       shareholders, de facto controllers or other entities or individuals, and that there were no circumstances under which they
       were not permitted to act as independent non-executive directors.




134    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance




(I) Attendance of independent non-executive directors at the SGM
In 2024, the Company’s independent non-executive directors actively attended the SGM, details of which are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                Operating results
         Names of independent non-executive directors                    No. of SGMs convened             Attendance in person                    Absence

 Incumbent independent non-executive directors

                            LIU Xiaodan                                                3                              3                               0

                     LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth                                           3                              3                               0

                       LO Yuen Man, Elaine                                             3                              3                               0

                        CHIN Hung I, David                                             3                              3                               0

                           JIANG Xuping                                                3                              3                               0

 Departing independent non-executive directors

                           CHEN Jizhong                                                0                              0                               0

Notes:
1.   On 26 October 2023, Mr. CHEN Jizhong resigned as independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the board Risk Management and Related




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate governance
     Party Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On 27 November 2023, Mr. CHIN Hung I, David
     was elected as independent non-executive director of the Company at the first extraordinary general meeting. In February 2024, Mr. CHIN’s appointment
     qualification was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. CHEN Jizhong ceased to serve as independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the board
     Risk Management and Related Party Transactions Control Committee, and member of the board Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
2.   On 28 August 2024, Ms. LIU Xiaodan resigned as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, and chairman of the board Nomination and Remuneration
     Committee. On 14 October 2024, Ms. CHEN Xin was elected as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company at the second extraordinary general meeting.
     In view of the fact that Ms. LIU’s resignation would result in the number of independent directors of the Company falling below the number required by relevant
     regulatory requirements and the Articles of Association of the Company, Ms. LIU will continue to perform her duties until the qualification of the new independent
     director is approved by the NFRA.



(II) Attendance by independent non-executive directors of board meetings
In 2024, independent non-executive directors actively attended the meetings of the Board of Directors and the attendance of
each of the independent non-executive directors is as follows:

                                                                               No. of
                                                                                                     Attendance             Attendance




                                                                                                                                                                                Other information
         Names of independent non-executive directors                      board meetings                                                             Absence
                                                                                                      in person              by proxy
                                                                             convened

 Incumbent independent non-executive directors

                             LIU Xiaodan                                           9                       8                      1                       0

                      LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth                                      9                       9                      0                       0

                        LO Yuen Man, Elaine                                        9                       9                      0                       0

                         CHIN Hung I, David                                        8                       8                      0                       0

                            JIANG Xuping                                           9                       9                      0                       0

 Departing independent non-executive directors

                            CHEN Jizhong                                           1                       1                      0                       0

Note: On 29 August 2024, Ms. LIU Xiaodan was unable to attend the 5th session of the 10th Board of Directors due to other business arrangements, and delegated in
      writing the authority to attend and vote to Mr. JIANG Xuping, Director of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report    135
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       (III) Objections by the independent non-executive directors on relevant
       matters of the Company
       No objections were raised by independent non-executive directors on relevant matters of the Company and there were no
       such cases where proposals by the independent non-executive directors were not adopted.


       (IV) Independence of independent non-executive directors
       Pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has obtained written confirmation from each Independent
       Non-executive Director of his/her independence from the Company. The Company considers all of its Independent
       Non-executive Directors to be independent of the Company.




       3
       Independence of the Company from its
       controlling shareholders in asset, personnel,
       finance, organisation and business
       The ownership structure of the Company is diversified and there is no controlling shareholder or de facto controller.

       As a wholly-listed comprehensive insurance group company, the Company is fully independent in the following five aspects:
       assets, personnel, finance, organisation and business.




136    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Corporate governance
                                                                                                               Corporate governance




4
Appraisal and incentive programmes for the                                                                                                  Operating results

senior management
The performance management of the Company’s senior management is primarily comprised of formulation of the
performance appraisal plan, performance tracking, performance appraisals and application of the appraisal results.
The annual performance appraisal plan is determined by the board of directors based on the medium – and long-term
development strategies and the operation plan of the year. The Company tracks the fulfillment of various performance
indicators regularly. Upon conclusion of the year, the Board will determine the performance evaluation results of senior




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
management based on their fulfillment of the annual operational objectives, and the results will be linked to their
compensation.

The Company has established a market-oriented, position-specific and performance-based remuneration system,
with reference to market benchmarks. It also adopted mechanisms of deferred payment and recovery/claw-backs for
performance-based pay, aiming to provide incentives for senior management to create long-term value for the Company. In
the event of misconduct of senior managers, or their violations of laws and regulations, or abnormal risk exposure within his/
her scope of responsibilities, the Company will reassess the performance-based remuneration for the corresponding year,
and may choose to deduct, recover or terminate the pay for the corresponding period and/or the portion under deferred
payment, depending on severity of the offence.

The Company adopted a professional managers’ system for remuneration of president and vice presidents, focusing on
market-oriented recruitment, differentiated remuneration, contract-based management and market-based exit. Their
employment contracts would specify the term of service, roles and responsibilities, compensation package, performance
evaluation and conditions for contract renewals/termination, as part of the effort to deepen the reform of the incentive and




                                                                                                                                            Other information
restraint mechanism of the Company.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report    137
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       5
                                                                       implementation of management decisions in risk
                                                                       management, including organising, supervising, and guiding
                                                                       other departments in daily risk management as per decisions
                                                                       of the management. Other functional departments and
                                                                       branch offices have all designated Risk Responsible Person
                                                                       and Risk Management Personnel, performing their duties
                                                                       as within their scope of responsibilities and responsible for
                                                                       communications with risk management departments.
       Risk management                                                 The Group Internal Audit Centre audits, on an annual
                                                                       basis, the status and results of operation of the Group
       Risk management is a core element of the business               solvency-aligned risk management system, as well as the
       operation and management of CPIC Group. The aim of its          status of implementation of risk management policies, and
       risk management is to establish a risk management system        reports to the board.
       aligned with its strategic goals and to ensure the adequacy
       and stability of its solvency in the process of achieving its
       strategic targets, reduce the uncertainty in achieving its
                                                                       (II) Risk management strategy and
       business objectives, and maximise value with risks under        procedure
       control.

                                                                       1. Risk management strategy
       (I) Risk governance structure
                                                                       The overall risk management strategy of the Company
       The Company established a holistic risk management              is: in view of its development objectives, organisational
       organisational system with the board shouldering the            structure and business characteristics, support and promote
       ultimate responsibility, the management responsible for         fulfillment of business objectives and strategic planning of
       direct stewardship, risk management departments providing       the Company via a sound risk management system, stringent
       coordination, the “3 lines of defences” working together        risk management processes, and scientific risk management
       and each player performing their respective duties. The         mechanisms and tools.
       boards of the Company and its subsidiaries are the top
       decision-making body in risk management, and bear the
       ultimate responsibility for their respective risk management    2. Risk appetite
       systems and status of operation. The board established
       the Risk Management Committee, which is vested by the           The Company adopts a “prudent” risk appetite, and
       board to perform risk management functions. In 2024,            cautiously manages various risks in business operation.
       the committee convened 5 sessions, reviewing relevant           The Company and its insurance subsidiaries maintain a
       risk-related items and reports.                                 sufficient level of solvency, and pursue stable profitability
                                                                       and sustained value growth while maintaining appropriate
       The Management Committee of the Company is responsible          liquidity, maintain a sound risk management status and
       for organising risk management implementation. It               market image. It continuously upgrades the risk control
       introduced the position of Group Chief Risk Officer, which      system compatible with its status as a listed company on
       reports risk management status and risk profile to the board    SSE, SEHK, and LSE, integrates ESG requirements into its ERM
       Risk Management & Related Party Transactions Committee          system, with leadership in promoting healthy and stable
       on a quarterly basis. Under the Management Committee            development of the industry.
       there is the Risk Management and Audit Work Commission.
                                                                       The Company’s risk tolerance system includes five core
       The Risk Management Centre was set up at Group                  dimensions: maintaining adequate capital, pursuing stable
       headquarters, responsible for coordinating daily work in        profitability, achieving sustained value growth, maintaining
       risk management. All insurance and asset management             proper liquidity, and ensuring sound risk status and a good
       member companies of the Group have set up independent           market image.
       risk management departments, charged with coordinating




138    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Corporate governance
                                                                                                                  Corporate governance




The Company has set overall risk limits at the Group level          1. Reputational risk
which also apply to its subsidiaries. Based on their own
business characteristics and needs, each subsidiary further         Reputational risk is caused by actions of insurance
breaks down the limits for various risks and applies them in        institutions, insurance personnel, or external events, which




                                                                                                                                               Operating results
daily business decisions, risk monitoring and early warning         may lead to adverse comments on insurance institutions
to achieve healthy coordination and balance between risk            by stakeholders, the public or the media, etc., thereby
management and business development.                                hurting their brand value, disrupting their normal business
                                                                    operation, and even affecting market and social stability.

3. Risk management procedure                                        In compliance with the latest rules and requirements
                                                                    concerning reputational risk management of insurance
The Company’s key risk management procedure includes:
                                                                    groups, and in view of its own realities, the Company
formulation of objectives, collection of information, risk
                                                                    continuously optimises governance structures and work
identification & assessment, risk handling, risk reporting,
                                                                    process of reputational risk management, improves
supervision and rectification. The Company uses a set
                                                                    end-to-end process management across all business units/
of risk management tools, such as risk management
                                                                    subsidiaries, enhances normalised mechanisms and ensures
information system, comprehensive budgeting, ALM,
                                                                    close coordination of the “3 lines of defense”, in a bid to
capital planning and stress testing, to manage various
                                                                    fortify the “firewall” of reputational risk management. It




                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance
risks faced by the Group and its key member companies as
                                                                    conducts annual evaluation of the status of the risk as well
within their respective business scopes. It has established
                                                                    as the operation of relevant risk management mechanisms,
and continuously improves mechanisms in early warning,
                                                                    and submits special reports to senior management, the
emergency response and crisis management to enhance its
                                                                    board of directors and the board of supervisors.
capacity to prevent and mitigate major risks and to tackle
emergencies.                                                        In 2024, the Company revised and issued the Emergency
                                                                    Contingency Plan for Major Reputational Risk Events to
(III) Risk management performance                                   further improve the risk management system; proceeded
                                                                    with routine work in training, emergency drills, risk
In 2024, the Company aligned its risk management efforts            screening, cultural awareness activities and team building
with strategic execution and business priorities of the Group,      to enhance reputational risk management across all levels
continued to optimise the Group-wide risk management                of the organisation and promote the implementation and
system, particularly with regard to group specific risks,           meticulous management of reputation risk across all levels
strengthened constraints of risk limits and the role of             of the Company. In 2024, it maintained a stable status in
risk management in performance evaluation, conducted                reputational risk, with no major reputational risk incidents.




                                                                                                                                               Other information
early-stage, proactive risk assessment for key business             In May 2024, the Company organised the 2nd Meeting of
decisions, enhanced risk screening, risk early warning and          the 2nd Standing Committee of the Insurance Industry
mitigation in key areas, started the construction of a risk         Reputational Risk Management Committee and released the
management data mart, and upgraded the intelligent risk             2023 Annual Report on Reputational Risk Management and
management information system.                                      Case Studies of China’s Insurance Industry.


(IV) Key risks                                                      2. Strategy risk
In 2024, the Company was exposed to various risks,                  Strategy risk refers to the risk of mismatch between the
including insurance risk, market risk, credit risk, liquidity       strategy and the market environment and/or a company’s
risk, operational risk, reputational risk, strategy risk, capital   realities due to ineffective strategic planning/execution
management risk and group specific risks. For details of            processes or changes in the business environment.
the insurance risk, market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk,
operational risk, and capital management risk, please refer         The Company maintains a robust organisational structure
                                                                    and sound work procedures for strategy risk management.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report
to note XII “Risk management” to the financial statements.
Status of other risks is as follows:                                It formulates strategic objectives and development plans




                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report    139
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       based on factors such as the market environment, its risk       During the reporting period, the Company continued
       appetite and capital position. It conducts Group-wise           to optimise risk limit indicators on major RPTs, further
       risk management in light of its strategy risk appetite. It      standardised RPT data filing and enhanced the overall
       amended rules and policies of strategy risk management          management of related party transactions.
       and development planning, with continued efforts to
       improve relevant work mechanisms. First, it evaluated the       As for risk quarantine, in strict conformity with regulatory
       implementation of strategic planning on a regular basis,        requirements, the Company put in place a risk quarantine
       adjusted and improved its plans in response to changes          system, formulated relevant rules and policies, specified
       to the environment and its own realities. It monitored,         requirements for “risk firewalls” in areas such as corporate
       on a regular basis, the status of implementation of the         management, financial management, fund management,
       strategic planning of its key member companies to ensure        business operation, information management, personnel
       its alignment with the strategic planning and progress of       management, as well as brand & publicity, information
       implementation of the Group. Second, in accordance with         disclosure, related party transactions and guarantee
       C-ROSS II requirements, it put in place and continued to        management; identified risk contagion routes, established
       improve the system of strategy risk management, which           and implemented prudent risk quarantine management
       covered identification, analysis, monitoring and reporting of   mechanisms and measures. During the reporting period,
       strategy risks of the Group and its member companies via        the Company revised and issued Regulations on Risk
       the Group’s integrated control platform and tiered system       Quarantine Management, which helped to update relevant
       of governance. The status of strategy risk management           business rules and policies; assessed, on a regular basis,
       was reported on a regular basis to senior management and        status of risk quarantine management, completed annual
       the board of directors. There was no material strategy risk     assessment report on IT outsourcing as per regulatory
       incidents or limit breaches in 2024.                            requirements; proceeded with self-review of risk quarantine
                                                                       in finance, guarantee and business operation, in a bid to
                                                                       further strengthen the effectiveness of risk quarantine
       3. Group specific risks                                         management.

       Group specific risks faced by the Company include risk          (2) Risk of opaque organizational structure
       contagion, risk of opaque organisational structure,
       concentration risk, and non-insurance risks.                    It refers to the risk that an insurance group’s shareholding
                                                                       structure, management structure, operational process,
       (1) Risk contagion                                              business types, etc. are excessively complex and opaque,
                                                                       which may cause losses to the Group. In strict compliance
       Risk contagion means the risk of one member company
                                                                       with regulatory requirements, the Company revised
       spreading to other member companies of the Group
                                                                       and issued Regulations on Risk Management of Opaque
       through internal transactions or other means, thus causing
                                                                       Organisational Structure in 2024, which set out new
       unexpected losses to the Group or its member companies.
                                                                       mechanisms and requirements in managing the risk of
       The Company strictly controls related party transactions
                                                                       opaque organisational structure of the entire Group. The
       (RPT) with an effective management mechanism for risk
                                                                       status of the risk in 2024 is as follows:
       quarantine to minimise risk contagion. Measures taken in
       2024 and their implementation status are as follows:            As a publicly listed insurance holding group, CPIC maintains
                                                                       clear, transparent shareholding and management structures.
       In terms of related party transaction management, as per
                                                                       There is no breach of limits on levels of shareholding or
       relevant regulatory requirements, the Company has in
                                                                       management hierarchy, nor is there any cross-shareholding
       place, and continuously improves long-term mechanisms
                                                                       or illegal subscription of capital instruments between
       for RPT management, strengthens internal control and
                                                                       its insurance member companies and other associated
       risk management to curb intra-Group risk contagion
                                                                       companies, or between insurance member companies.
       resulting from RPTs, pushes forward the building of RPT
       management systems, minimises errors and enhances               In terms of organisational function, the Group and each of
       data-processing capacity of the entire RPT management           its subsidiaries have established compatible organisational
       process, in a bid to improve full-process, system-driven        structures based on their respective strategic planning and
       management. The Company formulated Regulations on               business development needs, with a management matrix
       Related Party Transactions and its Implementation Rules,        both vertically along corporate functions and horizontally
       established the board Audit and Related Party Transactions      across business units. There is a clear organisational
       Control Committee, set up the cross-departmental Office of      boundary between the Group and its subsidiaries, which
       Related Party Transactions at management level, with clear      helped to avoid either overlapping of or gaps in functions,
       definition of relevant management roles and responsibilities.   or over-centralisation of authority and powers, and helped




140    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Corporate governance
                                                                                                                Corporate governance




to build work mechanisms with clear definition of roles and       In terms of investment by non-insurance member
responsibilities, good coordination and checks and balances.      companies, CPIC has established an equity investment
                                                                  management system for non-insurance areas based on
(3) Concentration risk                                            equity shareholding and corporate governance system. It




                                                                                                                                             Operating results
                                                                  has set up an investment decision-making committee under
Concentration risk refers to the risk of unexpected losses        senior management to organise and coordinate major
for an insurance group as a result of aggregation of              equity investments of its member companies, which helped
individual risks or risk portfolios of member companies at        to ensure that such investments are in compliance with both
the group level. In accordance with relevant regulatory           regulatory requirements and internal policies of the Group,
requirements, CPIC formulates policies on concentration           and are aligned with the risk appetite and risk limits of the
risk management, regularly identifies, evaluates, monitors        Company in non-insurance areas.
and reports on different types of concentration risk along
4 dimensions, i.e., transaction counter-parties, underlying       In management of its non-insurance business, CPIC strictly
industries of investment assets, customers and business, and      complies with relevant regulations, and regularly evaluates
their sub-dimensions, so as to prevent or mitigate material       the risk exposure of non-insurance investments and their
adverse effects of concentration risk on the solvency or          impact on solvency, with findings reported to the board of
liquidity of the Group. In 2024, the Company revised and          directors. It also monitors the alignment of non-insurance
issued Regulations on Concentration Risks Management,             business and the Group’s overall strategic direction, with




                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
which refined rules and policies of concentration risk            timely assessment and adjustment, if necessary, of the
management along all dimensions.                                  development strategies of its non-insurance business. The
                                                                  Company has also set up asset and liquidity quarantine
CPIC has a risk limit indicators system for concentration risk,   mechanisms between its insurance and non-insurance
covering all the four dimensions and their sub-dimensions,        member companies to ensure that investments in
and uses the system to regularly evaluate the status              non-insurance member companies will not harm the
of concentration risk on each dimension. During the               interests of policyholders.
reporting period, the overall concentration risk status was
in the comfort zone. There was no breach of limits on any         In 2024, the Company reshaped its non-insurance
dimension, nor occurrence of concentration risk incidents         management system, issued Regulations on Non-Insurance
which may pose a material threat to the solvency or liquidity     Businesses, Regulations on Management of Non-Insurance
of the Company.                                                   Subsidiaries and Policies on Non-Insurance Risk
                                                                  Management, striving to strengthen oversight of
Based on realities of its business operation and its risk         non-insurance business of the Group in an all-around way
profiles, the Company focuses on the concentration risk           through enhanced systems and mechanisms, policies and
relating to investment counter-parties and regularly assesses




                                                                                                                                             Other information
                                                                  processes, responsibility and accountability, and supporting
the concentration of investment assets with credit risk           tools.
exposure, as well as the credit risk and financial situation of
its major counter-parties. During the reporting period, the
Company’s major investment counter-parties maintained
stable ratings, with related concentration risk under control.

(4) Non-insurance risk
The Company is positioned as “a pure insurance player”,
and therefore its non-insurance business and investments
focus on areas of health care, elderly care and technology,
which aims to promote synergy across industries, boost the
supply of insurance products and related services, foster
competitive edge in niche markets and ultimately improve
its overall competitiveness. The Company strictly complies




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
with relevant regulatory rules and regulations, prudently
manages investment activities in non-insurance fields,
and constantly monitors and prevents adverse effects of
operating activities of non-insurance member companies
on the solvency of the Group and its insurance member
companies.




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report    141
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       6
                                                                       trigger regulatory penalties, enhanced risk early warning,
                                                                       optimised control measures via increased use of IT systems.
                                                                       The Company implemented new regulations for operational
                                                                       risk supervision and formulated Regulations on Operational
                                                                       Risk Management as per latest regulatory requirements,
                                                                       which defined the organisational structure of the Group
                                                                       in operation risk management and conducted training
                                                                       programmes accordingly. In terms of digital empowerment,
       Internal control                                                the Company launched a new risk control data platform
                                                                       which integrates big data analytics, AI models and low-code
                                                                       tools into internal control operational processes and risk
       The Company has always been committed to establishing           surveillance scenarios, adding value through intelligent
       and improving sound internal control systems as per             internal control.
       regulatory requirements to help achieve sustainable growth
       and fulfill internal control objectives such as reasonable      In 2025, under the guidance of the Third Plenum of the
       assurance of compliance and legality of its operation, safety   20th CPC Central Committee, Central Financial Work
       of assets, truthfulness and completeness of financial reports   Conference and the New “10-Point Guidelines” for insurance
       and relevant information, improved business efficiency          industry, we will strive for progress while maintaining
       and performance, and successful execution of business           stable performance, focus on the 5 “Financial Priorities”,
       strategies. The board of the Company is responsible for         persist in the “look-through” approach for risks while
       establishing and improving internal control and its effective   ensuring compliance at front-line business units via system
       implementation, reviewing the organisational structure          control, implement the decisions of the Board of Directors,
       and important policies of internal control, reviewing           accelerate the building of next-generation risk management
       the handling of major risk events, as well as regularly         systems, refine the differentiated, tiered control mechanisms
       assessing the soundness, rationality and effectiveness of       of the Group, adopt a “hub-and-spoke” approach to extend
       the Company’s internal control. The internal control system     the reach of internal control among front-line business units,
       can only provide reasonable, not absolute warrant against       explore integration of operational risk management with
       material misrepresentations or losses. The purpose of           internal control to support high-quality development.
       formulating an internal control system is to manage, not
       to eliminate, the risk of not being able to meet business       Pursuant to the Internal Audit Working Rules for Insurance
       objectives. The board of supervisors is responsible for         Institutions (CIRC [2015] No. 113), Regulations on Internal
       oversight of the establishment and implementation of the        Audit of the National Audit Office of China (CNAO [2018] No.
       Company’s internal control system by the board of directors.    11), and its Articles of Association, the Company implements
       The Management Committee is responsible for establishing        an internal audit system under the direct leadership of the
       and improving the organisational structure of the Company,      Board of Directors and under the guidance and oversight
       improving the internal control system, as well as for           of the board Audit and Related Party Transactions Control
       managing the daily operation of the internal control system     Committee. It adopts centralised management of internal
       as per decisions of the board of directors.                     audit (IA) and has set up an Internal Audit Centre at its
                                                                       headquarters with full-time personnel performing internal
       In 2024, the Company continued to optimise its internal         audit of the Group. Such personnel are also commissioned
       control system by focusing on key projects and key tasks,       to conduct internal audit of the Group’s subsidiaries.
       promoted full integration of internal control into business     Therefore, subsidiaries no longer have needs for internal
       management to ensure that the system is complete, fully         audit departments or positions. The Chairman of CPIC Group
       controlled, and effectively implemented. It coordinated         is in charge of internal audit of the Company; Chief Internal
       self-assessment of risk identification and control of the       Auditor of the Group is also the Internal Audit Responsible
       Group and its subsidiaries, optimised norms on conduct          Person of the Group, responsible for organising its internal
       of primary-level branch offices to strengthen integrated        audit work.
       internal control. Enhanced operational and criminal case risk
       prevention mechanisms, conducted risk screening targeting       In 2024, based on the annual work plan for internal audit
       key areas and execution of key risk control measures.           of the Company, the Internal Audit Centre continued
       Pushed for centralised control within the Group so that         to implement the 3-Year Action Plan for High-Quality
       formulation, amendments and repeal of relevant policies         Development of Internal Audit (2023-2025); proactively
       and regulations can be aligned with optimisation of internal    aligned itself with development strategies of the
       control processes, which will facilitate enforcement of rules   Company, coordinated efforts to build an internal control
       and processes. Addressed pain points and long-standing          framework which encompasses “internal control audits,
       issues in regulatory compliance, organised risk screening       specialised audits, economic responsibility audits, and
       by insurance subsidiaries of high-risk areas which may          thematic research”, with improved operational efficiency,
                                                                       better project quality and timely completion of all IA



142    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Corporate governance
                                                                                                                Corporate governance




                                                                 7
projects according to plan; launched the “Spark Initiative”
to enhance IA efficiency, developed an integrated IA
data platform, deployed “Digital IA Employees”, and
promoted technological innovation and empowerment;




                                                                                                                                             Operating results
strengthened communication, including communication
on key issues and gaps, continued to optimise work
mechanisms for “change of hands” and “collaboration”,
assisted in establishing a new paradigm of “integrated risk
control and oversight”; promoted people exchange and
enhanced training to improve team competence and instill
                                                                 Management and
a sense of responsibility, in a bid to further improve the
effectiveness of IA programmes. In 2024, internal audit of       control of subsidiaries
the Company detected no systemic deficiencies or major
risks in its business operation, which was corroborated          In light of Group strategic objectives, the Company
by high regulatory ratings of both the Group and its main        strengthened strategic management and control of its
subsidiaries. On June 20, CPIC was elected member of the         subsidiaries. While maintaining the operational autonomy
8th Standing Council of the China Institute of Internal Audit,   of its subsidiaries as independent legal entities, it continued
solidifying its industry leadership.                             to improve relevant policies and work mechanisms based




                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
                                                                 on the strategic positioning and business realities of each
In accordance with the Basic Standards for Enterprise
                                                                 subsidiary, and gradually built a compatible, highly-efficient,
Internal Control and its supplementary guidelines as well
                                                                 tiered and differentiated management model. While
as other applicable rules and regulations, the internal
                                                                 ensuring effective Group-wide control, the Company
control system and evaluation methods of the Company,
                                                                 increased management responsibility of its subsidiaries.
and on top of their daily as well as ad hoc internal control
oversight, the internal audit departments of the Company         Based on the strategic positioning and responsibilities of
led the assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s         CPIC Group and its subsidiaries, each subsidiary conducts
internal control as at 31 December 2024 (the baseline date       business under the guidelines of “optimising Group-level
for internal control assessment report). Based on findings of    resource allocation, creating synergy and promoting the
the assessment, as of the baseline date there were no major      development of the core insurance business”. The Company
deficiencies in the Company’s internal control for financial     pursued coordinated development within the Group. Based
reporting. The board of directors believes that the Company      on the priorities and paths of Group strategic control, it
maintained effective internal control for financial reporting    intensified effort to cascade Group strategies down the
in all major aspects as per requirements of the internal         organisation, and defined business strategies and key




                                                                                                                                             Other information
control system and relevant regulations. Based on findings       tasks of each subsidiary with follow-ups on a regular basis;
of the assessment, as of the baseline date there were no         leveraged the Group KPI system to ensure the fulfillment of
major deficiencies in the Company’s internal control for         the Group’s overall strategic goals as well as business targets
non-financial reporting. There were no factors which may         of its subsidiaries. In compliance with regulatory solvency
affect these conclusions regarding the internal control          requirements for insurance groups/insurance companies,
effectiveness between the baseline date and the date of the      the Group continued to maintain de facto control of its key
issuance of the internal control assessment report.              business segments and major decisions of key subsidiaries,
                                                                 further enhanced equity management and continuously
The Company’s external auditors also issued an audit
                                                                 improved the integrated risk management system to boost
report on the Company’s internal control, which is of
                                                                 risk management capabilities.
the opinion that as of 31 December 2024, the Company
maintained effective internal control in all major aspects for
financial reporting in compliance with the Basic Standards
for Enterprise Internal Control and the supplementary
guidelines as well as other applicable rules and regulations.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
For details please refer to the 2024 Annual Internal Control
Assessment Report and the 2024 Annual Internal Control
Audit Report issued by the external auditor as disclosed on
the website of SSE (www.sse.com.cn).




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report    143
      Corporate governance
      Corporate governance




       8
       Changes to Articles of Association
       In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, such as the Company Law and the Code of Corporate Governance for
       Insurance Institutions, the Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies, and in view of its realities, the
       Company amended relevant documents including the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for Shareholders’
       Meeting, the Rules of Procedures for Board Meetings and the Rules of Procedures for Board of Supervisors Meetings.
       On 29 February 2024, the Company held the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024, at which the afore-mentioned
       amendments were considered and approved. In May of 2024, NFRA approved such amendments. The Company afterwards
       made further amendments to the Articles of Association, and such amendments were reviewed and approved by the 2023
       Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 6 June 2024, and subsequently by NFRA in September 2024.




       9
       Corporate culture
       We are committed to fostering an enabling, consistent corporate culture that supports China’s national development
       strategies and priorities, puts people first and facilitates their pursuit of a better life. We are fully aware that corporate culture
       is the “soul” of a company, a sustained driver of development and a bond of unity and cohesion. We have put in place a
       complete system of corporate culture along multiple dimensions such as mission, vision and core values. Our mission is to
       become “a responsible insurance company”; our goal of “building CPIC into a top-notch insurance and financial group with
       global influence”; our core values can be summarised as “Integrity, Prudence, Pursuit of Excellence, Innovation & Win-win
       Outcome”; our branding catchphrase is “Contribute a drop of water everyday and you can receive an ocean of help in times
       of need”. We make sustained efforts in advocacy of corporate culture, with on-the-ground practice by all employees. That
       helps with our strategic transformation and empowers our sustainable, high-quality development.

       We put statements into practice and integrated corporate culture into our day-to-day business operation. For details please
       refer to chapters of “Chairman’s statement” and “Business overview”.




144    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Environmental and social responsibility
      Corporate governance
      Environmental and social responsibility




      1
       Hiring policy
       CPIC strictly abides by relevant Chinese laws and regulations such as the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China and
       Labour Contracts Law of the People’s Republic of China, committed to providing equal opportunities of employment and
       career development to all employees. In 2024, it signed labour contracts with 100% of its employees and made social insurance
       contributions for all of them. There was no cases of discrimination in employment, child labour or forced labour.

       The Company put in place diversified, multi-tiered career advancement paths across different tribes. It encouraged job rotation
       across subsidiaries/branches, corporate functions and departments, adopted a hierarchical position management system with
       corresponding incentive mechanisms, in a bid to broaden avenues of career development. The Company introduced the Trainee
       Director Programme, launched the first phase of “Leading Financial Services Experts” project and stepped up coaching of young
       talent. It implemented internal “competitive selection” for key posts/positions, while enhancing contract-based management of
       top talent recruited from the market to optimise the incentive and constraint system.

       The Company values diversity and is committed to providing equal opportunities for all employees based on their cultural
       backgrounds or professional experience, irrespective of their ethnicity or geographies; it amended the Employee Code of
       Conduct, conducted anti-discrimination training to eliminate all kinds of discrimination or harassment on workplaces due
       to races, geographies, gender, physical disability or nationality. It respects differences in people’s abilities, providing equal
       opportunities and even a better platform of communication for employees with disabilities. It seeks to enhance employee
       diversity and has set numerical targets for inclusive recruitment, such as the number of women, ex-servicemen and people of
       ethnic minorities.




       2
       Supply-chain management
       The Company continued to improve its supplier management system, drafted Regulations on Suppliers Management and
       Interim Rules on ESG Management of Supply Chains and built effective work mechanisms. As for procurement and supply-chain
       management, it formulated standards for supplier access and implemented a supplier evaluation and ratings system to ensure
       efficiency and compliance in supply chains; it steadily promoted digitalisation, striving to build an integrated supply-chain
       management system of access, evaluation and procurement.

       In supplier access, CPIC strictly abides by national laws and regulations and its own policies, follows the principles of openness,
       fairness, equity, competition and profitability while giving priority to suppliers with green products. Interested vendors shall
       register with procurement departments of the Company, made ESG commitment and signed the Supplier Statement, which
       required suppliers to provide products and services that fully comply with ESG principles of the Company, establish green
       supply-chain management system, ensure employee rights, guarantee employee health and work-place safety, and abide by
       norms in compliance and commercial ethics.




146    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Corporate governance
                                                                                                   Environmental and social responsibility




In supplier evaluation, the Company conducts an annual review of suppliers, including on-site inspection for key suppliers,
with mechanisms for reward and exits based on results of the evaluation to minimise the risk exposure of its supply chain. In
2024, it had 576 suppliers under the centralised procurement system.

In green procurement, it strives to increase the share of environmental-friendly products, with rigorous review of status of




                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
ISO 14001 certification and product energy-consumption grading among suppliers. It vigorously explored inclusion of full
life-cycle costs of a product in decision-making process.




3
                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
Eco-friendly operation
CPIC released the Carbon Inventory Management Rules for Operations to standardise its carbon inventory workflow;
upgraded the emission factor database and unified its carbon emissions accounting standards based on national and
industry standards, and strengthened the management of carbon emissions data.

Carbon footprint management platform. For carbon data management, we independently developed and launched a
platform to manage ESG carbon footprints on the operational side which supports regular platform-based reporting across
Group headquarters and its seven subsidiaries. We upgraded the emission factor database and unified the Group’s carbon
emissions accounting standards based on national and industry standards.

Tan Pu Hui (carbon inclusive) platform We continued to roll out the CPIC Tan Pu Hui platform for inclusive carbon
management, which is a new way for users to pursue a low-carbon lifestyle and contribute to the “dual-carbon objectives”.
By the end of 2024, the system had been rolled out in 40 branch offices of the Company, covering 333 nationwide cities, with




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
more than 530,000 users cumulatively.

Green office. In compliance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s
Republic of China, the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China and Guidelines on Green Operation of
Self-Use Headquarters Properties of CPIC Group, we incorporated “green development, energy conservation and emissions
reduction” into our daily operation, with development of relevant KPIs. We focused on smart building construction, energy
efficiency management, resource conservation, energy-saving technology application, green travel and low-carbon office/
life, so as to boost sustainable development.

The Company is not in a high-pollution industry and its main business activities do not have any material negative impact on
the ecological environment and natural resources. In 2024, the Company strictly complied with environmental regulations
and incurred no penalties due to environmental violations, nor did it receive any complaints about environmental issues.

For details of the Company’s fulfillment of social responsibilities, please refer to 2024 Sustainability Report of the Company
published on the website of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn), SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk) and LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com).




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report      147
Other
Information
                            Other information
                            Documents available for inspection   151




150   China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Documents available for inspection




                            2024 Annual Report   151
      Other information
      Documents available for inspection




      1
       Original copy of the signed auditor’s report
       from the accounting firm and the audited
       consolidated financial statements



       2
       Original copies of all publicly disclosed
       announcements and documents of the Company
       during the reporting period



       3
       Annual reports disclosed in other security
       markets




152    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
Financial
report
CONTENTS
AUDITOR’S REPORT                              P1
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated balance sheet                    P5
Consolidated income statement                 P7
Consolidated statement of changes in equity   P9
Consolidated cash flow statement              P11
Company balance sheet                         P13
Company income statement                      P14
Company statement of changes in equity        P15
Company cash flow statement                   P16
Notes to the financial statements             P17
APPENDIX: SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO
             THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Net asset return and earnings per share       A1
                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Report




Auditor’s Report
                                                          Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2025) Shen Zi No. 70015004_B01




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.


To the shareholders of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.,


(I) Opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter “CPIC”),
which comprise the consolidated and company balance sheets as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated and company
income statements, the consolidated and company statements of changes in equity and the consolidated and company cash
flow statements for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated and company’s




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
financial position of CPIC as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated and company’s financial performance and cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (“CASs”).

(II) Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing (“CSAs”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are
independent of CPIC in accordance with China Code of Ethics for Certified Public Accountants (the “Code”), and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

(III) Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.




                                                                                                                                            Other information
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures
designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our
audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion
on the accompanying financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report     1
    Financial Report
    Auditor’s Report




      Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter
      Valuation of insurance contract liabilities

      As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of CPIC’s         With the support of our internal experts, we performed relevant audit procedures, which
      insurance contract liabilities was RMB 2,229.5 billion,       mainly included the following:
      representing 89% of the total liabilities. We identified
      the valuation of insurance contract liabilities as a key      ● Reviewed CPIC’s accounting policies in relation to the valuation of insurance contract
      audit matter, as it requires significant estimations and        liabilities, including tests of significant insurance risk, the level of aggregation,
      judgements.                                                     recognition and valuation of insurance contracts, etc.

      The valuation of insurance contract liabilities involves      ● Understood, evaluated and tested the management’s design and operating effectiveness
      significant judgements and estimates over the level of          of relevant internal controls over the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, including
      aggregation of insurance contracts, the appropriateness of      the internal controls over determination and approval of key assumptions, data collection
      the measurement approach, the determination of coverage         and analysis, the IT systems, IT general controls, data transmission between systems and
      units and the uncertain future cash flows.                      computation, etc. in relation to the valuation of insurance contract liabilities.

      The valuation of insurance contract liabilities also          ● Tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the valuation of
      involves the application of complex actuarial models,           insurance contract liabilities.
      and a high degree of judgement and estimation is used
      by management in determining assumptions as well.
                                                                    ● Evaluated key assumptions used in the valuation of insurance contract liabilities
                                                                      by comparison with CPIC’s historical data and applicable industry experiences and
      Key assumptions used in measuring insurance contract            considering the reasonableness of the relevant management’s judgements.
      liabilities include mortality, morbidity, surrender rates,
      discount rates, expenses assumptions, loss ratios, policy     ● Assessed the appropriateness of the valuation approaches of insurance contract
      dividends assumptions and risk adjustment for non-              liabilities, reviewed by performing procedures such as independent recalculation of
      financial risk, etc.                                            insurance contract liabilities of selected major typical insurance products or groups of
                                                                      insurance contracts.
      Relevant disclosures are included in Note III 20, Note III
      30, Note VI 24 and Note XII 1 of the financial statements.    ● Evaluated the overall reasonableness of the insurance contract liabilities by analysing
                                                                      the movements of insurance contract liabilities during the reporting period and assessing
                                                                      the impact of key changes.

      Valuation of level 3 investments measured at fair value

      As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of CPIC’s         We performed relevant audit procedures which mainly included the following:
      level 3 investments measured at fair value was RMB 559.5
      billion, representing 20% of the total assets.                ● Understood, evaluated and tested the key controls over the investment valuation process
                                                                      including management’s determination and approval of assumptions and methodologies
      We identified the valuation of level 3 investments              used in model-based calculations, controls over data integrity and choice for internally
      measured at fair value as a key audit matter, as they           operated valuation models and management’s review of valuation inputs provided by
      were measured based on valuation models and inputs              data vendors.
      and assumptions that are not directly observable. The
      valuation involved significant management judgement           ● The audit procedures related to the measurement of level 3 investments measured at fair
      and the inherent risk in relation to the valuation of level     value:
      3 investments measured at fair value was considered           – Assessed valuation model methodologies against industry practice and valuation
      significant.                                                    guidelines;
      Relevant disclosures are included in Note III 28, Note III    – Compared assumptions used against appropriate public third party pricing sources such
      30 and Note XV to the financial statements.                     as public stocks price and bond yields;

                                                                    – Performed independent check of the valuation results of selected illiquid investments by
                                                                      using inputs from external sources that were not directly observable.


     (IV) Other information
     The management of CPIC is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
     in the Annual Report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
     Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
     conclusion thereon.
     In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
     consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
     the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




2    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Report




(V) Responsibilities of the management and those charged with governance for the financial statements
The management of CPIC is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
with CASs, and for designing, implementing and maintaining such internal control as the management determines is
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing CPIC’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the management either intends to liquidate CPIC or to cease operations or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing CPIC’s financial reporting process.

(VI) Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with CSAs will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are generally considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
As part of an audit in accordance with CSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
(1)   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
      and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
      provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
      for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.
(2)   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances.
(3)   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the management.
(4)   Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
      audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
      doubt on the CPIC’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are




                                                                                                                                            Other information
      required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
      the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause CPIC to cease to continue as a going
      concern.
(5)   Evaluate the overall presentation (including the disclosures), structure and content of the financial statements, and
      whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
      presentation.
(6)   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within CPIC to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
      performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report     3
    Financial Report
    Auditor’s Report




     (VI) Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued)
     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
     to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
     describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
     in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
     consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




     Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP                                     Chinese Certified Public Accountant:              Guo Hangxiang
                                                                    (Engagement partner)


                                                                    Chinese Certified Public Accountant:                 Wang Ziqing




                       Beijing,
     The People’s Republic of China                                                                                    26 March 2025




4    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                   (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


ASSETS                                                                   Note VI             31 December 2024                   31 December 2023

Cash at bank and on hand                                                       1                         29,357                            31,455

Derivative financial assets                                                    2                             26                                 17

Securities purchased under agreements to resell                                3                         10,905                              2,808

Term deposits                                                                  4                        173,818                           165,501

Financial investments:                                                                                2,482,029                          2,009,336

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       5                        667,199                           581,602

   Financial assets at amortised cost                                          6                         64,844                            82,334




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income           7                      1,607,972                          1,247,435

   Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income         8                        142,014                            97,965

Insurance contract assets                                                     24                             22                                335

Reinsurance contract assets                                                   25                         46,081                            39,754

Long-term equity investments                                                   9                         22,520                            23,184

Restricted statutory deposits                                                 10                          6,851                              7,105

Investment properties                                                         11                          8,951                            10,667

Fixed assets                                                                  12                         20,255                            18,925

Construction in progress                                                      13                          2,489                              2,459

Right-of-use assets                                                           14                          2,921                              3,365

Intangible assets                                                             15                          7,347                              7,117

Goodwill                                                                      16                          1,357                              1,357




                                                                                                                                                            Other information
Deferred income tax assets                                                    17                          3,464                              7,076

Other assets                                                                  18                         16,514                            13,501

TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                          2,834,907                          2,343,962




                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   5
    Financial Report
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)




     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)
     AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                              (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


      LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                    Note VI                  31 December 2024                   31 December 2023

      Derivative financial liabilities                                               2                                  96                                 21

      Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                20                             181,695                            115,819

      Premium received in advance                                                                                   18,044                             17,026

      Employee benefits payable                                                     21                              10,169                              9,247

      Taxes payable                                                                 22                               2,480                              3,536

      Bonds payable                                                                 23                              10,286                             10,285

      Insurance contract liabilities                                                24                           2,229,514                          1,872,620

      Commission and brokerage payable                                                                               5,942                              5,861

      Insurance premium reserves                                                                                       129                                251

      Lease liabilities                                                                                              2,722                              3,095

      Deferred income tax liabilities                                               17                               7,362                              1,119

      Other liabilities                                                             26                              47,987                             37,378

      Total liabilities                                                                                          2,516,426                          2,076,258

      Issued capital                                                                27                               9,620                              9,620

      Capital reserves                                                              28                              79,948                             79,950

      Other comprehensive income                                                    48                              14,917                              7,992

      Surplus reserves                                                              29                               5,114                              5,114

      General reserves                                                              30                              29,928                             25,462

      Retained profits                                                              31                             151,890                            121,448

      Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent                                                            291,417                            249,586

      Non-controlling interests                                                     32                              27,064                             18,118

      Total equity                                                                                                 318,481                            267,704

      TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                                               2,834,907                          2,343,962




     The financial statements are signed by the persons below:



                 FU Fan                                   SU Gang                                       XU Zhen
                 Legal representative                     Principal in charge of accounting             Head of accounting department




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




6    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT




CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                   (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                      Note VI                              2024                              2023

Operating income                                                                                        404,089                           323,945

   Insurance revenue                                                          33                        279,473                           266,167

   Interest income                                                            34                         55,991                            58,262

   Investment income                                                          35                         26,907                              7,053

     Including: Share of losses of associates and joint ventures                                           (540)                              (386)

                Gains on derecognition of financial assets measured
                                                                                                             27                                  –
                  at amortised cost




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
   Other income                                                                                             257                                251

   Gains/(losses) arising from changes in fair value                          36                         37,713                            (11,712)

   Exchange (losses)/gains                                                                                  (64)                               159

   Other operating income                                                     37                          3,810                              3,742

   Gains on disposal of assets                                                38                              2                                 23

Operating expenses                                                                                     (348,378)                         (291,885)

   Insurance service expenses                                                                          (243,147)                         (231,023)

   Allocation of reinsurance premiums                                                                   (15,891)                           (15,838)

   Less: Recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers                                        14,466                            14,399

   Insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued                  39                        (92,520)                           (46,741)

   Less: Reinsurance finance income for reinsurance contracts held            39                          2,103                              1,174

   Changes in insurance premium reserves                                                                    116                                 35




                                                                                                                                                            Other information
   Interest expenses                                                          40                         (2,728)                            (2,628)

   Commission and brokerage expenses                                                                        (56)                                (7)

   Taxes and surcharges                                                       41                           (439)                              (445)

   Operating and administrative expenses                                      42                         (8,239)                            (7,397)

   Impairment losses on financial assets                                      43                           (531)                            (2,013)

   Impairment losses on other assets                                                                       (406)                              (253)

   Other operating expenses                                                   44                         (1,106)                            (1,148)

Operating profit                                                                                         55,711                            32,060

   Add: Non-operating income                                                  45                             86                                136

   Less: Non-operating expenses                                               46                           (234)                              (195)

Profit before tax                                                                                        55,563                            32,001

   Less: Income tax                                                           47                         (9,122)                            (4,090)

Net profit                                                                                               46,441                            27,911




                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
   Classified by continuity of operations:

     Net profit from continuing operations                                                               46,441                            27,911

     Net profit from discontinued operations                                                                  –                                  –

   Classified by ownership of the equity:

     Attributable to shareholders of the parent                                                          44,960                            27,257

     Non-controlling interests                                                                            1,481                                654




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   7
    Financial Report
    CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (continued)




     CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
     (continued)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                        (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                             Note VI                            2024                               2023

      Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                            48

        Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be reclassified to
                                                                                                               4,775                                400
          profit or loss:

           Changes in the fair value of equity investments at
                                                                                                               6,035                              1,089
             fair value through other comprehensive income

           Insurance finance income/(expenses) for insurance contracts
                                                                                                               (1,260)                             (689)
             issued that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

        Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will be reclassified to
                                                                                                               2,025                              1,152
          profit or loss:

           Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) that will be
             reclassified to profit or loss of investees accounted for                                              3                               (54)
             using the equity method

           Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at
                                                                                                             105,022                             36,592
             fair value through other comprehensive income

           Changes in provisions for credit risks of debt instruments at
                                                                                                                 220                                925
             fair value through other comprehensive income

           Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                              23                                 15

           Insurance finance income/(expenses) for insurance contracts
                                                                                                            (103,211)                           (36,321)
             issued that will be reclassified to profit or loss

           Insurance finance income/(expenses) for reinsurance contracts
                                                                                                                  (32)                               (5)
             held that will be reclassified to profit or loss

        Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                      6,800                              1,552

      Total comprehensive income                                                                              53,241                             29,463

        Attributable to shareholders of the parent                                                            51,646                             28,785

        Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                              1,595                                678

      Earnings per share                                                           49

        Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                                                 4.67                              2.83

        Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                                                               4.67                              2.83




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




8    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY

                                                                                                                                                                       Operating results
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                         (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                                                   2024

                                                                   Attributable to shareholders of the parent
                                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                                           Other                                                                        Total
                                              Issued     Capital                        Surplus   General       Retained               controlling
                                                                   comprehensive                                          Sub-total                    equity
                                              capital   reserves                       reserves   reserves        profits                interests
                                                                         income

Balance at the beginning of year               9,620     79,950              7,992       5,114     25,462       121,448     249,586        18,118    267,704

Movements in the current year                      –         (2)             6,925            –      4,466       30,442      41,831         8,946     50,777




                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance
   Net profit                                      –          –                  –            –           –      44,960      44,960         1,481     46,441

   Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                                                   –          –              6,686            –           –            –      6,686           114       6,800
     (Note VI 48)

   Total comprehensive income                      –          –              6,686            –           –      44,960      51,646         1,595     53,241

   Other equity changes caused by equity
                                                   –          1                  –            –           –            –          1             –           1
     method accounting

   Capital invested and reduced by holders         –         (3)                 –            –           –            –         (3)        8,002       7,999

     Capital invested by other equity
                                                   –         (3)                 –            –           –            –         (3)        8,002       7,999
       instrument holders

   Profit distribution                             –          –                  –            –      4,466       (14,279)    (9,813)         (651)   (10,464)

     Appropriations to general reserves            –          –                  –            –      4,466        (4,466)         –             –           –

     Profit distribution to shareholders           –          –                  –            –           –       (9,813)    (9,813)         (231)   (10,044)

     Profit distribution to other equity
                                                   –          –                  –            –           –            –          –          (420)       (420)
       instrument holders




                                                                                                                                                                       Other information
   Transfer of other comprehensive
                                                   –          –                239            –           –        (239)          –             –           –
     income to retained profits

Balance at the end of year                     9,620     79,948            14,917        5,114     29,928       151,890     291,417        27,064    318,481

As at 31 December 2024, the balance of retained profits of the Group included RMB 1,816 million of the surplus reserves
appropriated by the subsidiaries during the year and attributable to the parent.




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report



The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report   9
     Financial Report
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (continued)




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
      EQUITY (continued)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                                  (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                                                             2023

                                                                             Attributable to shareholders of the parent
                                                                                                                                                       Non-
                                                                                    Other                                                                        Total
                                                        Issued      Capital                       Surplus    General      Retained               controlling
                                                                            comprehensive                                           Sub-total                   equity
                                                        capital    reserves                      reserves    reserves       profits                interests
                                                                                  income

       Balance at the beginning of year                  9,620      79,665             6,470       5,114      22,692      106,768     230,329         5,710    236,039

       Movements in the current year                           –      285              1,522            –       2,770      14,680      19,257        12,408     31,665

         Net profit                                            –         –                 –            –           –      27,257      27,257           654     27,911

         Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                                                               –         –             1,528            –           –            –      1,528            24      1,552
           (Note VI 48)

         Total comprehensive income                            –         –             1,528            –           –      27,257      28,785           678     29,463

         Other equity changes caused by equity
                                                               –      285                  –            –           –            –       285              6       291
           method accounting

         Capital invested and reduced by holders               –         –                 –            –           –            –          –        11,998     11,998

            Capital invested by other equity
                                                               –         –                 –            –           –            –          –        11,998     11,998
              instrument holders

         Profit distribution                                   –         –                 –            –       2,770      (12,583)    (9,813)         (274)   (10,087)

            Appropriations to general reserves                 –         –                 –            –       2,770       (2,770)         –             –          –

            Profit distribution to shareholders                –         –                 –            –           –       (9,813)    (9,813)         (274)   (10,087)

         Transfer of other comprehensive
                                                               –         –                (6)           –           –            6          –             –          –
           income to retained profits

       Balance at the end of year                        9,620      79,950             7,992       5,114      25,462      121,448     249,586        18,118    267,704

      As at 31 December 2023, the balance of retained profits of the Group included RMB 3,055 million of the surplus reserves
      appropriated by the subsidiaries during the year and attributable to the parent.




      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




10    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT




CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                                                                                             Operating results
                                                                                   (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                        Note VI                            2024                              2023

Cash flows from operating activities

   Cash received from premium of insurance contracts issued                                             482,537                           452,282

   Net cash received from reinsurance contracts issued                                                        –                                485

   Net decrease in policy loans                                                                             521                              1,778

   Refund of taxes and surcharges                                                                           107                                 21

   Cash received relating to other operating activities                                                   7,799                              6,848

   Sub-total of cash inflows                                                                            490,964                           461,414




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
   Cash paid for claims under insurance contracts issued                                               (189,571)                         (180,230)

   Net cash paid under reinsurance contracts issued                                                      (1,965)                                 –

   Net cash paid under reinsurance contracts held                                                        (5,353)                            (6,542)

   Cash paid for commission and brokerage expenses                                                      (34,715)                           (33,701)

   Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                                              (26,393)                           (26,623)

   Payments of taxes and surcharges                                                                     (10,226)                           (11,756)

   Cash paid relating to other operating activities                           50                        (68,337)                           (64,699)

   Sub-total of cash outflows                                                                          (336,560)                         (323,551)

   Net cash flows from operating activities                                   52                        154,404                           137,863

Cash flows from investing activities

   Cash received from disposal of investments                                                           728,928                           557,301

   Cash received from returns on investments and interest income                                         66,702                            73,860




                                                                                                                                                             Other information
   Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and other business
                                                                                                            168                              2,559
     entities

   Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets
                                                                                                             36                                181
     and other long-term assets

   Sub-total of cash inflows                                                                            795,834                           633,901

   Cash paid to acquire investments                                                                  (1,001,338)                         (788,828)

   Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other business entities                                       (241)                            (1,269)

   Cash paid to acquire fixed assets, intangible assets and other
                                                                                                         (3,878)                            (3,988)
     long-term assets

   Cash paid relating to other investing activities                                                        (277)                            (1,173)

   Sub-total of cash outflows                                                                        (1,005,734)                         (795,258)

   Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                         (209,900)                         (161,357)




                                                                                                                                                             Financial report




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   11
     Financial Report
     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (continued)




      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      (continued)
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                         (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                            Note VI                              2024                               2023

       Cash flows from financing activities

         Cash received from capital contributions                                                               8,000                             11,998

         Cash received from bonds issued                                                                             –                             9,998

         Increase in securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net                                       64,572                                  –

         Cash received relating to other financing activities                       50                         16,058                             10,649

         Sub-total of cash inflows                                                                             88,630                             32,645

         Cash repayments of borrowings                                                                          (8,260)                          (10,782)

         Cash payments for distribution of dividends, profits or interest
                                                                                                              (13,014)                           (12,444)
           expenses

         Decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net                                             –                            (4,145)

         Cash paid relating to other financing activities                           50                          (6,020)                           (1,980)

         Sub-total of cash outflows                                                                           (27,294)                           (29,351)

         Net cash flows from financing activities                                                              61,336                              3,294

       Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                               93                                131

       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         52                          5,933                            (20,069)

         Add: Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year               51,52                           33,740                             53,809

       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                            51,52                           39,673                             33,740




      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




12    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                     Financial Report
                                                                                                                                COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                                                                                               Operating results
                                                                                     (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


ASSETS                                                                   Note VIII             31 December 2024                   31 December 2023

Cash at bank and on hand                                                        1                           5,163                              6,286

Term deposits                                                                   2                           6,997                              5,457

Financial investments:                                                                                     57,394                            55,550

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        3                          22,725                            17,255

   Financial assets at amortised cost                                           4                           8,301                            12,644

   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income            5                          21,729                            23,140

   Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income          6                           4,639                              2,511




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance
Long-term equity investments                                                    7                          70,213                            71,250

Investment properties                                                           8                           2,131                              3,123

Fixed assets                                                                                                1,840                              1,035

Construction in progress                                                                                        3                                  3

Right-of-use assets                                                                                           288                                371

Intangible assets                                                                                             267                                237

Deferred income tax assets                                                                                      –                                 64

Other assets                                                                    9                             561                                470

Total assets                                                                                              144,857                           143,846

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                 10                             910                              2,026

Employee benefits payable                                                                                     244                                244




                                                                                                                                                               Other information
Taxes payable                                                                                                  13                                103

Lease liabilities                                                                                             329                                416

Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                               475                                  –

Other liabilities                                                              11                             780                                778

Total liabilities                                                                                           2,751                              3,567

Issued capital                                                                                              9,620                              9,620

Capital reserves                                                               12                          79,312                            79,312

Other comprehensive income                                                     14                           1,260                                423

Surplus reserves                                                                                            4,810                              4,810

Retained profits                                                                                           47,104                            46,114

Total equity                                                                                              142,106                           140,279

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                                              144,857                           143,846




                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   13
     Financial Report
     COMPANY INCOME STATEMENT




      COMPANY INCOME STATEMENT
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                              (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                                  Note VIII                           2024                               2023

       Operating income                                                                                             13,087                             13,028

         Interest income                                                                                             1,665                              2,027

         Investment income                                                              13                           9,909                             10,605

            Including: Share of gains/(losses) of associates and joint ventures                                           5                               (26)

         Other income                                                                                                     8                                 4

         Gains/(losses) arising from changes in fair value                                                             818                               (434)

         Exchange gains                                                                                                 28                                130

         Other operating income                                                                                        659                                696

       Operating expenses                                                                                            (1,905)                           (1,856)

         Interest expenses                                                                                              (33)                              (27)

         Taxes and surcharges                                                                                           (76)                              (80)

         Operating and administrative expenses                                                                       (1,563)                           (1,594)

         Impairment losses on financial assets                                                                          (25)                               60

         Other operating expenses                                                                                     (208)                              (215)

       Operating profit                                                                                             11,182                             11,172

         Add: Non-operating income                                                                                      17                                 20

         Less: Non-operating expenses                                                                                   (49)                              (51)

       Profit before tax                                                                                            11,150                             11,141

         Less: Income tax                                                                                             (333)                              (161)

       Net profit                                                                                                   10,817                             10,980

         Classified by continuity of operations:

            Net profit from continuing operations                                                                   10,817                             10,980

            Net profit from discontinued operations                                                                       –                                 –

       Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                14

         Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be
                                                                                                                       223                                (54)
           reclassified to profit or loss:

            Changes in the fair value of equity investments at
                                                                                                                       223                                (54)
              fair value through other comprehensive income

         Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will be
                                                                                                                       600                                 97
           reclassified to profit or loss:

            Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) that
              will be reclassified to profit or loss of investees                                                         2                                 –
              accounted for using the equity method

            Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair
                                                                                                                       601                                145
              value through other comprehensive income

            Changes in provisions for credit risks of debt
              instruments at fair value through other                                                                    (3)                              (48)
              comprehensive income

         Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                             823                                 43

       Total comprehensive income                                                                                   11,640                             11,023




      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




14    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Financial Report
                                                                                                               COMPANY STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




COMPANY STATEMENT OF CHANGES
IN EQUITY

                                                                                                                                                                  Operating results
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                     (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                                                     2024

                                                                                                 Other
                                                                Issued         Capital                        Surplus       Retained              Total
                                                                                         comprehensive
                                                                capital       reserves                       reserves         profits            equity
                                                                                               income

Balance at the beginning of year                                 9,620         79,312             423           4,810         46,114           140,279

Movements in the current year                                        –              –             837               –            990              1,827

   Net profit                                                        –              –               –               –         10,817            10,817




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate governance
   Other comprehensive income/(loss) (Note VIII 14)                  –              –             823               –              –                823

   Total comprehensive income                                        –              –             823               –         10,817            11,640

   Profit distribution                                               –              –               –               –         (9,813)            (9,813)

     Profit distribution to shareholders                             –              –               –               –         (9,813)            (9,813)

   Transfer of other comprehensive income to retained profits        –              –              14               –            (14)                 –

Balance at the end of year                                       9,620         79,312           1,260           4,810         47,104           142,106




                                                                                                     2023

                                                                                                 Other
                                                                Issued         Capital                        Surplus       Retained              Total
                                                                                         comprehensive
                                                                capital       reserves                       reserves         profits            equity
                                                                                               income

Balance at the beginning of year                                 9,620         79,312             389           4,810         44,938           139,069




                                                                                                                                                                  Other information
Movements in the current year                                        –              –              34               –          1,176              1,210

   Net profit                                                        –              –               –               –         10,980            10,980

   Other comprehensive income/(loss) (Note VIII 14)                  –              –              43               –              –                 43

   Total comprehensive income                                        –              –              43               –         10,980            11,023

   Profit distribution                                               –              –               –               –         (9,813)            (9,813)

     Profit distribution to shareholders                             –              –               –               –         (9,813)            (9,813)

   Transfer of other comprehensive income to retained profits        –              –               (9)             –              9                  –

Balance at the end of year                                       9,620         79,312             423           4,810         46,114           140,279




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   15
     Financial Report
     COMPANY CASH FLOW STATEMENT




      COMPANY CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                              (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


                                                                                  Note VIII                           2024                               2023

       Cash flows from operating activities

         Cash received relating to other operating activities                                                          795                              1,006

         Sub-total of cash inflows                                                                                     795                              1,006

         Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                                                      (666)                              (703)

         Payments of taxes and surcharges                                                                             (391)                              (319)

         Cash paid relating to other operating activities                                                             (821)                              (971)

         Sub-total of cash outflows                                                                                  (1,878)                           (1,993)

         Net cash flows used in operating activities                                    15                           (1,083)                             (987)

       Cash flows from investing activities

         Cash received from disposal of investments                                                                 17,964                             28,147

         Cash received from returns on investments and interest income                                              11,490                             12,629

         Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and
                                                                                                                          1                                24
           other long-term assets

         Sub-total of cash inflows                                                                                  29,455                             40,800

         Cash paid to acquire investments                                                                          (18,267)                           (26,587)

         Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other business entities                                                –                            (1,377)

         Cash paid to acquire fixed assets, intangible assets and other
                                                                                                                      (297)                              (482)
           long-term assets

         Sub-total of cash outflows                                                                                (18,564)                           (28,446)

         Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                   10,891                             12,354

       Cash flows from financing activities

         Cash payments for distribution of dividends, profits or interest
                                                                                                                     (9,834)                           (9,826)
           expenses

         Decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net                                             (1,115)                           (1,894)

         Cash paid relating to other financing activities                                                               (48)                              (70)

         Sub-total of cash outflows                                                                                (10,997)                           (11,790)

         Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                               (10,997)                           (11,790)

       Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                    66                                 99

       Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                        15                           (1,123)                             (324)

         Add: Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                        15                           6,286                              6,610

       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                                     15                           5,163                              6,286




      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.




16    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                         Financial Report
                                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
                                                                         (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


I.    GENERAL INFORMATION
      China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was restructured from China Pacific Insurance Co., Ltd. in
      October 2001 pursuant to the approval of the State Council of the People’s Republic of China (the PRC) and Circular [2001]
      No. 239 issued by the former China Insurance Regulatory Commission (the “CIRC”). After the restructuring, the Company
      obtained a business licence (No. 1000001001110) on 24 October 2001 newly issued by the former State Administration
      for Industry and Commerce of the PRC, and had an original issued capital of RMB 2,006.39 million, with its registered
      address and headquarters in Shanghai. The Company increased its issued capital to RMB 6,700 million through issuance
      of new shares to its then existing shareholders and new shareholders in 2002 and from February to April 2007.
      In December 2007, the Company conducted a public offering of 1,000 million A shares on the Shanghai Stock Exchange




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
      to increase its issued capital to RMB 7,700 million. On 25 December 2007, the Company’s A shares were listed and traded
      on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
      In December 2009, the Company conducted a global offering of overseas listed foreign shares (“H shares”). Upon the
      completion of the H share offering, the issued capital was increased to RMB 8,600 million. On 23 December 2009, the
      Company’s H shares were listed and traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
      In November 2012, the Company conducted a non-public offering of 462 million H shares. Upon completion of the H
      share offering, the issued capital was increased to RMB 9,062 million, and the Company received the approval from
      the former CIRC in December 2012 for the change of its registered capital. The Company obtained the business licence
      (registration No. 100000000011107) on 5 February 2013. The Company renewed its business licence on 15 December
      2015, and its unified social credit code is No. 91310000132211707B.
      In June 2020, the Company issued 102,873,300 Global Depositary Receipts (“GDRs”) on the London Stock Exchange (the
      “LSE”) and became listed on the LSE. In July 2020, the Company further issued 8,794,991 GDRs. Each GDR represents five
      A shares of the Company. After the GDR issuance, the issued capital of the Company was increased to approximately RMB
      9,620 million.




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
      The authorised business scope of the Company includes investing in insurance enterprises; supervising and managing
      the domestic and overseas reinsurance businesses of subsidiaries and their utilisation of funds; and participating in
      approved international insurance activities. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”
      or “CPIC Group”) are property and casualty insurance businesses, life and health insurance businesses, pension and
      annuity insurance businesses, as well as investments with insurance funds, etc.
      Major subsidiaries included in the consolidation scope in the current year are detailed in Note V.

II.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
      The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises –
      Basic Standard, and the specific accounting standards and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance
      on 15 February 2006 and in subsequent periods (hereafter collectively referred to as “the Accounting Standards for
      Business Enterprises” or “CASs”), and in accordance with the disclosure requirements set out in the Preparation
      Convention of Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 15 – General Rules on Financial
      Reporting issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”), Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and
      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
      The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.




                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   17
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

                 Statement of compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises
                 The financial statements are in compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, and truly and
                 completely present the financial position of the Group and the Company as of 31 December 2024, and their financial
                 performance, cash flows and other information for the year then ended.
                 Financial information in the financial statements of the Company and the Group for the year ended 31 December
                 2024 are prepared in accordance with the following significant accounting policies and accounting estimates as
                 determined under the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.
                 The Group determines its accounting policies and accounting estimates that best reflect its operating characteristics,
                 mainly in relation to the recognition and measurement of financial instruments (Note III 17), the recognition and
                 measurement of insurance contracts (Note III 20), and recognition of revenue (Note III 23).
                 Details of the Group’s critical judgements used in determining significant accounting policies are set forth in Note
                 III 30.

      1.         Accounting year
                 The Group adopts the calendar year as its accounting year, i.e., from 1 January to 31 December.

      2.         Reporting currency
                 The Company, its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in Mainland China selected RMB as their reporting
                 currency. The subsidiaries of the Company incorporated in other countries or regions outside Mainland China
                 selected their reporting currencies based on the primary economic environment where they operate and convert
                 their presentation currencies into RMB for the preparation of the Group’s financial statements.
                 The presentation currency of the Group is RMB. All amounts are expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified.

      3.         Basis of accounting and measurement bases
                 The financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis using the historical cost as the basis of
                 measurement, except for certain financial instruments, insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts ceded. If assets
                 are impaired, provisions for asset impairments are accrued in accordance with relevant requirements.
                 When the Company’s subsidiaries China Pacific Property Insurance Co., Ltd. (“CPIC Property”) and China Pacific
                 Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“CPIC Life”) were established, the assets and liabilities invested into these subsidiaries by
                 the Company and those they acquired from the Company were recorded at amounts determined by the state-owned
                 asset administration authority. For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the Group has adjusted with
                 the valuation amounts of these assets to their historical costs.

      4.         Determination and selection of materiality
                 The Group determines the materiality of financial information in terms of the nature and amount in accordance with
                 the specific environment in which it operates. When determining the materiality from the nature of the transaction,
                 the Group mainly considers whether the transaction operates daily or significantly affects the Group’s financial
                 position, operating results, and cash flows, etc. When determining the materiality of the amount of the transaction,
                 the Group considers the proportion of the amount of the transaction to total assets, total liabilities, total owners’
                 equity, total operating income, total operating expense, net profit, total comprehensive income, or the proportion of
                 the amount of items listed separately in the statement.

      5.         Business combinations
                 A business combination is a transaction or event that brings together two or more separate entities into one
                 reporting entity. Business combinations include those involving enterprises under common control and those
                 involving enterprises not under common control.

                 Business combinations involving enterprises under common control
                 Business combinations are classified as business combinations involving enterprises under common control when
                 the enterprises involved are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both prior and subsequent to the
                 combination and the control is not temporary. For a business combination involving entities under common control,
                 the party that, on the combination date, obtains control of another entity participating in the combination is the
                 acquirer, while that other entity participating in the combination is the acquiree. The “combination date” refers to
                 the date on which the acquirer actually obtains control over the acquiree.




18    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

5.     Business combinations (continued)




                                                                                                                                              Operating results
       Business combinations involving enterprises under common control (continued)
       Assets and liabilities that are obtained by the acquirer in a business combination are measured at their carrying
       amounts at the combination date as recorded by the acquiree. The difference between the carrying amount of the
       net assets obtained and the carrying amount of the consideration paid for the combination (or the aggregate face
       value of shares issued as consideration) is applied to the capital reserves to adjust the share premium or applied to
       retained earnings if the capital reserves is not sufficient to absorb the difference.
       Direct costs incurred by the acquirer for the purpose of the business combination are expensed as incurred in the
       current period.

       Business combinations involving enterprises not under common control
       Business combinations involving enterprises not under common control is a business combination in which all
       combining enterprises are not ultimately controlled by the same party or the same parties both prior and subsequent
       to the business combination. In a business combination involving enterprises not under common control, the




                                                                                                                                              Corporate governance
       enterprise which obtains control over the other enterprise on the acquisition date is the acquirer, and the other
       enterprise is the acquiree. The “acquisition date” refers to the date on which the acquirer obtains effective control
       over the acquiree.
       For a business combination involving enterprises not under common control, the cost of combination refers to the
       assets paid, liabilities incurred or assumed and the fair value of the equity securities issued by the acquirer to acquire
       the control over the acquiree at the acquisition date. The expenses of audit, legal services, valuation consulting
       and other administration fees incurred by acquirer for the purpose of business combination are charged to current
       profit or loss as incurred. The fee and commission expenses of equity securities or debt securities issued as the
       consideration for business combination are included in the initial recognition of the equity or debt securities.
       Where business combinations are accomplished through multiple transactions in phases, they are accounted for
       differently in the separate financial statements and the consolidated financial statements:
       (1)   For the purpose of the separate financial statements, the initial investment cost is the sum of the carrying
             amount of the equity investment in the acquiree before the acquisition date and the additional investment cost
             incurred on the acquisition date; where the equity interest in the acquiree before the acquisition date involves
             other comprehensive income components, the relevant other comprehensive income components shall be




                                                                                                                                              Other information
             transferred to investment income for the current period upon disposal of such investment;
       (2)   For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the equity interest in the acquiree held before the
             date of acquisition should be remeasured at fair value at the acquisition date, with the difference between the
             fair value and its carrying amount included in the investment income for the current period. Where the equity
             interest in the acquiree before the acquisition date involves other comprehensive income components, the
             relevant other comprehensive income components shall be recycled to current investment income arising on
             the acquisition date.
       The acquirer shall consider the contingent consideration as agreed in the combination agreement as part of the
       consideration for the business combination and include it at its fair value on the acquisition date in the combination
       cost of the business combination. If, within 12 months of the acquisition date, there is any new or further evidence
       in connection with a condition existing on the acquisition date that requires adjustments to the contingent
       consideration, the adjustments shall be recognised, and the amount included in the consolidated goodwill shall
       be adjusted accordingly. With respect to changes and adjustments to the contingent consideration under other
       circumstances, if the contingent consideration is recognised as an asset or a liability, the subsequent changes in
       fair value are recorded in profit or loss for the current period or other comprehensive income; if the contingent




                                                                                                                                              Financial report
       consideration is classified as equity, it is not required to be subsequently measured at fair value, and its subsequent
       settlement is recorded in equity.
       The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired in a business combination are
       measured at their fair values at the acquisition date. Identifiable assets and liabilities acquired by the acquirer on
       the acquisition date shall be classified and designated in light of the contract terms, business policies, M&A policies
       and other related factors existing on the acquisition date, mainly including the classification of acquiree’s financial
       assets and financial liabilities, designation of a hedging relationship, and the separation of embedded derivatives,
       among others. However, where the combination involves a lease contract or an insurance contract and the contract
       terms are modified at the acquisition date, the contract shall be reclassified in light of the modified terms and other
       factors.



                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report   19
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      5.         Business combinations (continued)
                 Business combinations involving enterprises not under common control (continued)
                 The difference by which the combination cost exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired from the
                 acquiree is recognised as goodwill. If the combination cost is lower than the fair value of the net identifiable assets
                 acquired from the acquiree, the acquirer shall first review the fair value of the individual identifiable assets, liabilities
                 and contingent liabilities acquired from the acquiree and the measurement of the combination cost, and if the
                 reviewed combination cost is still lower than the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired from the acquiree,
                 the difference is recorded in profit or loss for the current period.
                 In a business combination, the deductible temporary differences acquired by the acquirer are not recognised as
                 deferred income tax assets if they do not meet the recognition criteria on the acquisition date. If, within 12 months
                 after the acquisition date, there is new or further information to indicate the existence of relevant circumstances at
                 the acquisition date that the economic benefits is expected to be realised by the deductible temporary differences
                 of the acquiree on the acquisition date, the relevant deferred income tax assets shall be recognised with goodwill
                 being reduced by the same amount; and if goodwill is lower than the recognised amount, the difference shall be
                 recognised in profit or loss in the current period. In all other circumstances, the deferred income tax assets related to
                 business combination are recognised in profit or loss in the current period.

      6.         Consolidated financial statements
                 The scope of consolidated financial statements is determined based on control and the consolidated financial
                 statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December
                 2024. A subsidiary is an entity (including structured entities) over which the Company has control. Structured entities
                 are entities where voting rights or other similar rights are not used as factors to determine the controlling party, such
                 as when voting rights only relate to administrative tasks while related operation activities are arranged according to
                 contractual agreements.
                 Structured entities include trust products, debt investment plans, equity investment plans, project asset-backed
                 plans, and wealth management products issued by financial institutions. Trust products, equity investment plans
                 and project asset-backed plans are managed by related or unrelated trust companies or asset managers, and the
                 funds raised are invested in loans to or equity interests in other companies. Wealth management products issued
                 by financial institutions are managed by related or unrelated asset managers, and the funds raised are invested in
                 agreement deposits, funds, stocks, and bonds, among others. Debt investment plans are managed by related or
                 unrelated asset managers and are mainly invested in infrastructure projects and real estate fund backed projects.
                 To finance their operations, the relevant trust products, debt investment plans, equity investment plans, project
                 asset-backed plans, and wealth management products issued by institutions enter into product contracts with and
                 grant product holders the right to receive profits, as agreed, from the trust products, debt investment plans, equity
                 investment plans, project asset-backed plans, and wealth management products issued by financial institutions. The
                 Group has entered into product contracts for all its trust products, debt investment plans, equity investment plans,
                 project asset-backed plans, and wealth management products issued by financial institutions.
                 All trust products, debt investment plans, equity investment plans, project asset-backed plans, and wealth
                 management products issued by institutions are not consolidated structured entities if they are not under the control
                 of the Group.
                 For the purpose of preparing consolidated financial statements, the subsidiaries adopt the same accounting period
                 and accounting policies as the Company.




20    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Financial Report
                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

6.     Consolidated financial statements (continued)




                                                                                                                                             Operating results
       All significant intra-group balances, transactions and unrealised profits are eliminated in the consolidated financial
       statements. The subsidiaries’ shareholders’ equity, net profit or loss of the period, and the portion in their
       comprehensive income not attributable to the Company are presented separately as non-controlling interests, net
       profit attributable to non-controlling interests, and total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling
       interests in the consolidated financial statements under equity, net profits and total comprehensive income
       respectively. However, a liability is recognised to reflect the corresponding shares of net assets in the consolidated
       entity when non-controlling interests arise from the structured entities they have invested in. Unrealised profits
       and losses resulting from the sale of assets by the Company to its subsidiaries are fully eliminated against net profit
       attributable to owners of the parent. Unrealised profits and losses on internal transactions resulting from the sale
       of assets by a subsidiary to the Company are allocated and offset between net profit attributable to shareholders
       of the parent and the net profit or loss attributable to non-controlling interests in accordance with the allocation
       ratio between the parent and the subsidiary. Unrealised profits and losses resulting from the sale of assets by one
       subsidiary to another are allocated and offset between the net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent and
       net profit or loss attributable to non-controlling interests in accordance with the allocation ratio between the parent
       and the selling subsidiary.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
       If the accounting treatments of a transaction are inconsistent in the financial statements at the Group level and at
       the Company or its subsidiary level, adjustments regarding the transaction will be made from the perspective of the
       Group.
       For a subsidiary acquired through a business combination involving an enterprise not under common control,
       the financial performance and cash flows of the acquiree are included in the scope of the consolidated financial
       statements from the day the Group obtains control over the subsidiary until the Group ceases to control the
       subsidiary. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the financial statements of the subsidiaries are
       adjusted based on the fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities on the acquisition
       dates.
       For a subsidiary acquired through a business combination involving an enterprise under common control, the
       financial performance and cash flows of the acquiree are included in the scope of the consolidated financial
       statements from the beginning of the period in which the combination takes place. In preparing the comparative
       consolidated financial statements, the related items on the financial statements of prior periods are adjusted as if the
       reporting entity formed after combination had existed since the ultimate controlling party started to exert control.




                                                                                                                                             Other information
       When changes in relevant facts and circumstances cause changes to one or more of the control elements, the Group
       reassesses whether it still controls the investee.
       In the consolidated financial statements, when the amount of loss in the current period attributable to the non-
       controlling interests of a subsidiary exceeds their share of equity in the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, the
       excess shall be still allocated against the non-controlling interests.
       Purchases of equity interests by the Group from the non-controlling interests of a subsidiary are accounted for using
       the following methods:
       (1)   Long-term equity investments arising from the purchases of non-controlling interests by the parent from
             the subsidiary are accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies applicable to long-term equity
             investments.
       (2)   For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the difference between the long-term equity
             investments newly acquired from the non-controlling interests and the parent’s share, as per additional
             shareholding, of the net assets of the subsidiary calculated on an ongoing basis from the acquisition date (or
             combination date) is applied to adjust the shareholders’ equity (capital reserves), and if the capital reserves is




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
             lower than the difference, the remaining balance is applied against retained earnings.
       Subsidiaries included in the consolidation scope are detailed in Note V.
       If control over a subsidiary is lost due to partial disposal of equity investment or other reasons, relevant accounting
       treatments are applied differently in the separate financial statements and consolidated financial statements:




                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   21
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      6.         Consolidated financial statements (continued)
                 (1)    In the separate financial statements, the remaining equity is recognised as long-term equity investments or
                        other related financial assets at the carrying amount; if, after partial disposal of equity investment, the remaining
                        equity interest enables the Group to exercise joint control or significant influence over the original subsidiary,
                        the equity investment is accounted for using the equity method in accordance with the relevant requirements
                        for change of the accounting method from the cost method;
                 (2)    In the consolidated financial statements, the remaining equity is remeasured at the fair value at the date
                        when the control is lost; the difference between the sum of the consideration obtained from the disposal of
                        equity and the fair value of the remaining equity and the portion of net assets calculated continuously from
                        the acquisition date of the original subsidiaries based on the original shareholding proportion is recognised as
                        investment income for the current period in which the control is lost; and other comprehensive income related
                        to the original subsidiaries’ equity investment is transferred into investment income for the period in which
                        the control is lost.

      7.         Cash equivalents
                 Cash equivalents comprise short-term, highly liquid investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts
                 of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and have a short maturity of generally within three
                 months from the date of purchase.

      8.         Foreign currency transactions
                 Foreign currency transactions are converted into the reporting currency.
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the reporting currency on initial recognition using the spot
                 exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the balance sheet date, monetary items denominated
                 in foreign currencies are translated into the reporting currency using the spot exchange rates on the balance sheet
                 date, which creates exchange differences. Exchange differences are included in profit or loss for the current period
                 or recorded in other comprehensive income, except for those attributable to foreign currency borrowings that have
                 been taken out specifically for the acquisition or construction of qualifying assets, which are capitalised as part of the
                 cost of those assets. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical costs are
                 translated using the spot exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions, without changing their amounts
                 in the reporting currency. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies at fair value are translated using
                 the spot exchange rates at the dates on which their fair values are determined, and the exchange differences arising
                 therefrom are included into profit or loss for the current period or other comprehensive income.
                 For foreign operations, the Group translates its functional currency into RMB for the purpose of the financial
                 statements: assets and liabilities on the balance sheet are translated using the spot exchange rates at the balance
                 sheet date; the equity items, excluding “retained profits”, are translated using the spot exchange rates at the
                 dates the transactions take place; and the income and expense items on the income statement are translated using
                 the average exchange rates on the transaction dates. Exchange differences arising from translation of foreign
                 currency financial statements as described above are recognised as other comprehensive income. In accounting for
                 the disposal of a foreign operation, the exchange difference arising from the translation of foreign currency financial
                 statements in connection with the foreign operation is recognised in the profit or loss for the period in which the
                 disposal takes place, and in the case of partial disposals, the exchange difference is calculated proportionately.
                 Foreign currency cash flows and cash flows of overseas operations are translated using the average exchange rates
                 of the period when the cash flows occur. The effect of exchange rate changes on cash is separately presented as a
                 reconciling item on the cash flow statement.

      9.         Securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase
                 Securities purchased under agreements to resell refer to funds duly lent to finance repurchase transactions, and are
                 recorded at the actual cost of the securities purchased, with income from securities purchased under agreements
                 to resell accrued using the effective interest method over the period from the acquisition date to the maturity date
                 and recognised in profit or loss for the current period. The Group does not take physical possession of securities
                 purchased under agreements to resell. In case of default by the counterparty to repay the loan, the Group has the
                 right to the underlying securities.




22    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

9.     Securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase




                                                                                                                                           Operating results
       (continued)
       Securities sold under agreements to repurchase refer to funds duly borrowed to enter into repurchase transactions,
       and are recorded at the actual amount received from the sale of the securities, with an expense for securities sold
       under agreements to repurchase accrued using the effective interest method over the period from the selling date
       to the maturity date and recognised in profit or loss for the current period. The Group may be required to provide
       additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities and such collateral assets continue to be
       presented on the balance sheet.

10.    Long-term equity investments
       Long-term equity investments include equity investments where an investor has control of, or significant influence
       over, an investee, as well as equity investments in joint ventures. Long-term equity investments are measured at
       initial investment cost on acquisition.
       Long-term equity investments with which the Company is able to exercise control over the investee shall be




                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
       accounted using the cost method in the individual financial statement. Control means having power over an
       investee, enjoying variable returns through involvement in relevant activities of the investee, and being able to
       impact the amount of such variable returns by using the power over the investee.
       When the Company directly or indirectly holds half or less of the voting rights or similar rights of the investee, the
       Group comprehensively considers all relevant facts and circumstances to judge whether the investor has power over
       the investee, including:
       (1)   Contractual arrangements with other holders of voting rights of the investee;
       (2)   The power of other contractual arrangements; and
       (3)   Voting rights and potential voting rights of the Group.
       For long-term equity investments accounted for using the cost method, long-term equity investments are measured
       at initial investment cost, and cash dividends or profits distribution declared by the investee are recognised as
       investment income for the current period. The Group recognises the cash dividends or profits distributed to the
       investee in accordance with the above provisions and considers whether the long-term equity investments are
       impaired.




                                                                                                                                           Other information
       Considering whether the long-term equity investments are impaired, the Group shall pay attention to whether the
       carrying amount of the long-term equity investment is higher than the share of the carrying amount of the net assets
       (including relevant goodwill) of the investee and other situations.
       Long-term equity investments are accounted under the equity method as the investee over which the Group has
       joint control or significant influence. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement,
       which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing
       control. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the
       investee but is not control or joint control over those policies. In determining whether to exercise joint control or
       significant influence over the investee, based on the voting shares of the investee hold directly or indirectly by the
       Group, the Group takes into account of the impact of assuming that conversion of the current executable potential
       voting rights held by the Group and other parties to equity in the investee.
       For long-term equity investments accounted for using the equity method, where the initial investment cost of a
       long-term equity investment exceeds the Group’s share of the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets
       at the acquisition date, the long-term equity investment is measured at the initial investment cost; where the
       initial investment cost is less than the Group’s share of the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets at




                                                                                                                                           Financial report
       the acquisition date, the difference is included in profit or loss and the cost of the long-term equity investment is
       adjusted upwards accordingly.




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   23
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      10.        Long-term equity investments (continued)
                 Under the equity method, after the Company has acquired a long-term equity investment, it will recognise its
                 share of the investee’s net profits or losses as investment income or losses and adjust the carrying amount of
                 the long-term investment accordingly. The Group recognises its share of the investee’s net profits or losses after
                 making appropriate adjustments to the investee’s net profits or losses based on the fair value of the investee’s
                 identifiable assets at the acquisition date, using the Group’s accounting policies and periods, and eliminating the
                 portion of the profits or losses arising from internal transactions with its associates and joint ventures, attributable
                 to the investing entity according to its share ratio (but impairment losses for assets arising from internal transactions
                 are recognised in full). The carrying amount of the long-term equity investment is reduced by the Group’s share of
                 the profit distribution or cash dividends declared by the investees. The Group does not recognise further losses when
                 the carrying amounts of the long-term equity investment together with any long-term interests that, in substance,
                 form part of the Group’s net investment in investees are reduced to zero. However, the Group’s obligations for
                 additional losses are not included. The changes of the equity other than those arising from the net profit or loss,
                 other comprehensive income and profit distribution, are recognised in equity with a corresponding adjustment to
                 the carrying amounts of the long-term equity investment and are transferred to profit or loss for the current period
                 on pro rata basis when disposing of this investment.
                 For disposed long-term equity investment, the difference between its carrying amount and the actual proceeds
                 received is recognised in profit or loss for the current period. For disposal of long-term equity investment accounted
                 for using the equity method, the portion previously included in other comprehensive income is accounted for on pro
                 rata basis using the same basis as that used by the investee for disposal of relevant assets or liabilities.

      11.        Investment properties
                 An investment property is real estate property held with the intention of earning a return on the investment either
                 through rental income or capital appreciation, or both.
                 Investment properties are initially measured at cost. Subsequent expenditures incurred in relation to an investment
                 property are included in the cost of the investment property when it is probable that the associated economic
                 benefits will flow to the Group and their costs can be reliably measured. Otherwise, the expenditures are recognised
                 in profit or loss for the current period in which they are incurred.
                 Investment properties are subsequently measured using the cost model. Investment properties are depreciated
                 using the straight-line method. The useful lives, the estimated net residual values and the annual depreciation rates
                 of investment properties are as follows:

                  Category                        Useful lives          Estimated net residual values              Annual depreciation rates

                  Buildings                       30-50 years                                    3%                         1.94% to 3.23%

                 The useful lives, estimated net residual values and depreciation methods of investment properties are reviewed and
                 adjusted as appropriate at least at each year-end.
                 The transfer from/to investment properties are recognised only when there is conclusive evidence that the use of the
                 investment properties has changed.

      12.        Fixed assets
                 Fixed assets are tangible assets that are held for rendering of services, leasing or operational management, and have
                 useful lives of more than one accounting year.
                 Fixed assets are recognised when it is probable that the associated economic benefits will flow to the Group and the
                 related cost can be reliably measured. Subsequent expenditures incurred for a fixed asset are included in the cost of
                 the fixed asset when meeting the criteria for recognition; or are included in the profit or loss for the current period.
                 Fixed assets are initially measured at cost. The cost of purchasing fixed assets comprises the purchase price, related
                 taxes, and any directly attributable expenditure before the assets are ready for their intended use.




24    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                        Financial Report
                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

12.    Fixed assets (continued)




                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
       Fixed assets are depreciated using the straight-line method. The useful lives, the estimated net residual values and
       the annual depreciation rates of fixed assets are as follows:

        Category                           Useful lives            Estimated net residual values               Annual depreciation rates

        Buildings                          24-70 years                                  0%-3%                           1.39% to 4.04%

        Transportation equipment            3-12 years                                 0%-10%                          8.08% to 32.33%

        Other equipment                     3-12 years                                 0%-10%                          8.33% to 33.33%

       The useful lives, estimated net residual values and depreciation methods of fixed assets are reviewed and adjusted as
       appropriate at least at each year-end.

13.    Construction in progress
       The cost of construction in progress is determined based on actual project expenditure, including all necessary
       construction expenditures incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs to be capitalised before the




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
       project becomes ready for its intended use, and other related expenses.
       Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets, etc., when it is ready for its intended use.

14.    Intangible assets
       Intangible assets of the Group are initially measured at cost.
       The useful lives of intangible assets are determined as the period that the assets are expected to generate economic
       benefits for the Group, and when there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which the asset is expected
       to generate economic benefits for the Group, the intangible assets are regarded as having indefinite useful life.
       License is regarded as an intangible asset with indefinite useful life as there is no foreseeable limit on the period of
       time over which it is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.
       The useful lives of major intangible assets are as follows:

        Category                                                                                                            Useful lives

        Land use rights                                                                                                     30-50 years




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
        Software use rights                                                                                                   1-10 years

        License                                                                                                               Uncertain

       The land use rights acquired by the Group are generally accounted for as intangible assets. If the costs paid for the
       land use rights and the buildings located thereon cannot be reasonably allocated between the land use rights and
       the buildings, all of the costs are recognised as fixed assets.
       Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over the useful period. The useful lives
       and amortisation method of the intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed by the Group at least at each
       financial year-end and adjusted as appropriate. Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are not amortised and
       need to be tested annually for impairment.
       The internal research and development expenses are classified as research phase expense and development
       phase expense. Expenditure on research phase is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.
       Development phase expense can be capitalised only when an entity can demonstrate all of the following:
       (a)   The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or for sale;




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
       (b) Its intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
       (c)   How the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits. Among other things, the entity can
             demonstrate the existence of a market for the output of the intangible asset or for the intangible asset itself or,
             if it is to be used internally, the usefulness of the intangible asset;
       (d) The availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or
           sell the intangible asset;
       (e)   Its ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.
       The development phase expenses that do not meet above conditions are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.



                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   25
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      15.        Long-term deferred expenses
                 Long-term deferred expenses are amortised by straight lines, with the amortisation period as follows:

                  Category                                                                                                     Amortisation period

                  Lease Improvement                                                          Contracted lease term or 5 years (whichever is shorter)


      16.        Debt assets
                 Debt assets refer to the physical possession of a borrower, a guarantor or a third party that compensate the Group in
                 the exercise of creditor’s rights or security interests.
                 Debt assets are accounted for at the fair value at the time of acquisition. The difference between the carrying amount
                 of the restructured debts and the fair value of the acquired debt assets is offset against the provision for impairment
                 of the restructured debts with the net change recognised in profit or loss for the current period. The debt assets are
                 not depreciated or amortised. The recoverable amount of debt assets is assessed at the balance sheet date, tested
                 for impairment, and adjusted as appropriate. The recoverable amount of a debt asset is the higher of an asset’s fair
                 value less costs of disposal and the present value of the estimated future cash flow expected to be derived from the
                 asset.

      17.        Financial instruments
                 A financial instrument is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
                 instrument of another entity.

                 Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
                 The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
                 the financial instrument.
                 Financial assets (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) are
                 derecognised, when:
                 (1)    the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the financial assets have expired; or
                 (2)    the financial assets have been transferred and (a) the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of
                        ownership of the financial assets, or (b) the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and
                        rewards of the assets, but the Group has not retained control of the financial assets.
                 A financial liability is derecognised when the contractual obligation under the financial liability is fulfilled, cancelled
                 or expired. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
                 terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such a replacement or modification is treated as
                 a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference is recognised in profit
                 or loss for the current period.
                 All purchases or sales of financial assets in regular ways are recognised and derecognised using trade date
                 accounting. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets under contracts whose terms
                 require delivery within the time frame generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace
                 concerned. Trade date is the date that the Group committed to purchasing or selling the financial assets.

                 Classification and measurement of financial assets
                 The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                 the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets: financial assets at fair
                 value through profit or loss, financial assets at amortised cost, and financial assets at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income. When, and only when the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets,
                 all affected related financial assets could be reclassified.
                 Financial assets are measured at fair value on initial recognition, but accounts receivable or notes receivable arising
                 from the sale of goods or rendering of services that do not contain significant financing components or for which the
                 Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component due within
                 one year, are initially measured at the transaction price.
                 For financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, relevant transaction costs are directly recognised in profit or
                 loss, and transaction costs relating to other financial assets are included in the initial recognition amounts.




26    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

17.    Financial instruments (continued)




                                                                                                                                                  Operating results
       Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)
       The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:
       Debt investments measured at amortised cost
       Financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are
       met: the financial assets are held for collection of contractual cash flows; the contractual terms of the financial assets
       give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
       outstanding, and the financial assets are not designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss. Interest
       income is recognised using the effective interest rate method, and any gains and losses are recognised in profit or
       loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.
       Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
       Financial assets are classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the
       following conditions are met: the financial assets are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate governance
       both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; the contractual terms of the financial assets
       give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
       outstanding, and that such financial assets are not designated as at fair value through profit or loss. Interest income
       is recognised using the effective interest rate method. The interest income, impairment losses and foreign exchange
       revaluation are recognised in profit or loss. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive
       income. Upon derecognition of these financial assets, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
       comprehensive income are transferred and recognised in profit or loss.
       Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
       The Group can elect to irrevocably designate its equity investments which are not held for trading as equity
       investments at fair value through other comprehensive income. Only the relevant dividend income (excluding the
       dividend income explicitly recovered as part of the investment cost) is recognised in profit or loss. Subsequent
       changes in the fair value are included in other comprehensive income, and no provision for impairment is
       required. When the financial asset is derecognised, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
       comprehensive income are transferred from other comprehensive income to retained profits.




                                                                                                                                                  Other information
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other
       comprehensive income are measured at financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Such financial assets are
       subsequently measured at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
       At initial recognition, the Group designates certain financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in order to
       eliminate or significantly reduce accounting mismatches. Once made such designation cannot be revoked. Other
       financial assets also cannot be re-designated as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss after initial
       recognition.

       Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
       The Group’s financial liabilities are, at initial recognition, classified at fair value through profit or loss, or amortised
       cost. For financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, relevant transaction costs are directly recognised
       in profit or loss, and for financial liabilities measured at amortised cost, transaction costs are included in the initial
       recognition amounts.
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss



                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading (including derivative
       instruments attributable to financial liabilities) and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair
       value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities held for trading (including derivative instruments attributable to
       financial liabilities) are subsequently measured at fair value, and the changes in fair value of such financial liabilities
       are recognised in profit or loss. Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently
       measured at fair value and gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from
       the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income. If recognition of gains or losses
       arising from the Group’s own credit risk to other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting
       mismatch in profit or loss, the Group shall include the entire fair value changes (including the amount arising from
       the changes in the Group’s own credit risk) of such financial liabilities in profit or loss.



                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   27
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      17.        Financial instruments (continued)
                 Classification and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
                 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
                 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate
                 method.

                 Impairment of financial assets
                 Based on the expected credit losses (“ECLs”), the Group recognises an allowance for ECLs for the financial assets
                 measured at amortised cost, and debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
                 For accounts receivable and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component, the Group applies
                 the simplified approach to recognise a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs.
                 Except for financial assets which apply the simplified approach as mentioned above, the Group assesses whether
                 the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition at each balance sheet date. If
                 the credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition (stage 1), the loss allowance is measured at an
                 amount equal to 12-month ECLs by the Group and the interest income is calculated according to the gross carrying
                 amount and the effective interest rate; if the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but are not
                 credit-impaired (stage 2), the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs by the Group and the
                 interest income is calculated according to the gross carrying amount and the effective interest rate; if such financial
                 assets are credit-impaired after initial recognition (stage 3), the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                 lifetime ECLs by the Group and the interest income is calculated according to the amortised cost and the effective
                 interest rate. If the credit risk of financial assets is low at the balance sheet date, the Group assumes that the credit
                 risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition. A purchased or originated credit-impaired financial asset
                 is an asset that is credit-impaired at initial recognition. For such assets, the Group recognises the cumulative changes
                 in lifetime ECLs since the initial recognition of the asset.
                 Information regarding the Group’s criteria for determining a significant change in credit risk, the definition of
                 credit-impaired assets, and parameters of the measurement of ECLs, is disclosed in Note XII 3.
                 The Group shall measure ECLs of financial assets in a way that reflects: an unbiased and probability-weighted
                 amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes; the time value of money; and reasonable and
                 supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the balance sheet date about past events,
                 current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
                 When the Group has no reasonable expectation of recovering entire or a portion of the contractual cash flows on a
                 financial asset, the Group directly writes down the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

                 Offsetting of financial instruments
                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a
                 currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts; and there is an intention to settle on a net basis,
                 or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

                 Derivative financial instruments
                 Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which the derivative contracts are
                 entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value. All derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is
                 positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.
                 The gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are recognised directly in profit or loss for the
                 current period.

                 Transfer of financial assets
                 A financial asset is derecognised when the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset
                 to the transferee. A financial asset is not derecognised when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards
                 of the financial asset.
                 When the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the financial asset, it
                 either (i) derecognises the financial asset and recognises the assets and liabilities created in the transfer when it has
                 not retained control of the asset; or (ii) continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s
                 continuing involvement, in which case, the Group also recognises an associated liability.


28    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Financial Report
                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

17.    Financial instruments (continued)




                                                                                                                                               Operating results
       Transfer of financial assets (continued)
       Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred financial asset is measured at the
       lower of the original carrying amount of the financial asset and the amount guaranteed. The amount guaranteed is
       the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

18.    Asset impairment
       The Group determines the impairment of assets (except for deferred income tax assets, financial assets, insurance
       contract assets, and reinsurance contract assets which have been described in their respective accounting policies) in
       the following methods:
       The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is objective evidence that assets are impaired. Where
       there is objective evidence, the Group estimates the recoverable amount and tests for impairment. For goodwill
       acquired from business combination and intangible assets with indefinite useful life not ready for intended use, no
       matter there is objective evidence of impairment or not, impairment should be tested at each year-end.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance
       The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and the present value of the
       estimated future cash flow expected to be derived from the asset. The Group estimates the recoverable amount on
       the basis of individual asset. When it is difficult to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the recoverable
       value of the cash generating units which the asset belongs to will be estimated. The recognition of an asset group is
       based on whether the main cash flow generated by the asset group is independent from those generated by other
       assets or groups of assets.
       When recoverable amounts of assets or groups of assets are lower than their carrying amounts, the Group
       decreases the carrying amount to recoverable amount. The decreased amounts are recognised in profit or loss and
       corresponding provisions are made.
       For impairment test of goodwill, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated
       to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units when being unable to be allocated
       to each of the cash-generating units. Cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units refer to those that
       can benefit from the synergies of the combination and are not larger than the reportable segment determined by the
       Group.




                                                                                                                                               Other information
       When performing impairment test for the (groups of) cash-generating unit to which goodwill is allocated, if there is
       indication of impairment, the Group firstly tests the (groups of) cash-generating unit excluding goodwill, calculates
       the recoverable amount and recognises relevant impairment losses. The Group then tests the (groups of) cash-
       generating units including goodwill and compares the carrying amount and recoverable amount. If the carrying
       amount exceeds the recoverable amount, the amount of impairment loss is firstly deducted from the carrying
       amount of goodwill allocated to the (groups of) cash-generating unit, and then from the carrying amount of each of
       other assets (other than goodwill) within the (groups of) cash-generating unit, on pro rata basis.
       Once the above asset impairment loss is recognised, it will not be reversed in the subsequent periods.

19.    Insurance security fund
       The Group draws insurance security funds in accordance with the Administrative Measures for Insurance security
       funds.

20.    Insurance contracts
20.1   Definition of insurance contracts



                                                                                                                                               Financial report
       An insurance contract is a contract under which the issuer of the contract accepts significant insurance risk from
       the policyholder by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified insured event adversely affects the
       policyholder. An insured event is an uncertain future event covered by an insurance contract that creates insurance
       risk. An insurance risk is a risk, other than financial risk, transferred from the policyholder to the issuer of a contract.




                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   29
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      20.        Insurance contracts (continued)
      20.1       Definition of insurance contracts (continued)
                 The accounting policies of insurance contract apply to the following contracts of the Group:
                 •      Insurance contracts, including reinsurance contracts, the Group issues;
                 •      Reinsurance contracts the Group holds;
                 •      Insurance contracts the Group acquired in a transfer of insurance contracts or in a business combination
                        involving enterprises not under common control;
                 •      Investment contracts with discretionary participation features the Group issues.
                 A reinsurance contract is an insurance contract under which the reinsurer (the issuer) agrees to compensate the
                 cedant for claims incurred by the cedant arising from underlying insurance contracts.
                 An investment contract with discretionary participation features is a financial instrument that provides a particular
                 investor with the contractual right to receive guaranteed and additional amounts. The additional amounts are
                 subject to the returns on a specified pool of items at the discretion of the issuer, and are expected to be a significant
                 portion of the total contractual benefits.
                 The Group accounts for the investment contract with discretionary participation features issued by the Group
                 applying the accounting treatments for insurance contracts, except for the modifications listed in “Recognition and
                 measurement of investment contracts with discretionary participation features”.
                 An insurance contract is an insurance contract with direct participation features if all the following conditions are
                 met at the inception of the contract:
                 •      The contractual terms specify that the policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of
                        underlying items;
                 •      An amount equal to a substantial share of the fair value returns on the underlying items is expected to be paid
                        to the policyholder; and
                 •      A substantial proportion of any change in the amounts to be paid to the policyholder is expected to vary with
                        the change in fair value of the underlying items.

      20.2       Identification, combination and separation of insurance contracts
                 Identification of insurance contracts
                 The Group assesses whether the insurance risk of a contract is significant, i.e., performs a test on significant insurance
                 risk, to determine whether the contract is an insurance contract. A contract is an insurance contract only if it transfers
                 significant insurance risk. A contract that meets the definition of an insurance contract at its inception will not be
                 reassessed subsequently.
                 When the Group performs tests on significant insurance risk, it determines that a contract transfers significant
                 insurance risk if the following conditions are met:
                 (a)    At least in one scenario that has commercial substance, an insured event specified by the contract could cause
                        the issuer to pay significant additional amounts, even if the insured event is extremely unlikely, or even if the
                        expected present value of the contingent cash flows is a small proportion of the expected present value of the
                        remaining cash flows from the insurance contract. The additional amounts refer to the present value of amounts
                        payable if an insured event occurs that exceed those that would be payable if no insured event had occurred
                        (including claims handling and assessment costs). Absence of discernible effect on the economics indicates lack
                        of commercial substance;
                 (b) At least in one scenario that has commercial substance, an insured event specified by the contract could cause
                     the issuer to incur a loss on a present value basis. A loss is determined to be incurred due to the insured event
                     if such event causes the future cash outflows to exceed inflows, on a present value basis. However, even if a
                     reinsurance contract does not expose the issuer to the possibility of a significant loss, that contract is deemed to
                     transfer significant insurance risk if it transfers to the reinsurer substantially all the insurance risk relating to the
                     reinsured portions of the underlying insurance contracts.




30    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Financial Report
                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

20.    Insurance contracts (continued)




                                                                                                                                                Operating results
20.2   Identification, combination and separation of insurance contracts (continued)
       Combination of insurance contracts
       The Group treats a series of insurance contracts with the same counterparty or related counterparties which may
       achieve an overall commercial effect, as a single contract in order to report the substance of such contracts.

       Separating components from insurance contracts
       An insurance contract may contain one or more components, the Group separates the following components:
       •     Embedded derivatives meeting the separation conditions under CAS No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of
             Financial Instruments;
       •     Distinct investment components, but the investment components that meet the definition of investment
             contracts with discretionary participation features are still accounted for applying the accounting policies for
             insurance contracts;




                                                                                                                                                Corporate governance
       •     Promises to transfer distinct goods or services other than insurance contract services.
       Investment component is the amount that an insurance contract requires to repay to policyholders regardless of
       whether an insured event occurs.
       An investment component is distinct if both the following conditions are met:
       (a)   the investment component and the insurance component are not highly interrelated. An investment component
             and an insurance component are highly interrelated if one of the following conditions are met:
             (i)    it is unable to measure a component separately, i.e., it is unable to measure one component without
                    considering the other. If the value of one component varies according to the value of the other, the two
                    components are highly interrelated;
             (ii)   the policyholder is unable to benefit from a component separately, and can only benefit when both
                    components are present. Thus, if the lapse or maturity of one component in a contract causes the lapse or
                    maturity of the other, the two components are highly interrelated.




                                                                                                                                                Other information
       (b) a contract with equivalent terms is sold, or could be sold, separately in the same market or the same jurisdiction,
           either by entities that issue insurance contracts or by other parties.
       Generally, for relevant contracts, the Group determines the non-distinct investment components based on cash
       surrender values and similar contractual terms.
       Insurance contract services are the services provided by an entity comprising the coverage for insured events, the
       investment-return service to the policyholder of the insurance contracts without direct participation features, and
       the investment-related service as management of underlying items on behalf of the policyholder of the insurance
       contracts with direct participation features. When an entity separates distinct goods or services other than insurance
       contract services, it shall not consider activities that an entity must undertake to fulfil a contract unless the entity
       transfers a good or service other than insurance contract services to the policyholder as those activities occur. A
       good or service other than an insurance contract service promised to a policyholder is distinct if the policyholder
       can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources readily available to the
       policyholder. A good or insurance service other than an insurance contract service is not distinct if both the following
       conditions are met: the cash flows and risks associated with the good or service are highly interrelated with the cash
       flows and risks associated with the insurance components in the contract and the entity provides a significant service




                                                                                                                                                Financial report
       in integrating the good or service with the insurance components.
       The Group allocates contractual cash flows based on separation of insurance contracts. After separating cash flows
       related to separated embedded derivatives and distinct investment components, contractual cash flows are allocated
       between insurance components (including embedded derivatives that are not separated, promises to transfer goods
       or services other than insurance contract services that are not distinct) and promises to transfer distinct goods or
       services other than insurance contract services.




                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   31
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      20.        Insurance contracts (continued)
      20.3       Grouping of insurance contracts
                 The Group identifies portfolios of insurance contracts as contracts subject to similar risks and are managed together.
                 The Group further divides portfolios of insurance contracts into groups of insurance contracts and uses groups of
                 insurance contracts as units of account. A group of insurance contracts consists of one or more insurance contracts
                 issued within a period of no longer than one year and with similar levels of profitability. The Group determines the
                 group of contracts to which contracts belong by considering each individual contract. However, if reasonable and
                 supportable information clearly indicates that a set of contracts will all be in the same group, the Group assesses the
                 grouping of contracts based on such set of contracts.
                 The Group divides a portfolio of insurance contracts into a minimum of the following groups, without contracts
                 issued more than one year apart being in the same group:
                 •      of contracts that are onerous at initial recognition;
                 •      of contracts that, at initial recognition, have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently;
                 •      of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.

      20.4       Recognition of insurance contracts
                 The Group recognises an insurance contract it issues from the earliest of the following:
                 •      the beginning of the coverage period;
                 •      the date when the first payment from the policyholder becomes due, or the date when the Group receives the
                        first payment if there is no contractual due date;
                 •      when it becomes onerous.
                 When the contracts in the portfolio meet one of the above conditions, the Group assesses the group to which the
                 contracts belong and will not reassess subsequently. Coverage period is the period during which an entity provides
                 insurance contract services to the policyholder.
                 The Group recognises an asset for the insurance acquisition cash flows (paid or payable before the recognition of the
                 relevant groups of contracts) that are allocated to the groups in a systematic and rational way. Insurance acquisition
                 cash flows are cash flows arising from the costs of selling, underwriting and starting a group of contracts (issued or
                 expected to be issued) that are directly attributable to a portfolio of contracts. The Group derecognises an asset for
                 insurance acquisition cash flows relating to the contract when the contract in a portfolio is included in the group of
                 contracts to which it belongs. At each balance sheet date, the Group assesses the recoverable amount of the asset
                 for insurance acquisition cash flows if facts and circumstances indicate the asset may be impaired. If the recoverable
                 amount of the asset for insurance acquisition cash flow is lower than its carrying value, the Group recognises
                 an allowance for asset impairment and an impairment loss in the profit or loss of the period. If the impairment
                 conditions in prior periods no longer exist, the allowance for asset impairment will be reversed and the reversal will
                 be recognised in the profit or loss of the period.

      20.5       Measurement of insurance contracts
      20.5.1 General model
                 Measurement on initial recognition
                 The Group uses a group of insurance contracts as the unit of account and measures insurance contract liabilities
                 on the initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts at the total of fulfilment cash flows and contractual
                 service margin. The contractual service margin represents the unearned profit the entity will recognise as it provides
                 insurance contract services in the future. The fulfilment cash flows comprise the following:
                 •      estimates of future cash flows that relate directly to fulfil insurance contracts;
                 •      an adjustment to reflect the time value of money and the financial risks; and
                 •      a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.




32    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Financial Report
                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

20.    Insurance contracts (continued)




                                                                                                                                               Operating results
20.5   Measurement of insurance contracts (continued)
20.5.1 General model (continued)
       Measurement on initial recognition (continued)
       Risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the compensation an entity requires for bearing the uncertainty about the
       amount and timing of the future cash flows that arises from non-financial risk as the entity fulfils insurance contracts.
       Estimates of fulfilment cash flows does not take into account the non-performance risk of the entity.
       The Group may estimate the future cash flows at a higher level of aggregation than groups or portfolios of contracts
       and then allocate the resulting fulfilment cash flows to individual groups of contracts in a systematic and rational
       way. The estimates of future cash flows shall be as follows: the estimates of future cash flows should be unbiased
       probability-weighted mean; the estimates of any relevant market variables should be consistent with observable
       market prices for those variables; the estimates of future cash flows should be based on currently available
       information and reflect conditions and assumptions at the measurement date; the estimates of future cash flows




                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance
       should be estimated separately from the adjustment for the time value of money and financial risk, unless the most
       appropriate measurement technique combines these estimates.
       The Group takes into account all the future cash flows within the boundary of each contract in a group of insurance
       contracts when estimating future cash flows. Cash flows are within the boundary of an insurance contract if they
       arise from the rights that enable the entity to compel the policyholder to pay the premiums or from the substantive
       obligations under which the entity is required to provide the policyholder with insurance contract services. The
       entity has no substantive obligation to provide insurance contract services to the policyholder when:
       •    the entity has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder and, as a result, can set a
            price or level of benefits that fully reflects those risks; or
       •    the entity has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio of insurance contracts that contains the
            contract and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risk of that portfolio, and the
            pricing of the premiums up to the date when the risks are reassessed does not take into account the risks that
            relate to periods after the reassessment date.
       The Group adjusts the fulfilment cash flows with appropriate discount rates to reflect the time value of money and




                                                                                                                                               Other information
       the financial risks related to those cash flows to the extent that the financial risks are not included in the estimates
       of cash flows. An appropriate discount rate shall meet all of the following requirements: reflects the time value of
       money, the characteristics of the cash flows and the liquidity characteristics of the insurance contracts; be consistent
       with observable current market prices for financial instruments with cash flows whose characteristics are consistent
       with those of the insurance contracts, and exclude the effect of factors that influence such observable market prices
       but do not affect the future cash flows of the insurance contracts.
       The Group considers and estimates risk adjustments for non-financial risk separately when estimating fulfilment cash
       flows to reflect the impact of non-financial risks on fulfilment cash flows.
       On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, the Group measures the total of:
       •    the fulfilment cash flows;
       •    the cash flows related to asset for insurance acquisition cash flows, and any other asset or liability derecognised
            at that date;
       •    cash flows arising from the contracts in the group at that date.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report
       If the total represents a net cash inflow, the Group recognises that as a contractual service margin; if it represents a
       net cash outflow, the Group recognises that as a loss in profit or loss of the period.

       Subsequent measurement
       The insurance contract liability is subsequently measured by the Group at each balance sheet date at the total of
       the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for incurred claims. The liability for remaining coverage includes
       the fulfilment cash flows related to unexpired coverage period allocated to the group at the balance sheet date and
       the contractual service margin of the group at that date. The liability for incurred claims includes the fulfilment cash
       flows related to claims and other related expenses incurred allocated to the group at the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   33
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      20.        Insurance contracts (continued)
      20.5       Measurement of insurance contracts (continued)
      20.5.1 General model (continued)
                 Subsequent measurement (continued)
                 For insurance contracts without direct participation features, the carrying amount of the contractual service margin
                 of a group of contracts at the balance sheet date is determined as the carrying amount at the start of the period as
                 adjusted for the following:
                 (a)    the effect of contracts added to the group of contracts in the period on the contractual service margin;
                 (b) interest accreted in the period on the carrying amount of contractual service margin, using the weighted
                     average interest rate (applicable to cash flows that do not vary based on the returns on any underlying items)
                     determined when contracts are recognised in that group of contracts;
                 (c)    the changes in fulfilment cash flows relating to future service, except to the extent that the increases in the
                        fulfilment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the contractual service margin, giving rise to a loss or
                        the decreases in the fulfilment cash flows are allocated to the loss component of the liability for remaining
                        coverage;
                 (d) the effect of currency exchange differences in the period on the contractual service margin; and
                 (e)    the amortisation of the contractual service margin in the period. The Group rationally determines the coverage
                        units of the group of contracts in each period of the coverage period based on the pattern of provision of
                        insurance contract services, and recognises insurance revenue accordingly over the current and future periods
                        by amortising the carrying amount of the contractual service margin as adjusted for (a) to (d) above.
                 The Group specifies, at inception of the relevant contracts, the basis on which it determines cash flow commitments,
                 e.g. based on a fixed interest rate or on returns that vary based on specified asset returns, in order to disaggregate
                 the changes in discretionary cash flows between those arising from changes in assumptions that relate to financial
                 risk and those arising from discretion. Those arising from discretion are treated as changes in fulfilment cash flows
                 relating to future services which adjust the contractual service margin, while contractual service margin will not be
                 adjusted for those arising from changes in assumptions that relate to financial risk.
                 The Group recognises the reduction in the liability for remaining coverage because of services provided in the period
                 as insurance revenue; The Group recognises the increase in the liability for incurred claims because of claims and
                 other related expenses incurred in the period and related subsequent changes in fulfilment cash flows as insurance
                 service expense. Any investment components in the insurance contracts are excluded when recognising insurance
                 revenue and insurance service expense.
                 The Group amortises the insurance acquisition cash flows related to groups of contracts in a systematic way on the
                 basis of the passage of time, and recognises the amount as insurance service expense in each period during the
                 coverage period and as insurance revenue at the same time to reflect the recovery of portions of the premiums that
                 relate to such cash flows.
                 The Group accounts for the changes in the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for incurred claims arising
                 from the effect of the time value of money and the effect of financial risk as insurance finance income or expenses.
                 Considering the related assets it holds and how it accounts for those assets, the Group makes the following
                 accounting policy choices to portfolios of insurance contracts between:
                 •      including insurance finance income or expenses for the period in profit or loss; or
                 •      disaggregating insurance finance income or expenses for the period between those included in profit or loss
                        and those included in other comprehensive income. Over the remaining duration of the group of contracts, the
                        amount included in the profit or loss of each period is determined using a systematic and rational allocation
                        method, and the difference between this amount and the total insurance finance income or expenses for the
                        period is included in other comprehensive income.




34    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Financial Report
                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

20.    Insurance contracts (continued)




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
20.5   Measurement of insurance contracts (continued)
20.5.1 General model (continued)
       Subsequent measurement (continued)
       Insurance finance income or expenses included in the profit or loss, is the insurance finance income or expenses
       that is included in the profit or loss of the current and subsequent periods. Insurance finance income or expenses
       included in the profit or loss comprises insurance finance expenses included in the profit or loss from the insurance
       contracts issued by the Group and reinsurance finance income included in the profit or loss from the reinsurance
       contracts held. The Group determines the amount of insurance finance income or expenses included in the profit or
       loss as follows:
       •     for groups of insurance contracts for which changes in assumptions that relate to financial risk do not have a
             substantial effect on the amounts paid to the policyholders, the Group applies the discount rates determined
             at the date of initial recognition of a group of contracts, applicable to cash flows that do not vary based on




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
             the returns on any underlying items, to determine the amount of the insurance finance income or expenses
             included in profit or loss;
       •     for groups of insurance contracts for which changes in assumptions that relate to financial risk have a
             substantial effect on the amounts paid to policyholders, the Group applies the effective yield approach or
             projected crediting rate approach based on the characteristics of the contracts, to determine the amount of the
             insurance finance income or expenses included in profit or loss.
       The Group changes the treatment results of accounting estimates made in interim financial statements in its
       subsequent interim and annual financial statements within the same annual period.
       When measuring a group of contracts that generate cash flows in a foreign currency, the Group treats the insurance
       contract liability as a monetary item, and applies CAS No. 19 – Foreign currency translation. At each balance sheet
       date, exchange differences on a group of contracts that generate cash flows in a foreign currency shall be included in
       profit or loss. For portfolios of insurance contracts that disaggregate insurance finance income or expenses between
       profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the exchange differences related to the amounts recognised in other
       comprehensive income are included in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                            Other information
20.5.2 Special measurement approach (“variable fee approach”) for groups of insurance contracts with direct
       participation features
       The Group assesses whether an insurance contract is an insurance contract with direct participation features at
       inception of the contract and does not reassess afterwards. The special measurement approach for insurance
       contracts with direct participation features is not applicable to reinsurance contracts issued and reinsurance
       contracts held.
       The Group estimates the fulfilment cash flows of the groups of insurance contracts with direct participation features
       at the difference between the fair value of the underlying items and the variable fee. The variable fee reflects the
       consideration received by the Group for providing investment-related services by managing the underlying items
       on behalf of the policyholder, and is equal to the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items less the
       fulfilment cash flows that do not vary based on the return on the underlying items.
       For insurance contracts with direct participation features, the carrying amount of the contractual service margin
       of a group of contracts at each balance sheet date equals the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period
       adjusted for:




                                                                                                                                            Financial report
       (a)   the effect of contracts added to the group in the period on the contractual service margin;




                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report   35
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      20.        Insurance contracts (continued)
      20.5       Measurement of insurance contracts (continued)
      20.5.2 Special measurement approach (“variable fee approach”) for groups of insurance contracts with direct
             participation features (continued)
                 (b) the change in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items, except to the extent
                     that:
                        •      if the Group mitigates the effect of financial risk using derivatives or reinsurance contracts held, when
                               specified conditions are met, the Group may choose to recognise the related changes in the effect of
                               the time value of money and financial risk on the amount of the Group’s share of the underlying items
                               as insurance finance income or expenses included in profit or loss. However, if the Group chooses to
                               disaggregate insurance finance income or expenses of such reinsurance contracts held between profit or
                               loss and other comprehensive income, the insurance finance income or expenses mentioned above should
                               also be disaggregated accordingly;
                        •      the decrease in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items exceeds the
                               carrying amount of the contractual service margin, giving rise to a loss;
                        •      the increase in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items reverses the loss
                               component of the liability for remaining coverage.
                 (c)    the changes in fulfilment cash flows relating to future service and do not vary based on the returns on
                        underlying items, except to the extent that:
                        •      if the Group mitigates the effect of financial risk using derivatives, reinsurance contracts held or non-
                               derivative financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, when specified conditions are
                               met, the Group may choose to recognise the related changes in the effect of the time value of money and
                               financial risk on the fulfilment cash flows as insurance finance income or expenses included in profit or loss.
                               However, if the Group chooses to disaggregate insurance finance income or expenses of such reinsurance
                               contracts held between profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the insurance finance income or
                               expenses mentioned above should also be disaggregated accordingly;
                        •      such increases in the fulfilment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the contractual service margin,
                               giving rise to a loss;
                        •      such decreases in the fulfilment cash flows are allocated to the loss component of the liability for remaining
                               coverage.
                 (d) the currency exchange differences in the period arising on the contractual service margin;
                 (e)    the amortisation of the contractual service margin in the period. The Group rationally determines the coverage
                        units of the group of contracts in each period of the coverage period based on the pattern of provision of
                        insurance contract services, and recognises insurance revenue accordingly over the current and future periods
                        by amortising the carrying amount of the contractual service margin as adjusted for (a) to (d) above.
                 For insurance contracts with direct participation features for which the Group holds the underlying items, when the
                 Group makes the accounting policy choice of disaggregating insurance finance income or expenses for the period
                 between profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the Group recognises insurance finance income or expenses
                 included in profit or loss at an amount that exactly match the income or expenses included in profit or loss for the
                 underlying items, except for the accounting treatment of the insurance finance income or expenses mentioned in (b)
                 and (c) above.

      20.5.3 Special measurement approach for onerous groups of contracts
                 If a group of insurance contracts is onerous at initial recognition, or if onerous contracts in a portfolio of contracts
                 are added to a group of onerous contracts, the Group recognises a loss as part of insurance service expenses in
                 the period and increases the carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage by the amount of such loss
                 component. At initial recognition, the carrying amount of the insurance contract liability for the onerous group of
                 contracts is equal to its fulfilment cash flows.
                 When one of the following conditions causes a group of insurance contracts to become onerous on subsequent
                 measurement, the Group recognises a loss as part of insurance service expenses in the period and increases the
                 liability for remaining coverage by the amount of such loss component:



36    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Financial Report
                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

20.    Insurance contracts (continued)




                                                                                                                                             Operating results
20.5   Measurement of insurance contracts (continued)
20.5.3 Special measurement approach for onerous groups of contracts (continued)
       •     changes relating to future service in the fulfilment cash flows arising from changes in estimates of future cash
             flows or the risk adjustment for non-financial risk exceed the carrying amount of the contractual service margin;
             or
       •     for a group of insurance contracts with direct participation features, the decreases in the amount of the
             Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items exceed the carrying amount of the contractual service
             margin.
       After the Group has recognised a loss on an onerous group of contracts, the Group allocates the following changes
       in the carrying amount of liability for remaining coverage on a systematic and rational basis between the loss
       component of the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for remaining coverage excluding the loss
       component:




                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
       (a)   the present value of future cash flows released because of incurred insurance service expenses;
       (b) changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk recognised in profit or loss because of the release from risk;
       (c)   insurance finance income or expenses.
       Any amounts allocated to the loss component shall not be recognised as insurance revenue.
       After the Group has recognised a loss on an onerous group of insurance contracts, the Group also:
       •     for increases relating to future service in fulfilment cash flows arising from changes in estimates of future cash
             flows or the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, and decreases in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair
             value of the underlying items for a group of insurance contracts with direct participation features, recognises a
             loss as part of insurance service expenses in the period and increases the liability for remaining coverage by the
             amount of such loss component;
       •     for decreases relating to future service in fulfilment cash flows arising from changes in estimates of future cash
             flows or the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, and increases in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair




                                                                                                                                             Other information
             value of the underlying items for a group of insurance contracts with direct participation features, decreases
             the loss component of the liability for remaining coverage and reduces the insurance service expenses in the
             period; the Group adjusts the contractual service margin for any excess of the decrease over the amount of the
             loss component.

20.5.4 Simplified approach (“premium allocation approach”) for measurement of groups of insurance contracts
       The Group may simplify the measurement of a group of insurance contracts using the premium allocation approach
       (“PAA”) if one of the following conditions is met:
       •     the Group reasonably expects that such simplification would produce a measurement of the liability for
             remaining coverage for the group that would not differ materially from the one that would be produced
             applying general model as mentioned above. This condition is not met if the fulfilment cash flows are expected
             to vary significantly during the period before a claim is incurred;
       •     the coverage period of each contract in the group is one year or less.
       For contracts issued to which the Group applies the premium allocation approach, the Group assumes no contracts
       in the portfolio are onerous at initial recognition, unless facts and circumstances indicate otherwise.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
       If insurance contracts in the group have a significant financing component, the Group shall adjust the carrying
       amount of the liability for remaining coverage to reflect the time value of money and the effect of financial risk using
       the discount rates as determined on initial recognition.




                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   37
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      20.        Insurance contracts (continued)
      20.5       Measurement of insurance contracts (continued)
      20.5.4 Simplified approach (“premium allocation approach”) for measurement of groups of insurance contracts
             (continued)
                 Using the premium allocation approach, on initial recognition, the carrying amount of the liability for remaining
                 coverage is the premiums received, minus any insurance acquisition cash flows at that date, and minus (or plus) any
                 amount arising from the derecognition at that date of any asset for insurance acquisition cash flows and any other
                 related asset or liability. At each balance sheet date, the carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage is
                 the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period plus the premiums received in the period, minus insurance
                 acquisition cash flows in the period, plus any amounts relating to the amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows
                 recognised as insurance service expenses and any adjustment to a financing component in the period, minus the
                 amount recognised as insurance revenue for services provided in that period, and minus any investment component
                 paid or transferred to the liability for incurred claims in the period. If at any time during the coverage period, facts
                 and circumstances indicate that a group of contracts are onerous, to the extent that the fulfilment cash flows exceed
                 the carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage determined in the way as mentioned above, the Group
                 recognises a loss as insurance service expenses in the period and increases the carrying amount of the liability for
                 remaining coverage.
                 The Group measures the liability for incurred claims at the fulfilment cash flows relating to incurred claims and
                 other related expenses. The Group takes into account the time value of money and the effect of financial risk when
                 measuring the related fulfilment cash flows.
                 The Group recognises the insurance revenue in the period at the amount of premiums received and expected to be
                 received (with any investment component excluded and any significant financing component adjusted) allocated
                 to the period. the Group allocates such adjusted premium received and expected to be received on the basis of
                 the passage of time during the coverage period; if the expected pattern of release of risk of the insurance contracts
                 during the coverage period differs significantly from the passage of time, then the allocation will be on the basis of
                 the expected timing of incurred insurance service expenses.

      20.6       Recognition and measurement of investment contracts with discretionary participation features
                 The Group accounts for the investment contract with discretionary participation features issued by the Group
                 applying the accounting treatments for insurance contracts, except for the special modifications listed below:
                 •      the date of initial recognition is the date the Group becomes a party to the contract;
                 •      cash flows are within the contract boundary if they result from a substantive obligation of the Group to deliver
                        cash. The Group has no substantive obligation to deliver cash if the Group has the practical ability to set a price
                        for the promise to deliver the cash that fully reflects the amount of cash promised and related risks;
                 •      the Group recognises the contractual service margin in profit or loss of the current and future periods over
                        the duration of the group of contracts in a systematic and rational way that reflects the transfer of investment
                        services.

      20.7       Recognition and measurement of groups of reinsurance contracts held
      20.7.1 Recognition of groups of reinsurance contracts held
                 The above accounting treatment for insurance contracts applies to the recognition and measurement of groups of
                 reinsurance contracts held, except as the modifications as specifically set out in this section (i.e., “Recognition and
                 measurement of groups of reinsurance contracts held”), however, the approaches for measuring groups of onerous
                 contracts do not apply to groups of reinsurance contracts held.
                 The Group recognises a group of reinsurance contracts held from the earlier of the beginning of the coverage
                 period of the group of reinsurance contracts held or the date the Group recognises an onerous group of underlying
                 insurance contracts. However, the Group recognises a group of reinsurance contracts held that provide proportionate
                 coverage from the earlier of the following: the later of the beginning of the coverage period of the group of
                 reinsurance contracts held or the date that any underlying insurance contract is initially recognised; or the date the
                 Group recognises an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts.




38    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Financial Report
                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

20.    Insurance contracts (continued)




                                                                                                                                             Operating results
20.7   Recognition and measurement of groups of reinsurance contracts held (continued)
20.7.2 Measurement of groups of reinsurance contracts held
       On initial recognition of a group of reinsurance contracts held, the Group measures the asset for reinsurance
       contracts held at the total of the fulfilment cash flows and the contractual service margin. The contractual service
       margin for a group of reinsurance contracts held represents the net cost or net gain from the insurance contract
       services to be provided to the Group by the reinsurer.
       When the Group measures the estimates of the present value of the future cash flows for the group of reinsurance
       contracts held, it uses the assumptions that are consistent with those used in the estimates of the present value of
       the future cash flows for the group of underlying insurance contracts, and takes into account the effect of any risk of
       non-performance by the issuer of the reinsurance contract.
       The Group determines the risk adjustment for non-financial risk based on the amount of risk being transferred by the
       holder of the group of reinsurance contracts to the issuer of those contracts.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
       On initial recognition of a group of reinsurance contracts held, the Group calculates the total of:
       •     the fulfilment cash flows;
       •     the cash flows related to asset or liability derecognised at that date;
       •     any cash flows arising at that date;
       •     the loss-recovery component of the asset for remaining coverage of reinsurance contracts held.
       The Group recognises the net cost or net gain represented by the above total as a contractual service margin. If the
       net cost relates to events that occurred before the purchase of the reinsurance contracts, the Group recognises such
       a cost immediately in profit or loss as an expense.
       The assets for reinsurance contracts held is subsequently measured by the Group at each balance sheet date at the
       total of the asset for remaining coverage and the asset for incurred claims. The asset for remaining coverage includes
       the fulfilment cash flows related to unexpired coverage period allocated to the group of reinsurance contracts held
       at the balance sheet date and the contractual service margin of the group at that date. The asset for incurred claims




                                                                                                                                             Other information
       includes the fulfilment cash flows related to recovery of claims and other related expenses incurred allocated to the
       group of reinsurance contracts held at the balance sheet date.
       If the reinsurance contract held is entered into before or at the same time as the onerous underlying insurance
       contracts are recognised, when the Group recognises a loss on initial recognition of an onerous group of underlying
       insurance contracts or on addition of onerous underlying insurance contracts to a group, the Group recognises
       a loss-recovery component of the asset for remaining coverage for such groups of reinsurance contracts held by
       multiplying (a) the loss recognised on the underlying insurance contracts; and (b) the percentage of claims on the
       underlying insurance contracts the Group expects to recover from the group of reinsurance contracts held. The
       Group recognises the amount calculated above as an adjustment to contractual service margin and simultaneously
       as recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers in profit or loss of the period.
       When the Group measures the groups of reinsurance contracts held, it adjusts the loss-recovery component to reflect
       changes in the loss components of the onerous underlying insurance contracts, with the carrying amount of the
       loss-recovery component not exceeding the portion of the carrying amount of the loss components of the onerous
       underlying insurance contracts that the Group expects to recover from the group of reinsurance contracts held.
       The Group measures the contractual service margin at each balance sheet date for a group of reinsurance contracts




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
       held as the carrying amount determined at the start of the reporting period, adjusted for:
       (a)   the effect of contracts added to the group of contracts in the period on the contractual service margin;
       (b) interest accreted in the period on the contractual service margin, using the weighted average interest rates
           (applicable to cash flows that do not vary based on returns on any underlying items) determined when the
           contracts in the group of contracts are recognised;
       (c)   the loss-recovery component of the asset for remaining coverage recognised on initial recognition of an onerous
             group of underlying insurance contracts or on addition of onerous underlying insurance contracts to a group,
             and reversals of a loss-recovery component of the asset for remaining coverage to the extent those reversals are
             not changes in the fulfilment cash flows of the group of reinsurance contracts held;



                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   39
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      20.        Insurance contracts (continued)
      20.7       Recognition and measurement of groups of reinsurance contracts held (continued)
      20.7.2 Measurement of groups of reinsurance contracts held (continued)
                 (d) the changes in the fulfilment cash flows relating to future service, other than the change resulting from a
                     change in fulfilment cash flows allocated to a group of underlying insurance contracts that does not adjust
                     the contractual service margin for the group of underlying insurance contracts, or the change resulting from
                     recognition or reversal of losses from onerous groups of underlying contracts measured applying the premium
                     allocation approach;
                 (e)    the effect of any currency exchange differences in the period arising on the contractual service margin;
                 (f)    the amortisation of the contractual service margin in the period. The Group rationally determines the coverage
                        units of the group of reinsurance contracts held in each period of the coverage period based on the pattern
                        of receipt of insurance contract services, and recognises profit or loss accordingly over the current and future
                        periods by amortising the carrying amount of the contractual service margin as adjusted for (a) to (e) above.
                 Changes in the fulfilment cash flows that result from changes in the risk of non-performance by the issuer of a
                 reinsurance contract held do not relate to future service and shall not adjust the contractual service margin.
                 The Group recognises the reduction in the asset for remaining coverage because of insurance contract services
                 received from the reinsurer in the period as allocation of reinsurance premiums paid. The Group recognises the
                 increase in the asset for incurred claims because of claims and other related expenses incurred in the period that are
                 expected to be reimbursed and any subsequent related changes in fulfilment cash flows as recoveries of insurance
                 service expenses from reinsurers.
                 The Group treats amounts from the reinsurer that it expects to receive that are not contingent on claims of the
                 underlying contracts as the reduction to the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid. Allocation of reinsurance
                 premiums paid and recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurer recognised in profit or loss excludes any
                 investment components of the reinsurance contracts held.
                 The Group may use the premium allocation approach to simplify the measurement of a group of reinsurance
                 contracts held, if one of the following conditions is met:
                 •      the Group reasonably expects the measurement result of the group of reinsurance contracts held applying
                        premium allocation approach would not differ materially from the measurement result without applying the
                        premium allocation approach. This condition is not met if significant variability in the fulfilment cash flows is
                        expected during the period before a claim is incurred;
                 •      the coverage period of each contract in the group of reinsurance contracts held is one year or less.

      20.8       Modification and derecognition
                 If the modification of terms of an insurance contract meets one of the following conditions, the Group derecognises
                 the original contract and recognises the modified contract as a new contract.
                 •      if the modified terms had been included at contract inception, one of the following situations occurs:
                        (i)    the modified contract would have been excluded from the scope of Accounting Standard for Business
                               Enterprises on insurance contracts;
                        (ii)   the Group would have separated different components from the host insurance contract, resulting in
                               a different insurance contract to which the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises on insurance
                               contracts would have applied;
                        (iii) the modified contract would have had a substantially different contract boundary;
                        (iv) the modified contract would have been included in a different group of contracts.
                 •      the original contract met the definition of an insurance contract with direct participation features, but the
                        modified contract no longer meets that definition, or vice versa;
                 •      the Group applied the premium allocation approach to the original contract, but the modified contract no
                        longer meets the eligibility criteria for the premium allocation approach.
                 If a contract modification meets none of the conditions above, the Group treats changes in cash flows caused by the
                 modification as changes in estimates of fulfilment cash flows.


40    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

20.    Insurance contracts (continued)




                                                                                                                                              Operating results
20.8   Modification and derecognition (continued)
       The Group derecognises an insurance contract when the obligation specified in the insurance contract is discharged
       or cancelled or expires. The Group derecognises an insurance contract by applying the following:
       •     the fulfilment cash flows of the group to which the insurance contract belongs are adjusted to eliminate the
             present value of the future cash flows and risk adjustment for non-financial risk relating to the rights and
             obligations that have been derecognised;
       •     the contractual service margin of the group of contracts is adjusted;
       •     the number of coverage units for current and future periods of the group of contracts is adjusted.
       When the Group modifies the original contract and recognises the new contract, the Group adjusts the contractual
       service margin of the group from which the original contract has been derecognised for the difference between
       the change in the fulfilment cash flows of the group of insurance contracts resulting from the derecognition of
       the original contract, and the premium charged had it entered into a contract with equivalent terms as the new




                                                                                                                                              Corporate governance
       contract at the date of modification, less any additional premium charged for the modification of the contract. The
       Group measures the group to which the new contract belongs assuming that the Group receives the net premium
       mentioned above at the date of the modification.
       When the Group derecognises an insurance contract because it transfers the contract, the Group adjusts the
       contractual service margin of the group from which the contract has been derecognised for the difference between
       the change in the fulfilment cash flows of the group of insurance contracts resulting from the derecognition of the
       contract and the premium charged by the transferee.
       When the Group derecognises an insurance contract (other than insurance contracts with direct participation
       features for which the Group holds the underlying items) because of modification or transfer, it reclassifies the
       balance of the other comprehensive income recognised for the contract in prior periods to profit or loss in that
       period.

20.9   Presentation
       If the carrying amount of a portfolio of insurance contracts issued by the Group is a credit (debit) balance, it is
       presented as an insurance contract liability (asset); If the carrying amount of a portfolio of reinsurance contracts held




                                                                                                                                              Other information
       is a debit (credit) balance, it is presented as a reinsurance contract asset (liability). The carrying amount of the assets
       for insurance acquisition cash flows at each balance sheet date is included in the carrying amount of the related
       portfolios of insurance contracts.

21.    Provisions
       The obligations pertinent to contingencies are recognised as provisions when the following conditions are satisfied
       concurrently:
       (1)   it is a present obligation of the Group;
       (2)   it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation;
       (3)   the amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.
       When the discounting effect is material, the amount of a provision is the present value at the balance sheet date of
       the future cash flow expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value
       arising from the passage of time is included in interest expenses.




                                                                                                                                              Financial report
       A provision is initially measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present
       obligation. Factors surrounding a contingency, such as the risks, uncertainties and the time value of money, are
       taken into account as a whole in reaching the best estimate of a provision. The Group reviews the carrying amount
       of the provisions at the end of the reporting period. If there is substantial evidence that the carrying amount cannot
       actually reflect the current best estimate, the Group will adjust the carrying amount in accordance with the current
       best estimate.




                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report   41
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      22.        Dividend distribution
                 The loss compensation and dividend distribution approved by the shareholders’ meeting are recognised in the
                 current period of approval.

      23.        Revenue
                 Insurance revenue
                 For insurance contracts issued by the Group, the Group uses the groups of contracts as measurement units and
                 recognises insurance revenue in the periods when insurance contract services are provided.

                 Interest income
                 Interest income is determined by using the effective interest method, based on the length of time for which the
                 Group’s cash is used by others. Effective interest rate is applied to discounts the estimated future cash flows
                 through the expected life of the financial asset to the net carrying amount of the financial assets.

                 Management fee income
                 Management fee income is calculated in accordance with the calculation method specified in the contracts on an
                 accrual basis. Management fees are recognised at agreed contractual basis rates if revenue recognition principles
                 and fee accrual criteria are met.

      24.        Leases
                 A contract is, or contains, a lease if it conveys the right to control the use of an asset for a period of time in exchange
                 for consideration.
                 As the lessee, the Group shall recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at the commencement date. The only
                 exceptions are short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. Right-of-use assets are the assets that represent the
                 Group’s rights to use an underlying asset for the lease term. The commencement date is the date on which a lessor
                 makes an underlying asset available for use by the Group.
                 The right-of-use assets of the Group are initially measured at cost. The cost of right-of-use asset shall comprise:
                 (1)    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
                 (2)    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
                 (3)    any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
                 (4)    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring
                        the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                        conditions of the lease.
                 The Group depreciates the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life
                 of the right-of-use asset and the end of the lease term.
                 The Group measures the lease liabilities at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                 commencement date. Lease payments includes fixed payments and the payments for terminating the lease with
                 an option to terminate the lease, etc. Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If
                 that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group use the incremental borrowing rate. Interest on the lease liability
                 in each period during the lease term shall be the amount that produces a constant periodic rate of interest on the
                 remaining balance of the lease liability and is recognised in profit or loss.
                 Payments related to short-term leases and low-value asset leases are recognised in related asset costs or profit or
                 loss on a straight-line basis over each lease term. Short-term lease is the lease that, at the commencement date, has
                 a lease term of 12 months or less. Lease of low-value asset is the lease for which the individual underlying asset is of
                 low value when it is new.
                 As the lessor, the income from operating lease is recognised as rental income on a straight-line basis over each lease
                 period.




42    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Financial Report
                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

25.    Government grants




                                                                                                                                                Operating results
       Government grants are recognised when the grants can be received, and the Group can comply with all attached
       conditions. If a government grant is a monetary asset, it will be measured at the amount received or receivable. If a
       government grant is a non-monetary asset, it will be measured at its fair value. If it is unable to obtain its fair value
       reliably, it will be measured at its nominal amount.
       Government grants for purchasing, building or forming long-term assets in other methods regulated in government
       documents are recognised as government grants related to assets. Judgements should be made based on the
       necessary basic conditions for obtaining the government grants when government documents are unclearly stated.
       Government grants with purchasing, building or forming long-term assets in other methods as basic condition, are
       recognised, as government grants related to assets, whereas the rest as government grants related to income.
       Government grants related to income that compensate the future costs, expenses or losses are recorded as deferred
       income and recognised in profit or loss, or deducted costs against related costs, expenses or losses in the period of
       recognising the related expenses or costs; government grants related to income that compensate the incurred costs,
       expenses or losses are recognised in profit or loss, or deducted against related costs directly in the current period.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate governance
       Government grants related to assets are either deducted against the carrying amount of the assets or recorded as
       deferred income. Government grants related to assets and recorded as deferred income are recognised in profit or
       loss on a systemic basis over the useful lives of the assets. Government grants measured at their nominal amounts
       are directly recognised in profit or loss for the current period. Where the related assets are sold, transferred, scraped
       or destroyed before the end of their useful lives, the undistributed deferred revenue shall be transferred to profit or
       loss for the period in which the assets are disposed of. Government grants comprising of both assets-related portion
       and income-related portion are accounted separately, and those difficult to distinguish are classified as income-
       related as a whole.
       Government grants related to daily activities of the Group are included in other income or deducted against related
       costs or expenses in accordance with business nature. Government grants not related to daily activities of the Group
       are included in non-operating income or expenses.

26.    Income tax
       Income tax comprises current and deferred income tax. Except to the extent that the tax arises from a transaction
       or event which is recognised directly in equity, all the income tax should be expensed or credited to profit or loss as
       appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                Other information
       The Group measures the current income tax liabilities or assets formed in the current period and previous periods
       according to the income tax amount which is required to pay or return expectedly under the regulations of tax law.
       It is based on tax rates applicable in the countries or regions where the Group operates at the balance sheet date,
       taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries or regions in which the Group
       operates.
       The Group measures deferred income tax using the statement of balance sheet liability method according to the
       temporary difference between the carrying amount of an asset or liability at the end of the reporting period and its
       tax base, and the temporary difference between the carrying amount of an item not recognised as an asset or liability
       at the end of the reporting period and its tax base.
       Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
       (1)   When the taxable temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill, or an asset or liability in
             a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting
             profit nor taxable profit or deductible loss and the initial recognition of assets and liabilities does not give rise
             to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.




                                                                                                                                                Financial report
       (2)   In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
             ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
             the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.
       Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carry-forward of unused
       tax credits and any deductible losses. Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
       taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused
       tax credits and deductible losses can be utilised, except:




                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   43
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      26.        Income tax (continued)
                 (1)    When the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                        transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affect neither the accounting
                        profit nor taxable profit or deductible loss and the initial recognition of assets and liabilities does not give rise
                        to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                 (2)    In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                        ventures, deferred income tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
                        differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
                        temporary differences can be utilised.
                 At the balance sheet date, the Group measures the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
                 according to tax laws and regulations and based on applicable tax rate occurred in the period when the assets are
                 repossessed or the liabilities are liquidated expectedly, which reflects the influence of the income tax on expectedly
                 repossessed assets or liquidated liabilities at the balance sheet date.
                 At the balance sheet date, the Group reviews the carrying amount of the deferred income tax assets. The carrying
                 amount of deferred income tax assets is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
                 income will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised. At the balance sheet date,
                 the Group reassesses the unrecognised deferred income tax assets and recognises deferred income tax assets within
                 the limit that the amount of income tax payable is sufficient to reverse all of or part of deferred income tax assets.
                 If the Group has the legal right to settle current income tax assets and current income tax liabilities through net
                 amount, and the deferred income tax is relevant to the same taxpayer and the same tax collection and administration
                 department, the net amount, obtained after the deferred income tax assets and the deferred income tax liabilities are
                 offset, is presented.

      27.        Employee benefits
                 Employee benefits refer to all forms of consideration or compensation given by the Group in exchange for service
                 rendered by employees or for termination of employment relationship. Employee benefits include short-term
                 employee benefits, post-employment benefits, termination benefits and other long-term employee benefits.
                 According to relevant Chinese laws and regulations, all employees of the Group within the territory of China must
                 participate in employee social security plans, including pension schemes, medical insurance, housing fund and other
                 welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. For Hong Kong employees of the
                 Group, the Group participates in the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in accordance with the contribution ratio
                 required by corresponding regulations.
                 The Group’s obligation to the above social securities is to pay social pooling insurance fees to social insurance
                 authorities in accordance with the prescribed percentage of total wages. The contribution shall be managed and
                 paid to retired employees through labour and social welfare authorities in accordance with the provisions. There are
                 no forfeited contributions in the social security plans. Forfeited contributions by those employees are not used to
                 reduce the existing level of contributions.
                 The Group’s employees in some regions of China have also participated in the employer-sponsored enterprise
                 annuity plan (the “Annuity Plan”). The Group shall contribute to the Annuity Fund in accordance with agreed base
                 and percentage. Forfeited contributions by those employees who quit the Annuity Plan prior to the full vesting of
                 their contributions are not used to reduce the existing level of contributions but are transferred to the public account
                 of the Annuity Plan to be allocated to the members of the Annuity Plan after fulfilling the approval procedures by the
                 Group.
                 In addition, the Group is not liable for any significant legal obligation or constructive obligation to further pay
                 employee retirement benefits. Above expenses are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. The above retirement
                 benefit plan falls into the defined contribution plan.
                 The Group pays various benefit expenses for employees who accept voluntary retirement before the normal
                 retirement date stipulated by the state as approved by the Group from the month after the early retirement through
                 the normal retirement date stipulated by the state, including the retirement pensions, and various insurance
                 coordination fees to local social insurance authorities, etc. For early retirement benefits qualified for recognition, the
                 salaries and social security contributions to be paid to and for the early retired employees from the off-duty date to
                 the normal retirement date are recognised by the Group as liabilities and charged to profit or loss for the current
                 period.




44    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Financial Report
                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

27.    Employee benefits (continued)




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
       The Group also operates deferred bonus plans for senior management and some of the key employees, which are
       accrued during the periods when employees provide services and are recognised as liabilities. The bonus is awarded
       based on the Group’s annual performance appraisal indicators for the employees and the enterprises, and the
       payment is deferred.

28.    Fair value measurement
       Fair value is the price obtained from selling an asset or paid for transferring a liability in an orderly transaction
       among market participants on the measurement date. The Group measures relevant assets or liabilities at fair value.
       It is assumed that the sale of the assets or the transfer of liabilities is carried out in the principal market for the
       assets or liabilities. In case of no principal market, the Group assumes that the transaction is carried out in the most
       advantageous market for the assets or liabilities. The principal market (or the most advantageous market) is the
       trade market that the Group can enter on the measurement date. The Group adopts the assumptions that market
       participants use to maximise their economic benefits when pricing the assets or liabilities.
       To measure non-financial assets at fair value, consider the ability of market participants to generate economic




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
       benefits by using the asset for optimal purpose, or to sell the asset to other market participants who are able to use
       it for optimal purpose.
       The Group adopts the valuation technique that is applicable in the current circumstances and contains sufficient
       available data and other information supports, chooses inputs with features of assets or liabilities that are consistent
       with those market participants consider in related transactions of assets or liabilities, and should give priority to
       relevant observable inputs. Unobservable inputs are adopted only when relevant observable inputs are not available
       or feasible.

29.    Contingent liabilities
       Contingent liabilities are obligations arising from past events that may require the Group to assume. The Group does
       not recognise such obligations as they arise from events that cannot be fully controlled by the Group, or the outflow
       of economic benefits resulted from such obligations cannot be reliably measured. They are recognised as contingent
       liabilities when the above events that cannot be fully controlled by the Group occur or the outflow of economic
       benefits of such obligations can be reliably measured.

30.    Summary of significant accounting judgements and accounting estimates




                                                                                                                                            Other information
       The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
       that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent
       liabilities at the balance sheet date. However, the uncertainty of these assumptions and estimates may result in
       outcomes that may require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the
       future. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated by the Group based on historical experience and other
       factors, including expectations of future events that are deemed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

       Significant judgements
       In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, the management has made the following judgements,
       which have significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:
       (1)   Business models
             The classification of financial assets at initial recognition should be based on the Group’s business model for
             managing the financial assets. When determining the business model, what the Group considers include how
             the performance of financial assets are evaluated and reported to the key management, the risks affecting the




                                                                                                                                            Financial report
             performance of financial assets and the way in which those risks are managed and how the relevant managers
             of the business are compensated, etc.
       (2)   Contractual cash flow characteristics
             The classification of financial assets at initial recognition should be based on the financial asset’s contractual
             cash flow characteristics, and the judgements on whether the contractual cash flows are consistent with a
             basic lending arrangement, which are solely payments of principal and interest on the outstanding principal.
             For example, when assessing the modification of the time value of money in the contractual cash flows, the
             judgement is needed to determine whether there is any significant difference from the benchmark cash flows,
             etc.



                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report   45
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      30.        Summary of significant accounting judgements and accounting estimates (continued)
                 Significant judgements (continued)
                 (3)    Determination of control over structured entities
                        When determining whether the Group controls the structured entities in which it acts as an asset manager,
                        the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it is acting as an agent or as a
                        principal to make decisions. If the Group is acting as a principal, it controls the structured entities. In assessing
                        whether the Group is acting as a principal, the Group considers factors such as scope of the asset manager’s
                        decision-making authority in structured entities; substantial rights held by other parties, remuneration to which
                        it is entitled and exposure to variability of returns by holding interest in the structured entities. Once the factors
                        change because of the changes of relevant facts and circumstances, the Group will reassess.
                 (4)    Level of aggregation and recognition of insurance contracts
                        For insurance contracts issued to which the premium allocation approach is not applied, judgement is needed in
                        assessing whether contracts that are onerous at initial recognition or have no significant possibility of becoming
                        onerous subsequently, including the consideration of:
                        •      the likelihood of changes in assumptions which, if they occurred, would result in the contracts becoming
                               onerous; and
                        •      information used to make estimates of the profitability of the products.
                 (5)    Appropriateness of measurement methods for insurance contracts
                        The Group assesses at inception of the insurance contracts whether they meet the conditions for applying
                        premium allocation approach or variable fee approach. When making such assessments, management’s
                        judgement is needed based on a combined consideration of the contractual characteristics and relevant facts
                        and circumstances.
                 (6)    Determination of the coverage units
                        The Group allocates the contractual service margin to each coverage unit provided in the current period and
                        expected to be provided in the future and recognises the allocated amounts to profit or loss in the current
                        or future periods. The Group determines the number of coverage units in a group of contracts in each period
                        during the coverage period based on the pattern of the provision of insurance contract services properly,
                        i.e., considering the amount or quantity of the benefits provided under each contract and expected coverage
                        period.
                        The Group estimates the amount or quantity of benefits provided by insurance contracts based on the pattern
                        of the provision of insurance coverage service, investment-return service and investment-related service (if
                        applicable) and the consideration of characteristics of the terms and claims of insurance contracts. For contracts
                        providing multiple services, the Group estimates the relative weighting of the services based on the factors
                        related to each service (including the maximum claim amount, investment components, etc).
                        The Group estimates the expected coverage period based on the terms of insurance contracts and the mortality
                        and morbidity, surrender rates etc. as mentioned in the section ‘Measurement of fulfilment cash flows of
                        insurance contracts’.

                 Estimation uncertainty
                 The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the balance sheet
                 date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
                 within the next financial years, are detailed below:




46    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




III.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
       (continued)

30.    Summary of significant accounting judgements and accounting estimates (continued)




                                                                                                                                           Operating results
       Estimation uncertainty (continued)
       (1)   Measurement of fulfilment cash flows of insurance contracts
             As at the balance sheet date, when measuring the insurance contract liabilities, the Group needs to make a
             reasonable estimate of the fulfilment cash flows within the boundary of each insurance contract. The estimates
             of the fulfilment cash flows are determined by the possible outcomes and associated possibilities calculated
             under all circumstances, considering all reasonable and supportable information available at the balance sheet
             date without undue cost or effort, with consideration of certain non-financial risk.
             The main assumptions used in measuring fulfilment cash flows include discount rates, insurance incident
             occurrence rates (mainly including mortality and morbidity), loss ratios, surrender rates, expenses, policy
             dividend assumptions and risk adjustment for non-financial risk etc.
             (a)   Discount rates
             For cash flows of insurance contracts that do not vary based on the returns on underlying items, the discount




                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
             rates are determined by a bottom-up approach, on the basis of considering the impact of the time value of
             money, the discounted rates assumption is determined by adding comprehensive premiums to the underlying
             interest rate curve. The comprehensive premiums include taxation impacts, the liquidity, and other relevant
             factors. The discounted rates assumption adopted as at 31 December 2024 was 1.73% to 4.80% (31 December
             2023: 2.67% to 4.80%).
             For cash flows of insurance contracts that vary based on the returns on underlying items, the discount rates are
             determined based on expected rate of returns of the corresponding investment portfolio.
             The assumption of discount rates is affected by uncertain factors, such as future macro-economy, capital
             market, availability of investment channel of insurance funds, investment strategy and other factors. The Group
             determines discount rate assumption based on the information available at the balance sheet date.
             (b) Mortality and morbidity
             Mortality assumption is determined based on the Group’s historical mortality experiences as well as current
             and expected future development trends, etc. The Group presents its mortality assumptions using appropriate
             percentages of China Life Insurance Mortality Table (2010-2013).




                                                                                                                                           Other information
             Morbidity assumption is determined based on the industry’s morbidity or the Group’s products pricing
             assumption, analysis of historical morbidity experiences and expectations of current and future developments.
             The uncertainty of mortality and morbidity are affected by factors, such as national lifestyle changes in the
             future, future development of medical technologies, continuing advancements in social conditions and other
             factors. The Group determines mortality and morbidity assumption based on all reasonable and supportable
             information available at the balance sheet date.
             (c)   Loss ratios
             The Group determines reasonable estimates as loss ratio assumptions based on analysis of its historical claim
             experience and future development trends.
             (d) Surrender rates
             Surrender rate assumption is determined based on the Group’s product types, the historical experiences, and
             estimates on current and future expectations. The surrender rate assumption varies by interest rates, product
             types and sale channels. The uncertainty of surrender rate is affected by factors, such as future macro-economy




                                                                                                                                           Financial report
             and market competition. The Group determines surrender rate assumption based on all reasonable and
             supportable information available at the balance sheet date.
             (e)   Expenses
             Expense assumption is determined based on the analysis of expense and future expectation, including insurance
             acquisition cash flows, policy administration and maintenance costs, claim expenses, etc.
             The uncertainty of expenses is affected by factors, such as inflation, and market competition. The Group
             determines expense assumption based on all reasonable and supportable information available at the balance
             sheet date.




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   47
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      III.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                 (continued)

      30.        Summary of significant accounting judgements and accounting estimates (continued)
                 Estimation uncertainty (continued)
                 (1)    Measurement of fulfilment cash flows of insurance contracts (continued)
                        (f)    Policy dividend
                        Policy dividend assumption is determined based on expected rate of returns of participating accounts, the
                        Group’s dividend policy, reasonable expectations of policyholders, etc.
                        The uncertainty of policy dividend is affected by the above factors. The Group determines policy dividend
                        assumption based on all reasonable and supportable information available at the balance sheet date.
                        (g) Risk adjustment for non-financial risk
                        The Group applies techniques such as confidence level technique to determine the risk adjustment for non-
                        financial risk. As at 31 December 2024, the confidence level for insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts
                        that the Group issued and measured is 75% (the confidence level as at 31 December 2023: 75%).
                 (2)    Fair values of financial assets determined using valuation techniques
                        Fair value, in the absence of an active market, is estimated by using valuation techniques, such as reference to
                        prices used in the most recent market transactions between knowledgeable and willing parties, reference to
                        the current fair value of another instrument which is substantially the same, a discounted cash flow analysis and
                        option pricing models. For reference to other financial instruments, the instruments must have similar credit
                        ratings.
                        For a discounted cash flow analysis, estimated future cash flows and discount rates are the best estimations
                        made based on current market information and rates applicable to financial instruments with similar yields,
                        credit quality and maturity characteristics. Estimated future cash flows are influenced by factors such as
                        economic conditions, concentrations in specific industries, types of instruments or currencies, market liquidity
                        and financial conditions of counterparties. Discount rates are influenced by risk-free interest rates and credit
                        risk.
                 (3)    Impairment of financial instruments
                        The Group uses the expected credit loss model to assess the impairment of financial instruments. The Group is
                        required to perform significant judgement and estimation and take into account all reasonable and supportable
                        information, including forward-looking information. When making such judgements and estimates, the Group
                        infers the expected changes in the debtor’s credit risk based on historical repayment data combined with
                        economic policies, macroeconomic indicators, industry risks and other factors.




48    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




IV.   TAXES
      The main types of taxes and tax rates applicable to the Group in China are set out below:

      Corporate income tax                             – 25% on its taxable income under current tax laws and relevant regulations




                                                                                                                                                                                          Operating results
      Value-added tax (“VAT”)                          – The taxable value-added amount (Tax payable is calculated using the taxable sales amount multiplied
                                                         by the applicable tax rate less deductible VAT input of the current period) determined under current
                                                         tax laws and relevant regulations, applicable tax rates: 3%, 5%, 6%, 9% or 13%

      City maintenance and construction tax            – 1%, 5% or 7% of the VAT actually paid

      Educational supplementary tax                    – 3% of the VAT actually paid

      Local educational supplementary tax              – 2% of the VAT actually paid

      The main types of taxes and tax rates of payable by the Group with regard to its overseas businesses are paid in
      accordance with relevant regulations of local tax laws.
      The taxes to be paid by the Group will be verified by relevant tax authorities.

V.    SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

1.    Particulars of the Company’s incorporated subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate governance
                                                                                                                    Issued capital        Percentage of
                                                                                                      Registered                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                         /Paid-up    equity attributable
                                                        Business                                   capital (RMB                                                  of voting
                                                                          Place of                                  capital (RMB       to the Company
                                      Type of          scope and                        Place of       thousand,                                                     rights
      Name                                                           incorporation/                                     thousand,                   (%)                       Note
                                   legal entity         principal                     operations           unless                                          attributable to
                                                                       registration                                         unless
                                                        activities                                     otherwise                                            the Company
                                                                                                                        otherwise     Direct   Indirect
                                                                                                      specified)                                                       (%)
                                                                                                                        specified)

      China Pacific Property       Joint stock
                                                    Property and
        Insurance Co., Ltd.            limited                           Shanghai      The PRC       19,948,088       19,948,088      98.50           –             98.50
                                               casualty insurance
        (“CPIC Property”)            company

      China Pacific Life           Joint stock
                                                  Life and health
        Insurance Co., Ltd.            limited                           Shanghai      The PRC        8,628,200        8,628,200      98.29           –             98.29
                                                        insurance
        (“CPIC Life”)                company

      Pacific Asset Management        Limited
                                                     Investment
        Co., Ltd. (“CPIC Asset        liability                          Shanghai      Shanghai       2,100,000        2,100,000      80.00       19.67            100.00
                                                    management
        Management”)                 company

      China Pacific Insurance         Limited       Property and




                                                                                                                                                                                          Other information
                                                                                                   HK$ 250,000      HK$ 250,000
        Co., (H.K.) Ltd. (“CPIC       liability          casualty      Hong Kong      Hong Kong                                      100.00           –            100.00
                                                                                                      thousand         thousand
        H.K.”)                       company           insurance

      Shanghai Pacific Insurance
                                      Limited
        Real Estate Management                       Real estate
                                      liability                          Shanghai      Shanghai         115,000          115,000     100.00           –            100.00
        Co., Ltd. (“CPIC Real                       management
                                     company
        Estate”)

      Changjiang Pension           Joint stock    Pension fund
        Insurance Co., Ltd.            limited   and insurance           Shanghai      Shanghai       3,000,000        3,000,000           –      61.10             62.16
        (“Changjiang Pension”)       company asset management

      CPIC Investment
        Management (H.K.)             Limited
                                                     Investment                                    HK$ 200,000      HK$ 200,000
        Company Limited               liability                        Hong Kong      Hong Kong                                       12.25       87.46            100.00
                                                    management                                        thousand         thousand
        (“CPIC Investment            company
        (H.K.)”)




                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                                               2024 Annual Report    49
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      V.         SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)

      1.         Particulars of the Company’s incorporated subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                                                     Issued capital        Percentage of
                                                                                                                       Registered                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                                          /Paid-up    equity attributable
                                                                        Business                                    capital (RMB                                                  of voting
                                                                                          Place of                                   capital (RMB       to the Company
                                                  Type of              scope and                        Place of        thousand,                                                     rights
                  Name                                                               incorporation/                                      thousand,                   (%)                       Note
                                               legal entity             principal                     operations            unless                                          attributable to
                                                                                       registration                                          unless
                                                                        activities                                      otherwise                                            the Company
                                                                                                                                         otherwise     Direct   Indirect
                                                                                                                       specified)                                                       (%)
                                                                                                                                         specified)

                                                    Limited                                           The British
                  City Island Developments                            Investment       The British
                                                    liability                                              Virgin    US$ 50,000         US$ 1,000           –      98.29            100.00
                    Limited (“City Island”)                              holding     Virgin Islands
                                                   company                                                Islands

                                                    Limited                                           The British
                                                                      Investment       The British
                  Great Winwick Limited*            liability                                              Virgin    US$ 50,000           US$ 100           –      98.29            100.00
                                                                         holding     Virgin Islands
                                                   company                                                Islands

                                                    Limited
                  Great Winwick (Hong                                 Investment
                                                    liability                          Hong Kong      Hong Kong      HK$ 10,000             HK$ 1           –      98.29            100.00
                    Kong) Limited *                                      holding
                                                   company

                                                    Limited                                           The British
                  Newscott Investments                                Investment       The British
                                                    liability                                              Virgin    US$ 50,000           US$ 100           –      98.29            100.00
                    Limited *                                            holding     Virgin Islands
                                                   company                                                Islands

                                                    Limited
                  Newscott (Hong Kong)                                Investment
                                                    liability                          Hong Kong      Hong Kong      HK$ 10,000             HK$ 1           –      98.29            100.00
                    Investments Limited *                                holding
                                                   company

                  Shanghai Xin Hui Property         Limited
                                                                                                                     US$ 15,600       US$ 15,600
                    Development Co., Ltd. *         liability         Real estate        Shanghai       Shanghai                                            –      98.29            100.00
                                                                                                                       thousand         thousand
                    (“Xin Hui Property”)           company

                  Shanghai He Hui Property          Limited
                                                                                                                     US$ 46,330       US$ 46,330
                    Development Co., Ltd. *         liability         Real estate        Shanghai       Shanghai                                            –      98.29            100.00
                                                                                                                       thousand         thousand
                    (“He Hui Property”)            company

                  Pacific Insurance Online
                                                    Limited
                    Services Technology                               Consulting
                                                    liability                           Shandong        The PRC          200,000          200,000     100.00           –            100.00
                    Co., Ltd. (“CPIC Online                         services, etc.
                                                   company
                    Services”)

                  Tianjin Trophy Real Estate        Limited
                    Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin             liability         Real estate          Tianjin        Tianjin        353,690          353,690           –      98.29            100.00
                    Trophy”)                       company

                  Pacific Insurance Senior
                                                                   Senior living
                    Living Investment               Limited
                                                                       property
                    Management Co., Ltd.            liability                            Shanghai       Shanghai       5,000,000        5,000,000           –      98.29            100.00
                                                                 investment and
                    (“CPIC Senior Living           company
                                                                management, etc.
                    Investment”)

                  Pacific Health Insurance        Joint stock
                    Co., Ltd. (“CPIC                  limited   Health insurance         Shanghai       The PRC        3,600,000        3,600,000      85.05       14.69            100.00
                    Health”)                        company

                  Pacific Anxin Agricultural      Joint stock       Property and
                    Insurance Co., Ltd.               limited            casualty        Shanghai       The PRC        1,080,000        1,080,000           –      66.76             67.78
                    (“PAAIC”)                       company            insurance

                  Pacific Medical &
                                                    Limited              Medical
                    Healthcare Management
                                                    liability          consulting        Shanghai       Shanghai       1,000,000        1,000,000           –      98.29            100.00
                    Co., Ltd. (“Pacific
                                                   company          services, etc.
                    Medical & Healthcare”)

                  Pacific Insurance Agency          Limited
                                                                       Insurance
                    Co., Ltd. (“Pacific             liability                            Shanghai       Shanghai           50,000           50,000          –    100.00             100.00
                                                                          agency
                    Insurance Agency”)             company

                  CPIC Fund Management              Limited
                                                                          Fund
                    Co., Ltd. (“CPIC                liability                            Shanghai       Shanghai         150,000          150,000           –      50.83             51.00
                                                                    management
                    Funds”)                        company




50    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report
                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




V.   SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)

1.   Particulars of the Company’s incorporated subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                                     Issued capital        Percentage of




                                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                                       Registered                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                          /Paid-up    equity attributable
                                                         Business                                   capital (RMB                                                  of voting
                                                                           Place of                                  capital (RMB       to the Company
                                     Type of            scope and                        Place of       thousand,                                                     rights
     Name                                                             incorporation/                                     thousand,                   (%)                       Note
                                  legal entity           principal                     operations           unless                                          attributable to
                                                                        registration                                         unless
                                                         activities                                     otherwise                                            the Company
                                                                                                                         otherwise     Direct   Indirect
                                                                                                       specified)                                                       (%)
                                                                                                                         specified)

     CPIC Senior Living                              Senior living
                                     Limited
       Development (Chengdu)                              property
                                     liability                            Chengdu       Chengdu        1,000,000        1,000,000           –      98.29            100.00       (1)
       Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu                         investment and
                                    company
       Project Company”)                         construction, etc.

     CPIC Senior Living
                                                     Senior living
       Development                   Limited
                                                          property
       (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.          liability                           Hangzhou      Hangzhou        1,200,000        1,006,000           –      98.29            100.00
                                                   investment and
       (“Hangzhou Project           company
                                                 construction, etc.
       Company”)

     CPIC Senior Living                              Senior living
                                     Limited
       Development (Xiamen)                               property




                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
                                     liability                              Xiamen       Xiamen          900,000          900,000           –      98.29            100.00
       Co., Ltd. (“Xiamen                          investment and
                                    company
       Project Company”)                         construction, etc.

     Pacific Care Home
       (Chengdu) Senior              Limited    Seniors care
       Living Service Co., Ltd.      liability    and health              Chengdu       Chengdu            60,000           43,000          –      98.29            100.00
       (“Pacific Care Home at       company consultation, etc.
       Chengdu”)

     CPIC Senior Living                              Senior living
                                     Limited
       Development (Nanjing)                              property
                                     liability                             Nanjing       Nanjing         702,000          483,556           –      98.29            100.00       (2)
       Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing                         investment and
                                    company
       Project Company”)                         construction, etc.

     Pacific Care Home (Dali)        Limited            “Migrant-
       Co., Ltd. (“Pacific Care      liability       style” senior             Dali         Dali         608,000          608,000           –      74.70             76.00
       Home at Dali”)               company            living, etc.

     CPIC (Shanghai) Senior                          Senior living
                                     Limited
       Care Development Co.,                              property
                                     liability                            Shanghai      Shanghai         250,000          250,000           –      98.29            100.00
       Ltd. (“Shanghai (Putuo)                     investment and
                                    company
       Project Company”)                         construction, etc.




                                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
     Pacific Care Home
       (Hangzhou) Senior             Limited    Seniors care
       Living Service Co., Ltd.      liability    and health             Hangzhou      Hangzhou            60,000           42,200          –      98.29            100.00       (3)
       (“Pacific Care Home at       company consultation, etc.
       Hangzhou”)

     CPIC Senior Living                           Elderly service,
                                     Limited
       Development (Wuhan)                             real estate
                                     liability                              Wuhan         Wuhan          980,000          980,000           –      98.29            100.00
       Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan                         development and
                                    company
       Project Company”)                           operation, etc.

                                                  Private equity
     CPIC Capital Company            Limited
                                                     investment
       Limited. (“CPIC               liability                            Shanghai      Shanghai         100,000          100,000           –      99.67            100.00
                                               fund management
       Capital”)                    company
                                                        services

     Shanghai Chongming
       Pacific Care Home
                                     Limited      “Migrant-style”
       Senior Living Service
                                     liability             senior         Shanghai      Shanghai       1,253,000        1,070,000           –      98.29            100.00
       Co., Ltd. (“Pacific
                                    company           living, etc.
       Care Home at Shanghai




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
       (Chongming)”)

     Shanghai (Putuo) Pacific
                                                     Seniors care,
       Care Home Senior              Limited
                                                   nursing service
       Living Service Co., Ltd.      liability                            Shanghai      Shanghai           30,000           23,000          –      98.29            100.00       (4)
                                                        and health
       (“Pacific Care Home at       company
                                                 consultation, etc.
       Shanghai (Putuo)”)




                                                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report     51
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      V.         SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)

      1.         Particulars of the Company’s incorporated subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                                                   Issued capital        Percentage of
                                                                                                                     Registered                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                                        /Paid-up    equity attributable
                                                                       Business                                   capital (RMB                                                  of voting
                                                                                         Place of                                  capital (RMB       to the Company
                                                  Type of             scope and                        Place of       thousand,                                                     rights
                  Name                                                              incorporation/                                     thousand,                   (%)                       Note
                                               legal entity            principal                     operations           unless                                          attributable to
                                                                                      registration                                         unless
                                                                       activities                                     otherwise                                            the Company
                                                                                                                                       otherwise     Direct   Indirect
                                                                                                                     specified)                                                       (%)
                                                                                                                                       specified)

                  Beijing Borui Heming             Limited
                                                                      Insurance
                    Insurance Agency Co.,          liability                              Beijing     The PRC            52,000           52,000          –      98.29            100.00
                                                                         agency
                    Ltd. (“Borui Heming”)         company

                  China Pacific Life
                                                   Limited                                                                HK$              HK$
                    Insurance (H.K.)                                   Life and
                                                   liability                          Hong Kong      Hong Kong       1,000,000        1,000,000           –      98.29            100.00
                    Company Limited                            health insurance
                                                  company                                                             thousand         thousand
                    (“CPIC Life (H.K.)”)

                  CPIC Senior Living                            Elderly service,
                                                   Limited
                    Development (Qingdao)                            real estate
                                                   liability                             Qingdao       Qingdao         227,000          193,000           –      98.29            100.00
                    Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao                        development and
                                                  company
                    Project Company”)                            operation, etc.

                  Pacific Care Home
                    (Xiamen) Senior                Limited    Seniors care
                    Living Service Co., Ltd        liability    and health                Xiamen       Xiamen            40,000           30,000          –      98.29            100.00       (5)
                    (“Pacific Care Home at        company consultation, etc.
                    Xiamen”)

                  CPIC Senior Living
                                                                Elderly service,
                    Development                    Limited
                                                                     real estate
                    (Zhengzhou) Co., Ltd.          liability                          Zhengzhou      Zhengzhou         650,000          650,000           –      98.29            100.00       (6)
                                                               development and
                    (“Zhengzhou Project           company
                                                                 operation, etc.
                    Company”)

                  CPIC Senior Living                            Elderly service,
                                                   Limited
                    Development (Beijing)                            real estate
                                                   liability                              Beijing       Beijing        800,000          800,000           –      98.29            100.00       (7)
                    Co., Ltd. (“Beijing                        development and
                                                  company
                    Project Company”)                            operation, etc.

                                                                      Technical
                  Pacific Insurance                Limited       services, cloud
                    Technology Co., Ltd.           liability         computing          Shanghai      Shanghai         700,000          700,000     100.00           –            100.00
                    (“CPIC Technology”)           company          services, big
                                                                   data services

                                                               Business service,
                                                                        property
                                                   Limited
                  Xinbaoyu (Guangzhou)                            management,
                                                   liability                          Guangzhou      Guangzhou       3,650,000        3,649,990           –      98.46            100.00
                    Co., Ltd (“Xinbaoyu”)                           and lease of
                                                  company
                                                                 non-residential
                                                                      real estate

                  Pacific Insurance                                    Technical
                    Technology Services            Limited              services,
                    (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.              liability            technical         Wuhan         Wuhan          100,000          100,000           –    100.00             100.00
                    (“CPIC Technology             company             consulting
                    Wuhan”)                                              services

                                                                Elderly service,
                  Pacific Health Management        Limited
                                                                     real estate
                    (Sanya) Co., Ltd (“Sanya       liability                               Sanya         Sanya         490,000          490,000           –      98.29            100.00       (8)
                                                               development and
                    Project Company”)             company
                                                                 operation, etc.

                  Pacific Care Home
                    (Nanjing) Senior               Limited    Seniors care
                    Living Service Co., Ltd        liability    and health               Nanjing       Nanjing           30,000            7,000          –      98.29            100.00
                    (“Pacific Care Home at        company consultation, etc.
                    Nanjing”)




52    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
                                                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




V.   SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)

1.   Particulars of the Company’s incorporated subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                                        Issued capital        Percentage of




                                                                                                                                                                                               Operating results
                                                                                                          Registered                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                             /Paid-up    equity attributable
                                                            Business                                   capital (RMB                                                  of voting
                                                                              Place of                                  capital (RMB       to the Company
                                        Type of            scope and                        Place of       thousand,                                                     rights
      Name                                                               incorporation/                                     thousand,                   (%)                       Note
                                     legal entity           principal                     operations           unless                                          attributable to
                                                                           registration                                         unless
                                                            activities                                     otherwise                                            the Company
                                                                                                                            otherwise     Direct   Indirect
                                                                                                          specified)                                                       (%)
                                                                                                                            specified)

      Shanghai (Jing’an) Pacific
        Care Home Senior                Limited
                                                    “Migrant-style”
        Living Service Co., Ltd.        liability                            Shanghai      Shanghai         426,367          426,367           –      98.29            100.00
                                                  senior living, etc.
        (“Pacific Care Home at         company
        Shanghai (Jing’an)”)

      Pacific Care Home
                                                        Seniors care,
        (Wuhan) Senior Living           Limited
                                                      nursing service
        Service Co., Ltd                liability                              Wuhan         Wuhan            30,000           11,500          –      98.29            100.00       (9)
                                                           and health
        (“Pacific Care Home at         company
                                                    consultation, etc.
        Wuhan”)

                                                            Medical




                                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance
      Xiamen Yuanshen
                                        Limited             service,
        Rehabilitation Hospital
                                        liability           hospital           Xiamen       Xiamen          160,000          160,000           –      98.29            100.00      (10)
        Co., Ltd. (“Xiamen
                                       company          management,
        Rehabilitation Hospital”)
                                                                etc.

      Pacific Care Home
        (Suzhou) Senior Living          Limited    Seniors care
        Service Co., Ltd                liability    and health                Suzhou        Suzhou           30,000            6,000          –      98.29            100.00      (11)
        (“Pacific Care Home at         company consultation, etc.
        Suzhou”)

      Pacific Care Home
        (Beijing) Senior Living         Limited
                                                          Seniors and
        Service Co., Ltd                liability                              Beijing       Beijing          30,000                –          –      98.29            100.00      (12)
                                                       disability care
        (“Pacific Care Home at         company
        Beijing”)

      Pacific Care Home
        (Zhengzhou) Senior              Limited
                                                          Seniors and
        Living Service Co., Ltd         liability                          Zhengzhou      Zhengzhou           45,000                –          –      98.29            100.00      (13)
                                                       disability care
        (“Pacific Care Home at         company
        Zhengzhou”)




                                                                                                                                                                                               Other information
      CPIC Senior Living
                                                        Senior living
        Development                     Limited
                                                             property
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.           liability                          Guangzhou      Guangzhou         830,000          365,000           –      98.29            100.00      (14)
                                                      investment and
        (“Guangzhou Project            company
                                                    construction, etc.
        Company”)

      CPIC Senior Living
                                        Limited     Elderly services,
        Development (Suzhou)
                                        liability            lease of          Suzhou        Suzhou         300,000          230,000           –      98.29            100.00      (15)
        Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou
                                       company       real estate, etc.
        Project Company”)

                                                            Medical
      Jinan Yuanshen
                                        Limited             service,
         Rehabilitation Hospital
                                        liability           hospital             Jinan         Jinan        260,000            30,000          –      98.29            100.00      (16)
         Co., Ltd. (“Jinan
                                       company          management,
         Rehabilitation Hospital”)
                                                                etc.

     * Subsidiaries of City Island




                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report     53
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      V.         SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)

      1.         Particulars of the Company’s incorporated subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)
                 (1) Chengdu Project Company
                      Chengdu Project Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Life, with registered capital of RMB 1,000
                      million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life has paid up all the investment.
                 (2) Nanjing Project Company
                      Nanjing Project Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Life, with registered capital of RMB 702
                      million. As of 31 December 2024, the paid-up investment amount of CPIC Life had increased to approximately
                      RMB 484 million.
                 (3) Pacific Care Home at Hangzhou
                      Pacific Care Home at Hangzhou, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Senior Living Investment, with
                      registered capital of RMB 60 million. As of 31 December 2024, the paid-up investment amount of CPIC Senior
                      Living Investment had increased to approximately RMB 42 million.
                 (4) Pacific Care Home at Shanghai (Putuo)
                      Pacific Care Home at Shanghai (Putuo), a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Senior Living Investment, with
                      registered capital of RMB 30 million. As of 31 December 2024, the paid-up investment amount of CPIC Senior
                      Living Investment had increased to RMB 23 million.
                 (5) Pacific Care Home at Xiamen
                      Pacific Care Home at Xiamen, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Senior Living Investment, with registered
                      capital of RMB 40 million. As of 31 December 2024, the paid-up investment amount of CPIC Senior Living
                      Investment had increased to RMB 30 million.
                 (6) Zhengzhou Project Company
                      Zhengzhou Project Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Life, with registered capital of RMB 650
                      million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life has paid up all the investment.
                 (7) Beijing Project Company
                      Beijing Project Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Life, with registered capital of RMB 800
                      million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life has paid up all the investment.
                 (8) Sanya Project Company
                      Sanya Project Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Life, with registered capital of RMB 490
                      million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life has paid up all the investment.
                 (9) Pacific Care Home at Wuhan
                      Pacific Care Home at Wuhan, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Senior Living Investment, with registered
                      capital of RMB 30 million. As of 31 December 2024, the paid-up investment amount of CPIC Senior Living
                      Investment had increased to approximately RMB 12 million.




54    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Financial Report
                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




V.   SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)

1.   Particulars of the Company’s incorporated subsidiaries as of 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)
     (10) Xiamen Rehabilitation Hospital




                                                                                                                                        Operating results
         CPIC Yuanshen Rehabilitation Equity Investment Fund (Wuhan) Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Yuanshen
         Fund”) and Shanghai Yanfu Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Shanghai
         Yanfu”), which are the two consolidated structured entities of the Group, found the Xiamen Rehabilitation
         Hospital in together, holding the percentage of equity with 99.94% and 0.06% respectively, with registered
         capital of RMB 160 million. In December 2024, Pacific Medical & Healthcare has obtained 100% ownership
         of Xiamen Rehabilitation Hospital through the transfer of equity. As of 31 December 2024, Pacific Medical &
         Healthcare has paid up all the investment.
     (11) Pacific Care Home at Suzhou
         Pacific Care Home at Suzhou, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Senior Living Investment, obtained the
         business license for the legal entity with unified social credit code 91320506MAE1D00UX7 in September 2024,
         with registered capital of RMB 30 million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Senior Living Investment has paid up
         the investment amount of RMB 6 million.
     (12) Pacific Care Home at Beijing




                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
         Pacific Care Home at Beijing, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Senior Living Investment, obtained the
         business license for the legal entity with unified social credit code 91110400MAE7740X8Q in December 2024,
         with registered capital of RMB 30 million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Senior Living Investment has not paid
         up the investment.
     (13) Pacific Care Home at Zhengzhou
         Pacific Care Home at Zhengzhou, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Senior Living Investment, obtained
         the business license for the legal entity with unified social credit code 91410100MAE7N7L4X0 in December 2024,
         with registered capital of RMB 45 million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Senior Living Investment has not paid
         up the investment.
     (14) Guangzhou Project Company
         Guangzhou Project Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Life, obtained the business license for
         the legal entity with unified social credit code 91440106MAD94URB4D in January 2024, with registered capital of
         RMB 830 million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life has paid up the investment amount of RMB 365 million.




                                                                                                                                        Other information
     (15) Suzhou Project Company
         Suzhou Project Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary funded by CPIC Life, obtained the business license for the
         legal entity with unified social credit code 91320506MADR9ND93M in July 2024, with registered capital of RMB
         300 million. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life has paid up the investment amount of RMB 230 million.
     (16) Jinan Rehabilitation Hospital
         Yuanshen Fund and Shanghai Yanfu, which are the two consolidated structured entities of the Group, found
         the Jinan Rehabilitation Hospital in together, holding the percentage of equity with 99.96% and 0.04%
         respectively. Jinan Rehabilitation Hospital obtained the business license for the legal entity with unified social
         credit code 91370102MADJCX1F2J in May 2024, with the registered capital of RMB 260 million. In October 2024,
         the shareholder of Jinan Rehabilitation Hospital was changed to Pacific Medical & Healthcare. After the equity
         change, Pacific Medical & Healthcare holds 100.00% of the shares. As of 31 December 2024, Pacific Medical &
         Healthcare has paid up the investment amount of RMB 30 million.




                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report   55
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      V.         SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)

      2.         As of 31 December 2024, consolidated structured entities material to the Group are as follows:
                                                         Collective         Product scale
                  Name                               holding by the        (units in RMB                                   Nature of business
                                                         Group (%)              thousand)

                  China Pacific Changhang                                                 Investing in equity investments, investment management and asset
                     Equity Investment Fund                                               management activities with private funds (yet subject to related regulations
                     (Wuhan) Partnership                                                  of the Asset Management Association of China (“AMAC”)) (except
                                                               99.98           10,437,259
                     (Limited Partnership)                                                for projects subject to approval according to law, independently carry
                     (“China Pacific                                                      out business activities that are not prohibited or restricted by laws and
                     Changhang”)                                                          regulations with business license).

                                                                                          Investing in financial instruments with high liquidity including national
                                                                                          bonds, government bonds, local treasury bonds, financial bonds, enterprise
                                                                                          bonds, corporate bonds, Central Bank bills, medium term notes, short-term
                  CPIC Zengyu Annually                                                    commercial paper, super short-term commercial paper, SME private debt,
                    Open Pure Debt Type                                                   asset-backed security, subordinated debt, the debt part of the convertible
                                                               79.26            8,426,809
                    Launching Securities                                                  bonds, bonds repo, bank deposits (including agreement deposits, notice
                    Investment Fund                                                       deposits and term deposits), NCDs, money market instrument, treasury
                                                                                          bond futures and other financial instruments that laws and regulations or
                                                                                          the CSRC allow funds to invest (yet subject to related regulations of the
                                                                                          CSRC).

                                                                                          Investing in financial instruments with high liquidity including national
                                                                                          bonds, government bonds, local treasury bonds, financial bonds, enterprise
                                                                                          bonds, corporate bonds, Central Bank bills, medium term notes, short-term
                  CPIC Zengfu Annually                                                    commercial paper, super short-term commercial paper, SME private debt,
                    Open Pure Debt Type                                                   asset-backed security, subordinated debt, the debt part of the convertible
                                                             100.00             7,978,099
                    Launching Securities                                                  bonds, bonds repo, bank deposits (including agreement deposits, notice
                    Investment Fund                                                       deposits and term deposits), NCDs, money market instrument, treasury
                                                                                          bond futures and other financial instruments that laws and regulations or
                                                                                          the CSRC allow funds to invest (yet subject to related regulations of the
                                                                                          CSRC).

                  CPIC Health Industry                                                    Investing in equity investments, investment management and asset
                    Private Investment Fund                                               management activities with private funds (yet subject to related regulations
                    (Shanghai) Partnership                     90.90            6,652,264 of the AMAC) (except for projects subject to approval according to law,
                    (Limited Partnership)                                                 independently carry out business activities that are not prohibited or
                    (“CPIC Health Fund”)                                                  restricted by laws and regulations with business license).

                                                                                          Investing in constituent stocks and alternative constituent stocks of the
                                                                                          target index. It may also invest in non-constituent stocks (including those
                                                                                          listed on the SME Board, ChiNext, and other stocks permitted by the China
                                                                                          Securities Regulatory Commission), bonds (including government bonds,
                                                                                          financial bonds, corporate bonds, publicly issued subordinated bonds,
                                                                                          convertible bonds (including separable transaction convertible bonds),
                                                                                          exchangeable bonds, central bank bills, short-term financing bills, ultra-
                                                                                          short-term financing bills, medium-term notes), asset-backed securities,
                  CPIC: SSE STAR Market 50
                                                               56.78            5,470,354 bond repurchases, interbank certificates of deposit, bank deposits, money
                    Constituents ETF
                                                                                          market instruments, stock index futures, stock options, and other financial
                                                                                          instruments permitted by laws and regulations or the China Securities
                                                                                          Regulatory Commission for fund investment (subject to compliance with
                                                                                          relevant regulations of the China Securities Regulatory Commission). This
                                                                                          fund may participate in margin trading and securities lending business. If
                                                                                          laws and regulations or regulatory authorities permit funds to invest in other
                                                                                          varieties in the future, the fund manager may include them in the investment
                                                                                          scope after fulfilling appropriate procedures.


                 CPIC Funds, CPIC Capital etc. are the asset managers of these consolidated structured entities included in the scope of group.




56    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.    Cash at bank and on hand
                                                                                      31 December 2024




                                                                                                                                           Operating results
                                                    Currency
                                                                  Original currency        Exchange rate                   RMB

      Bank deposits                                    RMB                  22,045              1.00000                  22,045

                                                        USD                    810              7.18840                    5,820

                                                       HKD                     295              0.92604                      274

                                                      Others                                                                   2

                                                    Sub-total                                                            28,141

      Other cash balances                              RMB                   1,214              1.00000                    1,214

                                                        USD                      –              7.18840                        2

                                                    Sub-total                                                              1,216

      Total                                                                                                              29,357




                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
                                                                                      31 December 2023
                                                    Currency
                                                                  Original currency        Exchange rate                   RMB

      Cash                                             RMB                       2              1.00000                        2

                                                    Sub-total                                                                  2

      Bank deposits                                    RMB                  24,825              1.00000                  24,825

                                                        USD                    754              7.08270                    5,340

                                                       HKD                     208              0.90622                      188

                                                      Others                                                                   2

                                                    Sub-total                                                            30,355

      Other cash balances                              RMB                   1,098              1.00000                    1,098

                                                    Sub-total                                                              1,098




                                                                                                                                           Other information
      Total                                                                                                              31,455

      As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s cash at bank and on hand deposited overseas amounted equivalent to
      RMB 1,357 million (31 December 2023: amounted equivalent to RMB 884 million). Under PRC’s foreign exchange
      regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct
      foreign exchange business after obtaining approval from foreign exchange regulatory authorities.
      As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s term deposits with original maturity of no more than three months amounted
      to RMB 221 million (31 December 2023: RMB 549 million).
      As of 31 December 2024, RMB 579 million in the Group’s cash at bank and on hand balance are restricted for special-
      purpose use (31 December 2023: RMB 520 million).
      Bank deposits comprise current deposits and short-term time deposits. Current deposits earn interest at rates based
      on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits are made for varying periods between one day and three
      months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at respective short-term
      time deposit rates. The bank balances and deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of
      default. The carrying amounts of the cash at bank and on hand approximate their fair values.




                                                                                                                                           Financial report




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   57
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      2.         Derivative financial instruments
                 The contract notional amount and fair value of derivative financial instruments held by the Group are as follows. The
                 contract notional amount of derivative financial instruments is only the basis for comparing the fair value of assets
                 or liabilities recognised in the balance sheet. It does not reflect the future cash flow nor present fair value, therefore
                 cannot reflect the risk faced by the Group.

                                                                                             31 December 2024

                                                                         Nominal amount                   Assets                 Liabilities

                  Stock index futures                                                 8                          –                        –

                  Foreign exchange forward contracts                              4,713                         26                       96

                  Total                                                           4,721                         26                       96




                                                                                             31 December 2023

                                                                         Nominal amount                   Assets                 Liabilities

                  Treasury bond futures                                             41                           –                        –

                  Stock index futures                                                 7                          –                        –

                  Foreign exchange forward contracts                              4,475                         17                       21

                  Total                                                           4,523                         17                       21


      3.         Securities purchased under agreements to resell
                                                                                           31 December 2024              31 December 2023

                  Securities – bonds

                     Inter-bank market                                                               10,380                          2,019

                     Stock exchange                                                                     525                             789

                  Sub-total                                                                          10,905                          2,808

                  Less: Impairment provisions                                                             –                               –

                  Total                                                                              10,905                          2,808

                 The Group does not sell or re-pledge the collateral underlying the securities purchased under agreements to resell.




58    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Financial Report
                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

4.    Term deposits
      Term to maturity                                                31 December 2024                31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                   Operating results
      At amortised cost

      Within 3 months (inclusive)                                                3,452                             4,664

      3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                                             5,386                             2,703

      1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                   7,934                             7,759

      2 to 3 years (inclusive)                                                   9,744                             7,856

      3 to 4 years (inclusive)                                                   2,523                             8,509

      4 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                  11,910                             2,723

      Less: Impairment provisions                                                  (24)                              (20)

      Fair value through other comprehensive income

      Within 3 months (inclusive)                                                8,852                           38,205

      3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                                             7,716                             5,845




                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
      1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                  29,026                           16,585

      2 to 3 years (inclusive)                                                  27,980                           28,607

      3 to 4 years (inclusive)                                                  20,781                           21,464

      4 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                  38,538                           20,101

      Over 5 years                                                                   –                               500

      Including:

              – Amortised cost                                                 129,338                          130,521

              – Accumulated changes in fair value                                3,555                               786

      Total                                                                    173,818                          165,501

      As at 31 December 2024, the impairment provision recognised for term deposits at fair value through other
      comprehensive income was RMB 58 million (31 December 2023: RMB 56 million).




                                                                                                                                   Other information




                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   59
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      5.         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                            31 December 2024               31 December 2023

                  Listed                                                                             216,255                        198,622

                  Unlisted                                                                           450,944                        382,980

                  Total                                                                              667,199                        581,602

                  Bonds                                                                              274,335                        199,951

                     Government bonds                                                                  6,907                          2,889

                     Finance bonds                                                                   241,069                        169,449

                     Enterprise bonds                                                                 26,359                         27,613

                  Stocks                                                                             179,013                        161,345

                  Funds                                                                               70,472                         65,817

                  Unlisted equity shares investments                                                  66,707                         62,919

                  Debt investment plans                                                               42,150                         44,676

                  Investment in asset management products                                             28,238                         38,720

                  Others                                                                               6,284                          8,174

                  Total                                                                              667,199                        581,602

                 As at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, there was no financial assets designated upon initial recognition
                 as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss had no material limitation in
                 realisation.

      6.         Financial assets at amortised cost
                                                                                            31 December 2024               31 December 2023

                  Listed                                                                               3,236                          3,902

                  Unlisted                                                                            63,205                         79,809

                  Sub-total                                                                           66,441                         83,711

                  Less: Impairment provisions                                                          (1,597)                       (1,377)

                  Net value                                                                           64,844                         82,334

                  Bonds                                                                               21,852                         25,688

                     Government bonds                                                                 16,435                         15,944

                     Enterprise bonds                                                                  5,417                          9,744

                  Debt investment plans                                                               35,482                         42,846

                  Investment trust                                                                     5,065                         11,000

                  Others                                                                               4,042                          4,177

                  Sub-total                                                                           66,441                         83,711

                  Less: Impairment provisions                                                          (1,597)                       (1,377)

                  Net value                                                                           64,844                         82,334




60    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Financial Report
                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
7.    Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                           31 December 2024               31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                       Operating results
      Listed                                                                         67,909                          60,381

      Unlisted                                                                    1,540,063                       1,187,054

      Total                                                                       1,607,972                       1,247,435

      Bonds                                                                       1,345,995                         937,989

        Government bonds                                                          1,139,037                         741,151

        Finance bonds                                                                68,666                          64,922

        Enterprise bonds                                                            138,292                         131,916

      Debt investment plans                                                         163,085                         186,881

      Investment trust                                                               50,715                          80,073

      Preferred shares                                                               34,478                          33,020

      Others                                                                         13,699                            9,472




                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance
      Total                                                                       1,607,972                       1,247,435

      Including:

                 Amortised cost                                                   1,366,390                       1,143,108

                 Accumulated changes in fair value                                  241,582                         104,327

      As at 31 December 2024, the impairment provision for the Group’s debt investment at fair value through other
      comprehensive income was RMB 4.220 billion (31 December 2023: RMB 3.929 billion).

8.    Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                           31 December 2024               31 December 2023

      Stocks                                                                         76,052                          27,110

      Preferred shares                                                               12,642                          12,597

      Perpetual bonds                                                                18,878                          28,477




                                                                                                                                       Other information
      Others                                                                         34,442                          29,781

      Total                                                                         142,014                          97,965

      Including:

                 Cost                                                               131,934                          95,710

                 Accumulated changes in fair value                                   10,080                            2,255

      The equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, designated by the Group, are non-trading
      equity investments with the primary objective of being held for a long time or obtaining dividends during the
      holding period.
      For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group disposed equity investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income of RMB 14,991 million (31 December 2023: RMB 9,563 million) because of the optimisation of
      asset allocation and asset and liability management. The amount transferred from other comprehensive income to
      retained profits was RMB 124 million (31 December 2023: RMB 5 million) due to the disposals, etc.
      For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has recognised dividend income of RMB 5.778 billion (31 December




                                                                                                                                       Financial report
      2023: 4.769 billion) from the above equity investments. Relevant disclosures are included in Note VI 35.




                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   61
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      9.         Long-term equity investments
                                                                                                          31 December 2024

                                                                      Increase/          Share of net          Adjustment        Share                            Impairment
                                                  Investment Opening (Decrease)           profit/(loss)           of other    of other     Dividend     Ending      provision
                                                        cost balance in current          under equity       comprehensive     changes    distribution   balance        ending
                                                                           year               method         income/(loss)   in equity                                balance

                  Equity method:

                  Joint venture

                     Shanghai Ruiyongjing
                       Real Estate
                       Development Co.,                 9,835      9,785            –            (242)                  –           –              –     9,543             –
                       Ltd. (“Ruiyongjing
                       Real Estate”)

                     Others                                52         47            –               (1)                 –           –              –        46             –

                  Sub-total                             9,887      9,832            –            (243)                  –           –              –     9,589             –

                  Associate

                     Taijiashan Health
                       Industry Equity
                       Investment Fund                  2,762      3,018          100              (99)                 –           –             (3)    3,016             –
                       (Shanghai) LLP.
                       (“Taijiashan”) (Note 1)

                     Yangtze River Delta
                       Synergy Industry
                       Investment Fund                  1,726      2,684         (156)             (97)                 –           –            (78)    2,353             –
                       (“Yangtze River
                       Delta Fund”) (Note 2)

                     Shanghai Hi-Tech
                       Park United
                                                        1,856      1,873            –                1                  –           –            (56)    1,818             –
                       Development Co.,
                       Ltd. (“Hi-Tech”)

                     Shanghai Sci-Tech
                       Innovation Centre
                       Capital II LLP                   1,340      1,311          143               33                  –           –            (33)    1,454             –
                       (“Sci-Tech Innovation
                       II”) (Note 3)

                     Shanghai Lingang
                       GLP International
                       Logistics Development            1,057      1,053            –              (50)                 –           –            (16)      987             –
                       Co., Ltd.
                       (“Lingang GLP”)

                     Shanghai Biomedical
                       Industry Equity
                       Investment Fund                    936        965           (4)              10                  –           –            (19)      952             –
                       LLP. (“Shanghai
                       Biomedical”)

                     Jiaxing Yishang
                        Equity Investment
                                                          901        939            –            (233)                  –           –              –       706             –
                        LLP (“Jiaxing
                        Yishang”)

                     Others                             3,290      2,008           11             138                   5           2             (4)    2,160          (515)

                  Sub-total                            13,868     13,851           94            (297)                  5           2           (209)   13,446          (515)

                  Total                                23,755     23,683           94            (540)                  5           2           (209)   23,035          (515)


                 Note 1:      In 2024, CPIC Life made an additional capital contribution of approximately RMB 100 million to Taijiashan, and its ownership interest remained as
                              99.01%.
                 Note 2:      In 2024, CPIC Life obtained the project cost of RMB 156 million returned from Yangtze River Delta fund, and its ownership interest changed to
                              27.75%.
                 Note 3:      In 2024, CPIC Life made an additional capital contribution of approximately RMB 143 million to Sci-Tech Innovation II, and its ownership interest
                              remained as 25.00%.




62    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report
                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

9.    Long-term equity investments (continued)
      As at 31 December 2024, details of major joint ventures of the Group are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                      Operating results
                                                                                                                                                    Percentage Percentage
                                                                                    Registered       Paid-up
                                             Place of                                                                                                  of equity    of voting
                                                                                        capital       capital
                                         registration/       Legal                                                                                  attributable        rights
                              Type of                                  Nature of        (RMB          (RMB
       Name                                     Major    represent-                                             Unified social credit code                to the attributable
                            enterprise                                  business     thousand      thousand
                                             business         ative                                                                              Company (%)            to the
                                                                                        unless        unless
                                             location                                                                                                              Company
                                                                                    otherwise)    otherwise)                                 Direct     Indirect          (%)

       Ruiyongjing           Limited
         Real Estate         liability      Shanghai      Ge Qing     Real estate   14,050,000    14,050,000    91310000MA1FL5MU6G                –       68.80         57.14
         (Note 1)           company


      As at 31 December 2024, details of major associates of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    Percentage Percentage
                                                                                    Registered       Paid-up
                                             Place of                                                                                                  of equity    of voting
                                                                                        capital       capital
                                         registration/       Legal                                                                                  attributable        rights
                              Type of                                  Nature of        (RMB          (RMB




                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
       Name                                     Major    represent-                                             Unified social credit code                to the attributable
                            enterprise                                  business     thousand      thousand
                                             business         ative                                                                              Company (%)            to the
                                                                                        unless        unless
                                             location                                                                                                              Company
                                                                                    otherwise)    otherwise)                                 Direct     Indirect          (%)

                             Limited
       Taijiashan                                              Not        Equity          Not                                                                            Not
                             liability      Shanghai                                               2,789,887    91310000MA1FL7MH5H                –       97.32
         (Note 2)                                        applicable   investment    applicable                                                                     applicable
                          partnership

                             Limited
       Yangtze River                                           Not        Equity          Not                                                                            Not
                             liability      Shanghai                                               5,413,905     91310000MA1FL62E0U               –       27.28
         Delta Fund                                      applicable   investment    applicable                                                                     applicable
                          partnership

                             Limited
                                                                        Business
       Hi-Tech               liability      Shanghai      Xue Han                     453,250       453,250        913100006072011086             –       19.65          9.09
                                                                        services
                            company

                             Limited
       Sci-Tech                                                Not        Equity          Not                                                                            Not
                             liability      Shanghai                                               5,400,900     91310000MA1FL7X9X1               –       24.57
         Innovation II                                   applicable   investment    applicable                                                                     applicable
                          partnership

                             Limited                                                     US$           US$
                                                            Zhao
       Lingang GLP.          liability      Shanghai                  Real estate     119,990       119,990        913100007709009105             –       19.65         12.50
                                                           Mingqi




                                                                                                                                                                                      Other information
                            company                                                  thousand      thousand

                             Limited
       Shanghai                                                Not        Equity          Not                                                                            Not
                             liability      Shanghai                                               7,730,036    91310000MA1FL7HY2Y                –       12.00
         Biomedical                                      applicable   investment    applicable                                                                     applicable
                          partnership

                             Limited
       Jiaxing Yishang                                         Not        Equity          Not                                                                            Not
                             liability        Jiaxing                                               950,501     91330402MA2BCWUX4C                –       93.18
          (Note 3)                                       applicable   investment    applicable                                                                     applicable
                          partnership


      Note 1:    CPIC Life holds over 50% of the ownership interest of Ruiyongjing Real Estate. Since CPIC Group cannot unilaterally dominate the relevant
                 activities of Ruiyongjing Real Estate according to the Articles of Association of Ruiyongjing Real Estate, Ruiyongjing Real Estate is accounted under
                 equity method as a joint venture.

      Note 2:    CPIC Life holds over 50% shares of Taijiashan. Since CPIC Group cannot unilaterally dominate the relevant activities of Taijiashan according to the
                 partnership agreement of Taijiashan, Taijiashan is accounted under equity method as an associate.

      Note 3:    CPIC Life holds over 50% shares of Jiaxing Yishang. Since CPIC Group cannot unilaterally dominate the relevant activities of Jiaxing Yishang
                 according to the partnership agreement of Jiaxing Yishang, Jiaxing Yishang is accounted under equity method as an associate.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report    63
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      9.         Long-term equity investments (continued)
                 Summarised financial information for major joint ventures:

                                                                         31 December 2024                                           31 December 2023

                                                          Total assets    Total liabilities       Net assets         Total assets    Total liabilities        Net assets

                  Ruiyongjing Real Estate                      20,075               6,400            13,675               19,698                5,727             13,971

                 Summarised financial information for other joint ventures:

                                                                         31 December 2024                                           31 December 2023

                                                          Total assets    Total liabilities       Net assets         Total assets    Total liabilities        Net assets

                  Others                                        2,239               1,892               347                2,224                1,895                329

                 Net loss of joint ventures:

                                                                                                                            2024                                   2023

                  Net loss of joint ventures                                                                                (286)                                    (18)

                 For unrecognised commitments in relation to the investments in joint ventures, please refer to Note XI.
                 Summarised financial information for major associates:

                                                                                                      31 December 2024/2024

                                                                 Total assets as at 31 Total liabilities as at 31     Total revenue for the              Net loss for the
                                                                           December                   December                 current year                 current year

                  Taijiashan                                                     3,047                           1                         16                        (52)

                  Yangtze River Delta Fund                                       8,580                         102                      (302)                       (278)

                 Summarised financial information for other associates:

                                                                                                                            2024                                   2023

                  Net profit/(loss)                                                                                        2,662                                  (2,474)

                  Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                           28                                    (718)

                  Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                        2,690                                  (3,192)

                  Total comprehensive loss attributable to the Group                                                         (94)                                   (682)

                  Total carrying amount of the Group’s investment as at the year end                                       7,562                                   7,650

                 As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s long-term equity investments had impairment of RMB 515 million. (As at 31
                 December 2023: RMB 499 million).
                 The Group performs impairment tests on long-term equity investments that has objective evidence of impairment.
                 When evaluating impairment of long-term equity investments, the recoverable amount is determined mainly at fair
                 value less estimated costs of disposal and the present value of the estimated future cash flow expected to be derived
                 from the asset.
                 Fair value is primarily based on the fair value of shares issued in the public market and is determined using
                 appropriate valuation techniques. The present value of future cash flow is based on business budget approved by
                 management and adjusted discount rates using the discounted cash flow method. Cash flows beyond the business
                 budget period have been extrapolated using a stable growth rate and terminal value.




64    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Financial Report
                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

10.   Restricted statutory deposits
                                                                           31 December 2024                31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                        Operating results
      CPIC Property                                                                   3,989                             3,989

      CPIC Life                                                                       1,726                             1,726

      CPIC Health                                                                      720                                720

      PAAIC                                                                            260                                320

      Sub-total                                                                       6,695                             6,755

      Add: Interest receivables                                                        158                                352

      Less: Impairment provisions                                                        (2)                               (2)

      Total                                                                           6,851                             7,105

      In accordance with relevant provision of Insurance Law of the PRC, CPIC Property, CPIC Life, CPIC Health and PAAIC
      should place 20% of its issued capital as restricted statutory deposits, respectively.




                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
11.   Investment properties
                                                                                                                   Buildings

      Cost

        1 January 2023                                                                                                14,746

        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                     (79)

        Transfer from intangible assets, net                                                                               34

        Disposal                                                                                                          (14)

        31 December 2023                                                                                              14,687

        Procurement                                                                                                        59

        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                  (1,316)

        Transfer to intangible assets, net                                                                                (25)

        Disposal                                                                                                           (3)




                                                                                                                                        Other information
        31 December 2024                                                                                              13,402

      Accumulated depreciation

        1 January 2023                                                                                                 (3,544)

        Charge for the year                                                                                              (476)

        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                       2

        Transfer from intangible assets, net                                                                               (7)

        Disposal                                                                                                            5

        31 December 2023                                                                                               (4,020)

        Charge for the year                                                                                              (400)

        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                     336

        Transfer to intangible assets, net                                                                                  6

        Disposal                                                                                                            1




                                                                                                                                        Financial report
        31 December 2024                                                                                               (4,077)

      Provision for impairment loss

        31 December 2023                                                                                                    –

        Charge for the year                                                                                              (374)

        31 December 2024                                                                                                 (374)

      Carrying amount

        31 December 2024                                                                                                8,951

        31 December 2023                                                                                              10,667




                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report   65
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      11.        Investment properties (continued)
                 The fair values of investment properties of the Group as at 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB 14,169 million (31
                 December 2023: RMB 15,783 million), which were estimated by the Group based on the independent appraisers’
                 valuations.
                 The Group conducts impairment tests on investment properties that show indicators of impairment. When assessing
                 the impairment of investment properties, the determination of the recoverable amount primarily includes two
                 methods: the fair value minus estimated disposal costs and the present value of expected future cash flows.
                 The fair value is mainly based on the transaction prices of similar properties, using appropriate valuation techniques.
                 The present value of cash flows is calculated using cash flow forecasting methods, based on the management’s
                 business budget for property rental income and an adjusted discount rate.

      12.        Fixed assets
                                                                 Buildings       Motor vehicles     Other equipment               Total

                  Cost

                     1 January 2023                                21,754                1,118                5,982             28,854

                     Procurement                                       25                   68                 510                 603

                     Transfer from construction in progress         2,150                    –                    3               2,153

                     Transfer from investment properties, net          79                    –                    –                 79

                     Acquisition of subsidiaries                       22                    –                    –                 22

                     Decrease                                         (15)                 (83)               (332)               (430)

                     31 December 2023                              24,015                1,103                6,163             31,281

                     Procurement                                       41                   97                 504                 642

                     Transfer from construction in progress         1,134                    –                    –               1,134

                     Transfer from investment properties, net       1,316                    –                    –               1,316

                     Decrease                                           (1)                (88)               (235)               (324)

                     31 December 2024                              26,505                1,112                6,432             34,049

                  Accumulated depreciation

                     1 January 2023                                (6,005)                (911)              (4,464)            (11,380)

                     Depreciation charge                             (706)                 (66)               (609)              (1,381)

                     Transfer from investment properties, net           (2)                  –                    –                  (2)

                     Decrease                                           9                   81                 326                 416

                     31 December 2023                              (6,704)                (896)              (4,747)            (12,347)

                     Depreciation charge                             (812)                 (66)               (523)              (1,401)

                     Transfer from investment properties, net        (336)                   –                    –               (336)

                     Decrease                                           –                   85                 230                 315

                     31 December 2024                              (7,852)                (877)              (5,040)            (13,769)

                  Provision for impairment loss

                     1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023                (9)                  –                    –                  (9)

                     Charge for the year                              (16)                   –                    –                 (16)

                     31 December 2024                                 (25)                   –                    –                 (25)

                  Carrying amount

                     31 December 2024                              18,628                  235                1,392             20,255

                     31 December 2023                              17,302                  207                1,416             18,925

                 As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s motor vehicles and other equipment with a cost of approximately RMB 4,662
                 million (31 December 2023: RMB 4,174 million) are fully depreciated but still in use.




66    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Financial Report
                                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

13.   Construction in progress
      The Group’s construction in progress mainly comprises office building construction projects, and the movements are




                                                                                                                                                          Operating results
      detailed as follows:

                                                                         31 December 2024

                                                                                           Transfer to
                                                           Transfer to     Transfer to
                                               Increase                                     long-term                              % of project
                                  Opening                 fixed assets      intangible                                Ending
      Item              Budget               in current                                        prepaid   Disposal                   investment
                                   balance                  in current        assets in                               balance
                                                   year                                   expenses in                                 in budget
                                                                  year    current year
                                                                                          current year

      Shanghai            1,404       965          100             (4)               –              –          –        1,061              76%

      Henan               1,060       223          319             –                 –              –          –          542              51%

      Beijing             1,330        89          200             –                 –              –          –          289              22%

      Hainan               888         87          176             –                 –              –          –          263              30%

      Yunnan               831        108          135             –                 –              –          –         243               29%




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate governance
      Guizhou               35         13           15             –                 –              –          –           28              80%

      Jiangsu             1,137         –           24            (3)                –              –          –           21               2%

      Guangdong           1,370         –            5             –                 –              –          –            5               0%

      Hubei               1,620       783          123          (906)                –              –          –            –              56%

      Liaoning             173        163            3          (166)                –              –          –            –              96%

      Others              3,377        28          109           (55)              (43)            (2)         –           37               4%

                                    2,459        1,209        (1,134)              (43)            (2)         –        2,489




                                                                         31 December 2023

                                                                                           Transfer to
                                                           Transfer to     Transfer to
                                               Increase                                     long-term                              % of project
                                  Opening                 fixed assets      intangible                                Ending
      Item              Budget               in current                                        prepaid   Disposal                   investment
                                   balance                  in current        assets in                               balance
                                                   year                                   expenses in                                 in budget
                                                                  year    current year
                                                                                          current year




                                                                                                                                                          Other information
      Shanghai            2,889       762        1,089          (885)                –             (1)         –          965              64%

      Fujian              1,639       717          240          (957)                –              –          –            –              58%

      Hubei               1,620       272          511             –                 –              –          –          783              48%

      Jiangsu              394        234           20          (254)                –              –          –            –              64%

      Liaoning             175        158            6            (1)                –              –          –         163               94%

      Yunnan               831         59           49             –                 –              –          –         108               13%

      Henan               1,060        17          206             –                 –              –          –         223               21%

      Guizhou               35         13            –             –                 –              –          –           13              37%

      Hainan               888          –           87             –                 –              –          –           87              10%

      Beijing             1,330         4           85             –                 –              –          –           89               7%

      Others              2,108        55          117           (56)              (88)             –          –           28               8%

                                    2,291        2,410        (2,153)              (88)            (1)         –        2,459




                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
      The capital sources of the Group’s construction in progress are all self-owned funds, and there are no capitalised
      interest expenses in the balance of construction in progress.
      There was no such case as the recoverable amount was lower than the carrying amount of the construction in
      progress at the end of the year, thus no provision for impairment of construction in progress was required.




                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report   67
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      14.        Right-of-use assets
                                                              Buildings       Motor vehicles    Other equipment             Total

                  Cost

                     1 January 2023                              6,300                    5                 18              6,323

                     Increase                                    2,540                    5                 10              2,555

                     Decrease                                    (1,329)                  (4)                (1)           (1,334)

                     31 December 2023                            7,511                    6                 27              7,544

                     Increase                                    1,460                    4                   1             1,465

                     Decrease                                    (1,873)                  (6)               (14)           (1,893)

                     31 December 2024                            7,098                    4                 14              7,116

                  Accumulated depreciation

                     1 January 2023                              (3,282)                  (4)                (7)           (3,293)

                     Depreciation charge                         (1,322)                  (3)                (3)           (1,328)

                     Decrease                                      439                    2                   1              442

                     31 December 2023                            (4,165)                  (5)                (9)           (4,179)

                     Depreciation charge                         (1,171)                  (2)                (1)           (1,174)

                     Decrease                                    1,151                    3                   4             1,158

                     31 December 2024                            (4,185)                  (4)                (6)           (4,195)

                  Carrying amount

                     31 December 2024                            2,913                    –                   8             2,921

                     31 December 2023                            3,346                    1                 18              3,365

                 There was no such case as the recoverable amount was lower than the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets at
                 the end of the year, thus no provision for impairment of right-of-use assets was required.




68    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Financial Report
                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

15.   Intangible assets
                                                    Land use rights   Software use rights   License         Others             Total




                                                                                                                                               Operating results
       Cost

         1 January 2023                                      3,095                 9,467       646               –           13,208

         Increase                                              133                 1,182         –               –             1,315

         Acquisition of subsidiaries                           286                     –         –               –               286

         Transfer from construction in progress                  –                    88         –               –                88

         Transfer to investment properties, net                (34)                    –         –               –               (34)

         Disposal                                                –                    (5)        –               –                (5)

         31 December 2023                                    3,480                10,732       646               –           14,858

         Increase                                              343                 1,028         –               2             1,373

         Transfer from construction in progress                  –                    43         –               –                43

         Transfer from investment properties, net               25                     –         –               –                25




                                                                                                                                               Corporate governance
         Disposal                                                –                    (6)        –               –                (6)

         31 December 2024                                    3,848                11,797       646               2           16,293

       Accumulated amortisation

         1 January 2023                                       (167)               (6,375)        –               –            (6,542)

         Amortisation                                          (83)               (1,113)        –               –            (1,196)

         Transfer to investment properties, net                  7                     –         –               –                 7

         Disposal                                                –                     5         –               –                 5

         31 December 2023                                     (243)               (7,483)        –               –            (7,726)

         Amortisation                                          (89)               (1,116)        –               –            (1,205)

         Transfer from investment properties, net               (6)                    –         –               –                (6)

         Disposal                                                –                     6         –               –                 6

         31 December 2024                                     (338)               (8,593)        –               –            (8,931)




                                                                                                                                               Other information
       Provision for impairment loss

         1 January 2023                                          –                     –         –               –                 –

         Provision for impairment                                –                   (15)        –               –               (15)

         31 December 2023                                        –                   (15)        –               –               (15)

         Provision for impairment                                –                     –         –               –                 –

         31 December 2024                                        –                   (15)        –               –               (15)

       Carrying amount

         31 December 2024                                    3,510                 3,189       646               2             7,347

         31 December 2023                                    3,237                 3,234       646               –             7,117




                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   69
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      16.        Goodwill
                                                                                      31 December 2024

                                                          Opening balance            Increase            Decrease       Ending balance

                  Changjiang Pension                                 149                   –                   –                  149

                  City Island                                        813                   –                   –                  813

                  CPIC Funds                                         395                   –                   –                  395

                  Borui Heming                                        15                   –                   –                   15

                  Sub-total                                         1,372                  –                   –                1,372

                  Less: Provision for impairment                      (15)                 –                   –                  (15)

                  Net value                                         1,357                  –                   –                1,357




                                                                                      31 December 2023

                                                          Opening balance            Increase            Decrease       Ending balance

                  Changjiang Pension                                 149                   –                   –                  149

                  City Island                                        813                   –                   –                  813

                  CPIC Funds                                         395                   –                   –                  395

                  Borui Heming                                        15                   –                   –                   15

                  Sub-total                                         1,372                  –                   –                1,372

                  Less: Provision for impairment                        –                (15)                  –                  (15)

                  Net value                                         1,372                (15)                  –                1,357

                 Provision for impairment of goodwill

                                                          Opening balance            Increase            Decrease       Ending balance

                                                                                    Provision            Disposal

                 Borui Heming                                         (15)                 –                   –                  (15)

                 The Group performs impairment test to goodwill annually. The recoverable amounts for asset groups and
                 combinations of asset groups containing goodwill are determined by means of fair value net of expected disposal
                 costs and present value of projected future cash flows.
                 Fair value refers to the trading prices of similar assets in the market and is determined using appropriate valuation
                 techniques. The present value of future cash flows is based on business plans approved by management and
                 adjusted discount rates using the discounted cash flow method. Cash flows beyond the business plan period have
                 been extrapolated using a stable growth rate and terminal value. As at 31 December 2024, discount rates used by the
                 Group range from 12% to 20% and the growth rate is about 2%.
                 As at 31 December 2024, apart from Borui Heming, there was no indication that the recoverable amount of asset
                 groups and combinations of asset groups is less than its carrying amount, thus no impairment loss is recognised.




70    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

17.   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
                                                                                   31 December 2024                                          31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
      Deferred income tax assets                                   Deferred income tax       Temporary differences             Deferred income tax           Temporary differences

        Insurance contract liabilities/assets                                      50,712                      202,848                        22,300                        89,200

        Changes in fair value of financial instruments                                169                          676                           184                          736

        Commission and brokerage expenses                                             853                         3,412                          790                         3,160

        Provision for asset impairment                                                624                         2,496                          611                         2,444

        Deductible losses                                                          10,469                        41,876                        3,198                        12,792

        Lease liabilities                                                             681                         2,722                          774                         3,095

        Others                                                                      2,578                        10,312                        2,215                         8,860

      Total                                                                        66,086                      264,342                        30,072                       120,287

      Deferred income tax liabilities                              Deferred income tax       Temporary differences            Deferred income tax            Temporary differences

        Changes in fair value of financial instruments                            (68,364)                     (273,456)                     (22,126)                      (88,504)




                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
        Adjustment in fair value arising from
                                                                                     (737)                       (2,948)                        (797)                       (3,188)
          acquisition of subsidiaries

        Right-of-use assets                                                          (730)                       (2,921)                        (841)                       (3,365)

        Others                                                                       (153)                         (612)                        (351)                       (1,404)

      Total                                                                       (69,984)                     (279,937)                     (24,115)                      (96,461)

      Deferred income tax assets and liabilities of the Group set out as the net amount after offsetting:

                                                                                   31 December 2024                                          31 December 2023

                                                                         Offsetting amount   Balance after offsetting              Offsetting amount     Balance after offsetting

      Deferred income tax assets                                                  (62,622)                        3,464                      (22,996)                        7,076

      Deferred income tax liabilities                                              62,622                        (7,362)                      22,996                        (1,119)

      Details of movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
                                            Insurance      Changes in                                                                     Adjustment in
                                                                             Commission           Provision
                                              contract      fair value                                             Deductible          fair value arising
                                                                           and brokerage           for asset                                                     Others      Total
                                            liabilities   of financial                                                 losses           from acquisition
                                                                                expenses        impairment
                                               /assets    instruments                                                                     of subsidiaries

      Balance of 1 January 2023                 17,507        (12,584)               522                350                1,383                    (828)         1,508      7,858

      Recognised in profit or loss              (7,543)         3,255                268                569                1,815                        31          271     (1,334)

      Recognised in equity                      12,336        (12,613)                 –               (308)                  –                          –           18       (567)

      Balance of
                                                22,300        (21,942)               790                611                3,198                    (797)         1,797      5,957
        31 December 2023

      Recognised in profit or loss              (6,183)        (9,275)                63                 86                7,271                        60          580     (7,398)

      Recognised in equity                      34,716        (37,019)                 –                (73)                  –                          –           (1)    (2,377)

      Other changes of the year                  (121)             41                  –                  –                   –                          –            –        (80)

      Balance of
                                                50,712        (68,195)               853                624               10,469                    (737)         2,376     (3,898)
        31 December 2024




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
      As at 31 December 2024, the deductible temporary differences and deductible losses not recognised as deferred
      income tax assets by the Group amounted to RMB 31.1 billion (31 December 2023: RMB 13.2 billion).




                                                                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report   71
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      18.        Other assets
                                                                                                          31 December 2024                         31 December 2023

                  Other receivables                                              (1)                                  12,694                                     9,990

                  Improvements of right-of-use assets                            (2)                                   1,017                                     1,052

                  Others                                                                                               2,803                                     2,459

                  Total                                                                                               16,514                                    13,501

                 (1) Other receivables

                                                                                                          31 December 2024                         31 December 2023

                        Receivable from securities sold but not settled                                                4,323                                     1,801

                        Due from external undertakings                                                                 3,344                                     2,630

                        Due from related parties*                                                                      1,772                                     1,772

                        Due from agents                                                                                  314                                       175

                        Deposits                                                                                         267                                       289

                        Co-insurance premium receivables                                                                  63                                        60

                        Prepaid tax                                                                                      155                                        20

                        Others                                                                                         2,787                                     3,562

                        Sub-total                                                                                     13,025                                    10,309

                        Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                   (331)                                     (319)

                        Net value                                                                                     12,694                                     9,990


                       * As at 31 December 2024, the payments made by the Group on behalf of Shanghai Binjiang-Xiangrui Investment and Construction Co., Ltd. (“Binjiang-
                       Xiangrui”) for the purchase of land and related taxes and expenses amounted to approximately RMB 1,772 million (31 December 2023: RMB 1,772
                       million), which accounting for 14% (31 December 2023: 17%) of the total other receivables.

                       The category of other receivables is analysed below:

                                                                                                                       31 December 2024

                                                                                                                                                            Provision
                                                                                        Ending balance % of total balance       Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                                                                           Percentage

                        Provisions for impairment considered on the grouping basis               13,025                100%                        (331)           3%




                                                                                                                       31 December 2023

                                                                                                                                                            Provision
                                                                                        Ending balance % of total balance       Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                                                                           Percentage

                        Provisions for impairment considered on the grouping basis               10,309                100%                        (319)           3%




72    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                             Financial Report
                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

18.   Other assets (continued)
      (1) Other receivables (continued)




                                                                                                                                                        Operating results
         The aging of other receivables and related provisions for bad debts are analysed as follows:

                                                                                       31 December 2024
          Aging
                                                           Ending balance   % of total balance   Provision for bad debts           Net value

          Within 3 months (inclusive)                              8,381                 64%                        (17)                8,364

          3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                           1,828                 14%                        (22)                1,806

          1 to 3 years (inclusive)                                   649                  5%                        (91)                  558

          Over 3 years                                             2,167                 17%                       (201)                1,966

          Total                                                   13,025                100%                       (331)              12,694




                                                                                       31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
          Aging
                                                           Ending balance   % of total balance   Provision for bad debts           Net value

          Within 3 months (inclusive)                              5,700                 55%                        (54)                5,646

          3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                           1,854                 18%                        (15)                1,839

          1 to 3 years (inclusive)                                   887                  9%                       (117)                  770

          Over 3 years                                             1,868                 18%                       (133)                1,735

          Total                                                   10,309                100%                       (319)                9,990

         The top five other receivables of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                   31 December 2024                        31 December 2023

          Total amount of the top five other receivables                                         2,499                                  2,572

          Total provision for bad debts                                                            (13)                                    (2)

          % of total other receivables                                                            19%                                    25%




                                                                                                                                                        Other information
         The account balance does not include any amount attributable to shareholders holding 5% or more of the voting
         rights of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report   73
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      18.        Other assets (continued)
                 (2) Improvement of right-of-use assets

                                                                                                                          Improvement of right-of-use assets

                        Cost

                           At 1 January 2023                                                                                                          4,614

                           Additions                                                                                                                    479

                           Transfer from construction in progress                                                                                         1

                           At 31 December 2023                                                                                                        5,094

                           Additions                                                                                                                    384

                           Transfer from construction in progress                                                                                         2

                           Disposal                                                                                                                      (2)

                           At 31 December 2024                                                                                                        5,478

                        Accumulated amortisation

                           At 1 January 2023                                                                                                         (3,632)

                           Amortisation charge                                                                                                         (410)

                           At 31 December 2023                                                                                                       (4,042)

                           Amortisation charge                                                                                                         (421)

                           Disposal                                                                                                                       2

                           At 31 December 2024                                                                                                       (4,461)

                        Carrying amount

                           At 31 December 2024                                                                                                        1,017

                           At 31 December 2023                                                                                                        1,052


      19.        Provision for impairment of assets
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024

                                                                                         Opening    Charge for                                      Ending
                                                                                                                      Reversal    Derecognition
                                                                                          balance     the year                                      balance

                  Impairment provision of term deposits                                       76           16             (10)               –           82

                  Impairment provision of restricted statutory deposits                        2            1               (1)              –            2

                  Impairment provision of debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                                           3,929          626            (325)             (10)       4,220
                    comprehensive income

                  Impairment provision of financial assets at amortised cost               1,377          368            (148)               –        1,597

                  Impairment provision of long-term equity investments                       499           16               –                –          515

                  Impairment provision of other assets

                     – Other receivables                                                     319           61               (1)            (48)         331

                     – Debt assets                                                            20            –               –                –           20

                     – Others                                                                135           16             (72)               –           79

                  Provision for impairment of fixed assets                                     9           16               –                –           25

                  Provision for impairment of intangible assets                               15            –               –                –           15

                  Provision for impairment of investment properties                            –          374               –                –          374

                  Provision for impairment of other long-term assets                          25            –               –                –           25

                  Provision for impairment of goodwill                                        15            –               –                –           15

                  Total                                                                    6,421        1,494            (557)             (58)       7,300




74    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                      Financial Report
                                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

19.   Provision for impairment of assets (continued)
                                                                                                         31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                                 Operating results
                                                                              Opening       Charge for                                         Ending
                                                                                                              Reversal      Derecognition
                                                                               balance        the year                                         balance

      Impairment provision of term deposits                                           92            8             (24)                 –            76

      Impairment provision of restricted statutory deposits                            2            –               –                  –             2

      Impairment provision of debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                                2,684            1,773           (449)               (79)        3,929
        comprehensive income

      Impairment provision of financial assets at amortised cost                  818             618             (55)                 (4)       1,377

      Impairment provision of long-term equity investments                        274             225               –                  –           499

      Impairment provision of other assets

        – Other receivables                                                       287              74               (7)              (35)          319

        – Debt assets                                                                 20            –               –                  –            20

        – Others                                                                      62           77               (4)                –           135




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
      Provision for impairment of fixed assets                                         9            –               –                  –             9

      Provision for impairment of intangible assets                                    –           15               –                  –            15

      Provision for impairment of other long-term assets                              25            –               –                  –            25

      Provision for impairment of goodwill                                             –           15               –                  –            15

      Total                                                                     4,273            2,805           (539)              (118)        6,421


20.   Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
                                                                                           31 December 2024                        31 December 2023

      Securities – bonds

        Inter-bank market                                                                           158,860                                    91,646

        Stock exchange                                                                               22,835                                    24,173

      Total                                                                                         181,695                                   115,819




                                                                                                                                                                 Other information
      As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bonds with par value of approximately RMB 169,426 million (31 December
      2023: approximately RMB 97,966 million) were pledged for the inter-bank securities sold under agreements to
      repurchase.
      As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bonds with par value of approximately RMB 22,826 million (31 December
      2023: approximately RMB 24,080 million) were pledged for the stock exchange securities sold under agreements to
      repurchase.
      Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are generally repurchased within 12 months from the date the
      securities are sold.

21.   Employee benefits payable
                                                                     1 January 2024             Increase            Decrease       31 December 2024

      Wages and salaries, bonus, allowances and subsidies                    6,789               18,339             (17,787)                     7,341

      Staff welfare                                                             12                  921                   (923)                     10




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
      Social security contributions                                            107                4,090                 (4,105)                     92

      Housing funds                                                             14                1,416                 (1,420)                     10

      Labour union funds                                                        55                  369                   (367)                     57

      Employee education funds                                                 965                  204                    (80)                  1,089

      Deferred bonus to management                                             173                  235                   (256)                    152

      Early retirement benefits                                              1,132                1,241                   (955)                  1,418

      Total                                                                  9,247               26,815             (25,893)                   10,169




                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   75
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      21.        Employee benefits payable (continued)
                                                                                          1 January 2023                Increase          Decrease    31 December 2023

                  Wages and salaries, bonus, allowances and subsidies                               6,850                18,715            (18,776)              6,789

                  Staff welfare                                                                          12                   930             (930)                  12

                  Social security contributions                                                         124                4,001            (4,018)                107

                  Housing funds                                                                          11                1,375            (1,372)                  14

                  Labour union funds                                                                     54                   367             (366)                  55

                  Employee education funds                                                              872                   193             (100)                965

                  Deferred bonus to management                                                           53                   163              (43)                173

                  Early retirement benefits                                                             659                   923             (450)              1,132

                  Total                                                                             8,635                26,667            (26,055)              9,247

                 The Group had no significant non-monetary benefits and compensation for termination of employment.

      22.        Taxes payable
                                                                                                              31 December 2024                        31 December 2023

                  Corporate income tax                                                                                        663                                1,792

                  Unpaid VAT                                                                                                  562                                  533

                  Withholding individual income tax                                                                           155                                  163

                  Others                                                                                                     1,100                               1,048

                  Total                                                                                                      2,480                               3,536


      23.        Bonds payable
                 On 9 March 2023, CPIC Property issued a 10-year capital replenishment bond with a total face value of RMB 7 billion
                 in the interbank market. CPIC Property has a conditional option to redeem the bond at the end of the fifth interest-
                 bearing year. The capital replenishment bond pays interests at an initial coupon rate of 3.72% per annum. If CPIC
                 Property does not exercise the early redemption option, the annual coupon rate for the next five years would
                 increase to 4.72%.
                 On 3 April 2023, CPIC Property issued a 10-year capital replenishment bond with a total face value of RMB 3 billion
                 in the interbank market. CPIC Property has a conditional option to redeem the bond at the end of the fifth interest-
                 bearing year. The capital replenishment bond pays interests at an initial coupon rate of 3.55% per annum. If CPIC
                 Property does not exercise the early redemption option, the annual coupon rate for the next five years would
                 increase to 4.55%.

                                                  31 December                   Amortisation of bond     Interest accrued             Interest payment/   31 December
                  Issuer                                            Issuance
                                                         2023                   premium or discount           in the year     reimbursement in the year          2024

                  CPIC Property                        10,285              –                        –                  367                        (366)         10,286


      24.        Insurance contract liabilities/assets
                                                                                                          31 December 2024

                                                                                                                            Insurance
                                                             Insurance contract
                                                                                       Assets for                  contract liabilities      Assets for
                                                              assets (excluding                     Insurance                                                Insurance
                                                                                       insurance                    (excluding assets        insurance
                                                            assets for insurance                      contract                                                 contract
                                                                                      acquisition                       for insurance       acquisition
                                                                     acquisition                        assets                                               liabilities
                                                                                      cash flows                     acquisition cash       cash flows
                                                                     cash flows)
                                                                                                                               flows)

                  Insurance contracts issued (including
                                                                               22              –              22             2,229,514                –      2,229,514
                    reinsurance contracts held)




76    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

24.   Insurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
                                                                                                                31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Operating results
                                                          Insurance contract                                               Insurance contract
                                                                                        Assets for                                                          Assets for
                                                           assets (excluding                                  Insurance liabilities (excluding                                      Insurance
                                                                                        insurance                                                           insurance
                                                         assets for insurance                                   contract assets for insurance                                         contract
                                                                                       acquisition                                                         acquisition
                                                             acquisition cash                                     assets     acquisition cash                                       liabilities
                                                                                       cash flows                                                          cash flows
                                                                       flows)                                                           flows)

      Insurance contracts issued (including
                                                                           335                       –                335                1,872,620                     –            1,872,620
        reinsurance contracts held)

      The analysis of liabilities for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows:

                                                                                                                            2024

                                                          Contracts not measured under the premium allocation                  Contracts measured under the premium allocation
                                                                               approach                                                           approach

                                                           Liabilities for remaining                                  Liabilities for remaining      Liabilities for incurred
                                                                    coverage                                                   coverage                       claims




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance
                                                                                                                                                  Estimates of
                                                                                       Liabilities                                                                         Risk
                                                           Excluding                                                   Excluding                   the present
                                                                             Loss              for                                       Loss                       adjustment
                                                                loss                                         Total          loss                      value of                           Total
                                                                        component        incurred                                   component                          for non-
                                                          component                                                   component                         future
                                                                                           claims                                                                financial risk
                                                                                                                                                   cash flows

      Insurance contract liabilities as at 1 January       1,709,879        8,279         28,951         1,747,109       51,521         7,715          64,420              1,855       125,511

      Insurance contract assets as at 1 January                    –             –              –                –        (3,480)        411            2,677                 57          (335)

      Net liabilities of insurance contracts as at
                                                           1,709,879        8,279         28,951         1,747,109       48,041         8,126          67,097              1,912       125,176
        1 January

      Contracts under the fair value approach                 (4,848)            –              –           (4,848)            –            –                –                  –            –

      Contracts under the modified retrospective
                                                             (59,615)            –              –          (59,615)            –            –                –                  –            –
        approach

      Other contracts                                        (18,695)            –              –          (18,695)    (196,315)            –                –                  –     (196,315)

      Insurance revenue                                      (83,158)            –              –          (83,158)    (196,315)            –                –                  –     (196,315)

        Incurred claims and other expenses                         –        (1,678)       34,110           32,432              –            –         151,668              1,176       152,844




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Other information
        Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash
                                                              21,926             –              –          21,926        48,365             –                –                  –       48,365
         flows

        Losses on onerous contracts and reversals of
                                                                   –          664               –             664              –       (1,459)               –                  –       (1,459)
          those losses

        Changes in liabilities for incurred claims                 –             –         (2,689)          (2,689)            –            –          (7,890)          (1,046)         (8,936)

      Insurance service expenses                              21,926        (1,014)       31,421           52,333        48,365        (1,459)        143,778                130       190,814

      Insurance service result                               (61,232)       (1,014)       31,421           (30,825)    (147,950)       (1,459)        143,778                130        (5,501)

      Insurance finance expenses                            227,341           219          1,408          228,968            974            –           1,765                   –        2,739

      Other changes recognised in other
                                                                  46             –              –              46              4           19              13                   2           38
        comprehensive income

      Total changes of other comprehensive income           166,155          (795)        32,829          198,189      (146,972)       (1,440)        145,556                132        (2,724)

      Investment components                                  (62,645)            –        62,645                 –      (12,542)            –          12,542                   –            –

        Premium received                                    264,362              –              –         264,362       222,761             –                –                  –      222,761

        Insurance acquisition cash flows paid                (21,597)            –              –          (21,597)     (46,715)            –                –                  –      (46,715)

        Claims and other insurance service expenses




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                                                                   –             –       (94,288)          (94,288)            –            –        (150,382)                  –     (150,382)
          paid

        Other cash flows                                        (231)            –              –            (231)        (9,600)           –                –                  –       (9,600)

      Total cash flows                                      242,534              –       (94,288)         148,246       166,446             –        (150,382)                  –       16,064

      Other movements                                           (422)            –           (573)           (995)          (628)           –            (945)                  –       (1,573)

      Net liabilities of insurance contracts as at
                                                           2,055,501        7,484         29,564         2,092,549       54,345         6,686          73,868              2,044       136,943
        31 December

      Insurance contract assets as at 31 December                  –             –              –                –            (1)           –             (21)                  –          (22)

      Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December     2,055,501        7,484         29,564         2,092,549       54,346         6,686          73,889              2,044       136,965




                                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report     77
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      24.        Insurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
                 The analysis of liabilities for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                                                2023

                                                                     Contracts not measured under the premium allocation             Contracts measured under the premium allocation
                                                                                          approach                                                      approach

                                                                     Liabilities for remaining                              Liabilities for remaining      Liabilities forincurred
                                                                              coverage                                               coverage                       claims

                                                                                                                                                        Estimates of
                                                                                                 Liabilities                                                                     Risk
                                                                      Excluding                                              Excluding                   the present
                                                                                         Loss            for                                    Loss                      adjustment
                                                                           loss                                    Total          loss                      value of                        Total
                                                                                    component      incurred                                component                         for non-
                                                                     component                                              component                         future
                                                                                                     claims                                                            financial risk
                                                                                                                                                         cash flows

                  Insurance contract liabilities as at 1 January      1,510,301         6,179       29,846     1,546,326        44,668         7,932         64,136            1,786     118,522

                  Insurance contract assets as at 1 January                    –            –             –            –          (120)            –           (185)                 –       (305)

                  Net liabilities of insurance contracts as at
                                                                      1,510,301         6,179       29,846     1,546,326        44,548         7,932         63,951            1,786     118,217
                    1 January

                  Contracts under the fair value approach                 (4,776)           –             –       (4,776)              –           –              –                  –          –

                  Contracts under the modified retrospective
                                                                        (65,730)            –             –      (65,730)          (18)            –              –                  –        (18)
                    approach

                  Other contracts                                       (12,460)            –             –      (12,460)     (183,183)            –              –                  –   (183,183)

                  Insurance revenue                                     (82,966)            –             –      (82,966)     (183,201)            –              –                  –   (183,201)

                     Incurred claims and other expenses                        –       (1,570)      31,806       30,236                –           –        138,547            1,089     139,636

                     Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash
                                                                         21,752             –             –      21,752         46,185             –              –                  –    46,185
                      flows

                     Losses on onerous contracts and reversals
                                                                               –        3,550             –        3,550               –         194              –                  –       194
                       of those losses

                     Changes in liabilities for incurred claims                –            –        (1,444)      (1,444)              –           –         (8,122)            (964)      (9,086)

                  Insurance service expenses                             21,752         1,980       30,362       54,094         46,185           194        130,425              125     176,929

                  Insurance service result                              (61,214)        1,980       30,362       (28,872)     (137,016)          194        130,425              125       (6,272)

                  Insurance finance expenses                             92,832           120           792      93,744          1,022             –          1,321                  –      2,343

                  Other changes recognised in other
                                                                               –            –             –            –             (4)           –              4                  1          1
                    comprehensive income

                  Total changes of other comprehensive income            31,618         2,100       31,154       64,872       (135,998)          194        131,750              126       (3,928)

                  Investment components                                 (59,592)            –       59,592             –       (12,202)            –         12,202                  –          –

                     Premium received                                   249,781             –             –     249,781        207,829             –              –                  –   207,829

                     Insurance acquisition cash flows paid              (22,492)            –             –      (22,492)      (46,267)            –              –                  –    (46,267)

                     Claims and other insurance service expenses
                                                                               –            –      (91,203)      (91,203)              –           –       (139,817)                 –   (139,817)
                       paid

                     Other cash flows                                       761             –             –         761         (9,179)            –              –                  –     (9,179)

                  Total cash flows                                      228,050             –      (91,203)     136,847        152,383             –       (139,817)                 –    12,566

                  Other movements                                          (498)            –          (438)       (936)          (690)            –           (989)                 –     (1,679)

                  Net liabilities of insurance contracts as at
                                                                      1,709,879         8,279       28,951     1,747,109        48,041         8,126         67,097            1,912     125,176
                    31 December

                  Insurance contract assets as at 31 December                  –            –             –            –        (3,480)          411          2,677               57         (335)

                  Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December    1,709,879         8,279       28,951     1,747,109        51,521         7,715         64,420            1,855     125,511




78    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Financial Report
                                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

24.   Insurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
      The analysis by measurement component of contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is as




                                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
      follows:

                                                                                                         2024

                                                                                                      Contractual service margin

                                                                                                           Contracts
                                                                Present           Risk   Contracts
                                                                                                           under the
                                                               value of    adjustment    under the                      Other
                                                                                                           modified                Subtotal        Total
                                                            future cash       for non-   fair value                  contracts
                                                                                                       retrospective
                                                                  flows financial risk    approach
                                                                                                           approach

      Insurance contract liabilities as at 1 January         1,401,980         19,403      13,905          288,518      23,303     325,726    1,747,109

        Amortisation of contractual service margin                   –              –       (1,465)         (22,876)    (2,495)    (26,836)     (26,836)

        Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk            –         (1,015)           –                 –         –           –        (1,015)

        Experience adjustments                                    (949)             –            –                 –         –           –          (949)




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
      Changes that relate to current services                     (949)        (1,015)      (1,465)         (22,876)    (2,495)    (26,836)     (28,800)

        Contracts initially recognised in the year             (21,430)         2,552            –                 –    19,741      19,741           863

        Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual
                                                               (19,210)        (1,049)       1,442          17,276       1,541      20,259             –
          service margin

        Changes in estimates that do not adjust the
                                                                  (116)           (83)           –                 –         –           –          (199)
          contractual service margin

      Changes that relate to future services                   (40,756)         1,420        1,442          17,276      21,282      40,000           664

        Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims          (2,427)          (262)           –                 –         –           –        (2,689)

      Changes that relate to past services                      (2,427)          (262)           –                 –         –           –        (2,689)

      Insurance service result                                 (44,132)           143          (23)          (5,600)    18,787      13,164      (30,825)

      Insurance finance expenses                              220,488           2,005          537            4,686      1,252       6,475      228,968

      Other movements of other comprehensive income                 45              –            –                 –         1           1            46

      Total changes of other comprehensive income             176,401           2,148          514              (914)   20,040      19,640      198,189




                                                                                                                                                                   Other information
        Premiums received                                     264,362               –            –                 –         –           –      264,362

        Insurance acquisition cash flows paid                  (21,597)             –            –                 –         –           –      (21,597)

        Claims and other insurance service expenses paid       (94,288)             –            –                 –         –           –      (94,288)

        Other cash flows                                          (231)             –            –                 –         –           –          (231)

      Total cash flows                                        148,246               –            –                 –         –           –      148,246

      Other movements                                             (995)             –            –                 –         –           –          (995)

      Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December       1,725,632         21,551      14,419          287,604      43,343     345,366    2,092,549




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   79
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      24.        Insurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
                 The analysis by measurement component of contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is as
                 follows: (continued)

                                                                                                                      2023

                                                                                                                   Contractual service margin

                                                                                                                        Contracts
                                                                             Present           Risk   Contracts
                                                                                                                        under the
                                                                            value of    adjustment    under the                      Other
                                                                                                                        modified                Subtotal       Total
                                                                         future cash       for non-   fair value                  contracts
                                                                                                                    retrospective
                                                                               flows financial risk    approach
                                                                                                                        approach

                  Insurance contract liabilities as at 1 January          1,198,000         20,664      12,304          305,352     10,006      327,662    1,546,326

                     Amortisation of contractual service margin                   –              –       (1,447)         (23,719)    (1,036)    (26,202)     (26,202)

                     Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk            –         (1,132)           –                –          –           –       (1,132)

                     Experience adjustments                                  (3,644)             –            –                –          –           –       (3,644)

                  Changes that relate to current services                    (3,644)        (1,132)      (1,447)         (23,719)    (1,036)    (26,202)     (30,978)

                     Contracts initially recognised in the year             (12,864)         2,643            –                –    12,550       12,550        2,329

                     Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual
                                                                             (2,052)        (3,522)       2,574            1,866      1,134       5,574            –
                       service margin

                     Changes in estimates that do not adjust the
                                                                              1,272            (51)           –                –          –           –        1,221
                       contractual service margin

                  Changes that relate to future services                    (13,644)          (930)       2,574            1,866    13,684       18,124        3,550

                     Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims          (1,302)          (142)           –                –          –           –       (1,444)

                  Changes that relate to past services                       (1,302)          (142)           –                –          –           –       (1,444)

                  Insurance service result                                  (18,590)        (2,204)       1,127          (21,853)   12,648       (8,078)     (28,872)

                  Insurance finance expenses                                 86,659            943          474            5,019       649        6,142      93,744

                  Total changes of other comprehensive income                68,069         (1,261)       1,601          (16,834)   13,297       (1,936)     64,872

                     Premiums received                                     249,781               –            –                –          –           –     249,781

                     Insurance acquisition cash flows paid                  (22,492)             –            –                –          –           –      (22,492)

                     Claims and other insurance service expenses paid       (91,203)             –            –                –          –           –      (91,203)

                     Other cash flows                                           761              –            –                –          –           –         761

                  Total cash flows                                         136,847               –            –                –          –           –     136,847

                  Other movements                                              (936)             –            –                –          –           –        (936)

                  Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December        1,401,980         19,403      13,905          288,518     23,303      325,726    1,747,109




80    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

24.   Insurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
      As of 31 December 2024, the Group expects that 64% (31 December 2023: 65%) of the contractual service margin of




                                                                                                                                                                  Operating results
      insurance contracts that do not apply the premium allocation approach will be recognised in profit or loss within the
      next 10 years.
      The impact on the balance sheet of the current period’s initial recognition of insurance contracts that do not
      measure under the premium allocation approach is as follows:

                                                                                                              2024

                                                                       Profitable contracts issued   Onerous contracts issued                     Total

      Estimates of present value of future cash outflows – insurance
                                                                                           18,573                      3,816                     22,389
        acquisition cash flows

      Estimates of present value of future cash outflows – others                        134,923                      34,982                    169,905

      Subtotal of estimates of present value of future cash outflows                     153,496                      38,798                    192,294

      Estimates of present value of future cash inflows                                 (175,421)                    (38,303)                  (213,724)

      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                2,184                        368                      2,552




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate governance
      Contractual service margin                                                           19,741                          –                     19,741

      Impact of contracts initially recognised in the current year                              –                        863                        863




                                                                                                              2023

                                                                       Profitable contracts issued   Onerous contracts issued                     Total

      Estimates of present value of future cash outflows – insurance
                                                                                           18,094                      5,257                     23,351
        acquisition cash flows

      Estimates of present value of future cash outflows – others                        107,329                      44,309                    151,638

      Subtotal of estimates of present value of future cash outflows                     125,423                      49,566                    174,989

      Estimates of present value of future cash inflows                                 (139,959)                    (47,894)                  (187,853)

      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                1,986                        657                      2,643

      Contractual service margin                                                           12,550                          –                     12,550




                                                                                                                                                                  Other information
      Impact of contracts initially recognised in the current year                              –                      2,329                      2,329

      The following table describes the composition of the assets or liabilities and their fair values of the underlying
      items corresponding to insurance contracts with direct participation in profit-sharing features:

                                                                                               31 December 2024                      31 December 2023

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                             331,707                                286,162

      Debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                                                        722,348                                574,582
        comprehensive income

      Equity investments at fair value through other
                                                                                                         53,972                                 63,107
        comprehensive income

      Others                                                                                             53,338                                104,316

                                                                                                      1,161,365                              1,028,167




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   81
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      25.        Reinsurance contract liabilities/assets
                 The analysis of reinsurance contract assets for remaining coverage and reinsurance contract assets for incurred
                 claims is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2024

                                                                     Contracts not measured under the                              Contracts measured under the
                                                                       premium allocation method                                    premium allocation method

                                                                   Assets for                                           Assets for                    Assets for
                                                               remaining coverage                                   remaining coverage             incurred claims

                                                                                                                                             Estimates of          Risk
                                                              Excluding                                           Excluding
                                                                                Loss- Assets for                                    Loss-     the present   adjustment
                                                                   loss-                                               loss-
                                                                             recovery  incurred         Total                    recovery        value of      for non-      Total
                                                               recovery                                            recovery
                                                                           component     claims                                component           future     financial
                                                             component                                           component
                                                                                                                                              cash flows            risk

                  Reinsurance contract assets as at
                                                                 11,035          419        617     12,071            2,514        1,201          23,603             365   27,683
                    1 January

                  Reinsurance contract liabilities as at
                                                                      –             –         –             –             –              –             –               –         –
                    1 January

                  Net assets of reinsurance contracts
                                                                 11,035          419        617     12,071            2,514        1,201          23,603             365   27,683
                    as at 1 January

                  Allocation of reinsurance premiums               (565)            –         –         (565)       (15,326)             –             –               –   (15,326)

                     Amounts recoverable for claims and
                      other related expenses incurred                 –          (36)       (82)        (118)             –              –        17,356             257   17,613
                      during the year

                     Recognition and reversals of
                                                                      –           48          –           48              –         (322)              –               –     (322)
                       loss-recovery component

                     Changes in fulfillment cash flows
                       related to reinsurance contracts               –             –        49           49              –              –        (2,593)         (200)     (2,793)
                       assets for incurred claims

                     Effect of changes in non-performance
                                                                      –             –         –             –             –              –           (11)              –       (11)
                       of reinsurers

                  Recoveries of insurance service expenses
                                                                      –           12        (33)          (21)            –         (322)         14,752              57   14,487
                    from reinsurers

                  Reinsurance service results                      (565)          12        (33)        (586)       (15,326)        (322)         14,752              57     (839)

                  Reinsurance finance income for
                                                                  1,199           15          5         1,219           238              –           614               –      852
                    reinsurance contracts held

                  Other changes recognised in other
                                                                     23             –         –           23             (1)             1            11               1       12
                    comprehensive income

                  Total changes in other comprehensive
                                                                    657           27        (28)         656        (15,089)        (321)         15,377              58       25
                    income

                  Investment components                            (359)            –       359             –        (5,655)             –         5,655               –         –

                     Reinsurance premiums paid                    2,022             –         –         2,022        21,950              –             –               –   21,950

                     Amounts received from recoveries
                      of claims and other related expenses            –             –      (492)        (492)             –              –       (18,256)              –   (18,256)
                      incurred

                     Other cash flows                               990             –         –          990           (568)             –             –               –     (568)

                  Total cash flows                                3,012             –      (492)        2,520        21,382              –       (18,256)              –     3,126

                  Other changes                                       –             –         –             –             –              –             –               –         –

                  Reinsurance contract assets as at
                                                                 14,345          446        456     15,247            3,152          880          26,379             423   30,834
                    31 December




82    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

25.   Reinsurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
      The analysis of reinsurance contract assets for remaining coverage and reinsurance contract assets for incurred




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
      claims is as follows: (continued)

                                                                                                       2023

                                                       Contracts not measured under the                             Contracts measured under the
                                                         premium allocation method                                   premium allocation method

                                                      Assets for                                         Assets for                    Assets for
                                                  remaining coverage                                 remaining coverage             incurred claims

                                                                                                                              Estimates of          Risk
                                                Excluding                                          Excluding
                                                                  Loss- Assets for                                   Loss-     the present   adjustment
                                                     loss-                                              loss-
                                                               recovery  incurred         Total                   recovery        value of      for non-      Total
                                                 recovery                                           recovery
                                                             component     claims                               component           future     financial
                                               component                                          component
                                                                                                                               cash flows            risk

      Reinsurance contract assets as at
                                                   10,547          201        318     11,066           1,445        1,017          19,369             308   22,139
        1 January

      Reinsurance contract liabilities as at
                                                        –              –        –            –          (322)             –          (487)              –     (809)




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
        1 January

      Net assets of reinsurance contracts as
                                                   10,547          201        318     11,066           1,123        1,017          18,882             308   21,330
        at 1 January

      Allocation of reinsurance premiums             (621)             –        –         (621)      (15,217)             –             –               –   (15,217)

        Amounts recoverable for claims and
         other related expenses incurred                –          (30)       226          196             –              –        15,580             226   15,806
         during the year

        Recognition and reversals of
                                                        –          240          –          240             –          184               –               –      184
          loss-recovery component

        Changes in fulfillment cash flows
          related to reinsurance contracts              –              –        (9)         (9)            –              –        (1,821)         (169)     (1,990)
          assets for incurred claims

        Effect of changes in non-performance
                                                        –              –        –            –             –              –           (28)              –       (28)
          of reinsurers

      Recoveries of insurance service
                                                        –          210        217          427             –          184          13,731              57   13,972
        expenses from reinsurers




                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
      Reinsurance service results                    (621)         210        217         (194)      (15,217)         184          13,731              57    (1,245)

      Reinsurance finance income for
                                                      679              8        1          688           169              –           312               –      481
        reinsurance contracts held

      Other changes recognised in other
                                                        –              –        –            –            (3)             –            (3)              –        (6)
        comprehensive income

      Total changes in other comprehensive
                                                       58          218        218          494       (15,051)         184          14,040              57     (770)
        income

      Investment components                          (211)             –      211            –        (5,080)             –         5,080               –         –

        Reinsurance premiums paid                     665              –        –          665        20,092              –             –               –   20,092

        Amounts received from recoveries
         of claims and other related                    –              –     (130)        (130)            –              –       (14,399)              –   (14,399)
         expenses incurred

        Other cash flows                              (24)             –        –          (24)        1,430              –             –               –     1,430

      Total cash flows                                641              –     (130)         511        21,522              –       (14,399)              –     7,123




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
      Reinsurance contract assets as at
                                                   11,035          419        617     12,071           2,514        1,201          23,603             365   27,683
        31 December




                                                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report   83
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      25.        Reinsurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
                 The analysis by measurement component of contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is as
                 follows:

                                                                                                                      2024

                                                                                                                  Contractual service margins

                                                                                                                       Contracts
                                                                            Present           Risk   Contracts
                                                                                                                       under the
                                                                           value of    adjustment    under the                      Other
                                                                                                                       modified                 Subtotal    Total
                                                                             future       for non-   fair value                  contracts
                                                                                                                   retrospective
                                                                         cash flows financial risk    approach
                                                                                                                       approach

                  Reinsurance contract assets as at 1 January                9,234            188        2,431                –        218        2,649    12,071

                     Amortisation of contractual service margin                   –             –         (171)               –        (63)        (234)    (234)

                     Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk            –             –            –                –          –            –        –

                     Experience adjustments                                   (449)             –            –                –          –            –     (449)

                  Changes that relate to current services                     (449)             –         (171)               –        (63)        (234)    (683)

                     Reinsurance contracts initially recognised in
                                                                               (38)             7            –                –         31           31        –
                       the year

                     Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual
                                                                               (50)           (21)        (144)               –        215           71        –
                       service margin

                     Recognition and reversals of loss-recovery
                                                                                  –             –            9                –         39           48       48
                       component

                  Changes that relate to future services                       (88)           (14)        (135)               –        285          150       48

                     Adjustments to reinsurance amortisation of assets
                                                                                55             (6)           –                –          –            –       49
                       for incurred claims

                  Changes related to past services                              55             (6)           –                –          –            –       49

                  Insurance service result                                    (482)           (20)        (306)               –        222          (84)    (586)

                  Reinsurance finance income for reinsurance
                                                                             1,112             18           81                –          8           89     1,219
                    contracts held

                  Other changes of other comprehensive income                   23              –            –                –          –            –       23

                  Total changes of other comprehensive income                  653             (2)        (225)               –        230            5      656

                     Reinsurance premiums paid                               2,022              –            –                –          –            –     2,022

                     Amounts received from recoveries of claims
                                                                              (492)             –            –                –          –            –     (492)
                      and other related expenses incurred

                     Other cash flows                                          990              –            –                –          –            –      990

                  Total cash flows                                           2,520              –            –                –          –            –     2,520

                  Other changes                                                   –             –            –                –          –            –        –

                  Reinsurance contract assets at 31 December                12,407            186        2,206                –        448        2,654    15,247




84    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                          Financial Report
                                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

25.   Reinsurance contract liabilities/assets (continued)
      The analysis by measurement component of contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is as




                                                                                                                                                                     Operating results
      follows: (continued)

                                                                                                           2023

                                                                                                       Contractual service margins

                                                                                                            Contracts
                                                                 Present           Risk   Contracts
                                                                                                            under the
                                                                value of    adjustment    under the                        Other
                                                                                                            modified                 Subtotal        Total
                                                             future cash       for non-   fair value                    contracts
                                                                                                        retrospective
                                                                   flows financial risk    approach
                                                                                                            approach

      Reinsurance contract assets as at 1 January                 8,138            213        2,630                 –         85       2,715       11,066

        Amortisation of contractual service margin                    –              –         (186)                –         (8)       (194)         (194)

        Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk             –             (4)           –                 –          –           –            (4)

        Experience adjustments                                     (227)             –            –                 –          –           –          (227)




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
      Changes that relate to current services                      (227)            (4)        (186)                –         (8)       (194)         (425)

        Reinsurance contracts initially recognised in
                                                                    (25)             7            –                 –         18          18             –
          the year

        Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual
                                                                    255            (36)        (140)                –        (79)       (219)            –
          service margin

        Recognition and reversals of loss-recovery
                                                                      –              –           42                 –        198         240           240
          component

      Changes that relate to future services                        230            (29)         (98)                –        137          39           240

        Adjustments to reinsurance amortisation of assets
                                                                     (7)            (2)           –                 –          –           –            (9)
          for incurred claims

      Changes related to past services                               (7)            (2)           –                 –          –           –            (9)

      Insurance service result                                       (4)           (35)        (284)                –        129        (155)         (194)

      Reinsurance finance income for reinsurance
                                                                    589             10           85                 –          4          89           688
        contracts held

      Total changes of other comprehensive income                   585            (25)        (199)                –        133         (66)          494




                                                                                                                                                                     Other information
        Reinsurance premiums paid                                   665              –            –                 –          –           –           665

        Amounts received from recoveries of claims
                                                                   (130)             –            –                 –          –           –          (130)
         and other related expenses incurred

        Other cash flows                                            (24)             –            –                 –          –           –           (24)

      Total cash flows                                              511              –            –                 –          –           –           511

      Reinsurance contract assets at 31 December                  9,234            188        2,431                 –        218       2,649       12,071

      As of 31 December 2024, the Group expects that 62% (31 December 2023: 63%) of the contractual service margin of
      reinsurance contracts that do not apply the premium allocation approach will be recognised in profit or loss within
      the next 10 years.
      The impact of reinsurance contracts that do not initially recognised under the premium allocation approach on the
      balance sheet is as follows:

                                                                                                            2024                                     2023




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
      Estimates of present value of future cash inflows                                                    1,120                                       353

      Estimates of present value of future cash outflows                                                  (1,158)                                     (378)

      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                   7                                         7

      Contractual service margin                                                                              31                                        18

      Impact of contracts initially recognised during the year                                                 –                                         –




                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report   85
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      26.        Other liabilities
                                                                                                                       31 December 2024              31 December 2023

                  Other payables                                                                        (1)                      41,086                        30,512

                  Accrued expenses                                                                                                   2,456                      2,100

                  Insurance security fund                                                                                             401                         372

                  Dividends payable                                                                                                     4                           4

                  Others                                                                                                             4,040                      4,390

                  Total                                                                                                          47,987                        37,378

                 (1) Other payables

                                                                                                                       31 December 2024              31 December 2023

                        Payables to third-party investors of consolidated structured entities                                    17,391                        13,845

                        Payables related to asset-backed securities                                                              16,098                         8,308

                        Payables to be claimed by customers                                                                          1,587                      1,885

                        Co-insurance payable                                                                                         1,184                      1,229

                        Payables for securities purchased but not settled                                                            1,430                        289

                        Payables for purchases                                                                                        846                       1,210

                        Payables for construction and purchasing office building                                                      889                         940

                        Deposits                                                                                                      807                         801

                        Compulsory automobile insurance rescue fund                                                                   300                         287

                        Reimbursement payables                                                                                        367                          97

                        Others                                                                                                        187                       1,621

                        Total                                                                                                    41,086                        30,512

                       The account balance does not include any amount attributable to shareholders holding 5% or more of the voting
                       rights of the Company.

      27.        Issued capital
                 Shares of the Company as well as the percentages of shareholding are shown below.

                                                                                  1 January 2024      Increase of number of shares                   31 December 2024

                                                                      Number of    Percentage of              Newly                          Number of   Percentage of
                                                                                                                           Others
                                                                         shares     shareholding              issued                            shares    shareholding

                  I. Shares with trading restrictions

                      Shares held by domestic
                                                                              –                 0%                –             –                    –            0%
                        non-state owned legal persons

                  Sub-total                                                   –                 0%                –             –                    –            0%

                  II. Shares without trading restrictions

                      Ordinary shares denominated in RMB                  6,844                 71%               –             –                6,844           71%

                      Foreign shares listed overseas                      2,776                 29%               –             –                2,776           29%

                  Sub-total                                               9,620            100%                   –             –                9,620          100%

                  III. Total                                              9,620            100%                   –             –                9,620          100%

                 As at 31 December 2024, the number of shares which the Company issued and fully paid at RMB 1 per share was 9,620
                 million.
                 As at 31 December 2023, the number of shares which the Company issued and fully paid at RMB 1 per share was 9,620
                 million.




86    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                          Financial Report
                                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

28.   Capital reserves
                                                                                           31 December 2024            31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                    Operating results
      Capital premium                                                                                79,008                        79,008

      Impact of capital injection to subsidiaries, etc.                                               2,105                         2,105

      Impact of equity transactions with non-controlling interests                                     (131)                         (131)

      Impact of other changes in the equity of investees accounted for using the equity
                                                                                                        352                           351
        method

      Redistribution of cumulative changes in fair value of available-for-sale financial
                                                                                                     (1,413)                       (1,413)
        assets when purchasing equity from non-controlling interests

      Impact of phased business combinations                                                             28                            28

      Impact of capital invested by other equity instrument holders                                      (3)                            –

      Others                                                                                              2                             2

      Total                                                                                          79,948                        79,950




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
      Capital reserves mainly represent share premiums from issuance of shares and the deemed disposal of an equity
      interest in CPIC Life to certain foreign investors in December 2005, and the subsequent repurchase of the shares
      mentioned above in the same subsidiary by the Company in April 2007. In addition, the Company issued GDRs and
      listed on the LSE in 2020 which also increased the capital reserves.

29.   Surplus reserves
                                                                                                     Statutory surplus reserve (the “SSR”)

      1 January 2023                                                                                                                5,114

      Appropriations                                                                                                                    –

      31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024                                                                                         5,114


30.   General reserves
      In accordance with relevant regulations, general risk provisions should be made to cover catastrophic risks or losses
      as incurred by companies engaged in the insurance, banking, trust, securities, futures, fund management, leasing
      and financial guarantee businesses. Companies undertaking insurance activities are required to set aside 10% of their




                                                                                                                                                    Other information
      net profit to general reserves, while companies undertaking asset management activities are required to set aside
      10% of their management fee income to the risk reserves until the balance reaches 1% of the balance of products
      under management.
      In accordance with relevant regulations, as part of the profit distribution and as presented in their annual financial
      statements, the Group’s subsidiaries engaged in the above-mentioned businesses make appropriations to their
      general reserves on the basis of their annual net profit, year-end risk assets or management fee income from
      products under management where appropriate. Such general reserves cannot be used for dividends distribution or
      conversion to capital.

                                                                                                                         General reserves

      1 January 2023                                                                                                               22,692

      Appropriations                                                                                                                2,770

      31 December 2023                                                                                                             25,462

      Appropriations                                                                                                                4,466




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
      31 December 2024                                                                                                             29,928




                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report   87
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      31.        Profit distribution and retained profits
                 According to the Articles of Association of the Company, the amount of retained profits available for distribution
                 of the Company should be the amount determined under CASs, or determined under CASs if permissible by local
                 rules where the Company is listed. According to the Articles of Association of the Company and applicable laws and
                 regulations, the Company’s profit distribution is made the following order:
                 (1) Making up for losses brought forward from prior years;
                 (2) Appropriating to SSR at 10% of the net profit;
                 (3) Making appropriation to the discretionary surplus reserve (“DSR”) in accordance with the resolution of the general
                     shareholders’ meeting; and
                 (4) Paying dividends to shareholders.
                 The Company can cease the appropriation to SSR when SSR accumulates to more than 50% of the registered capital.
                 The SSR may be used to make up for losses, if any, and, subject to the approval of the general shareholders’ meeting,
                 may also be converted into capital to make to fund an issue of new shares to shareholders on a proportionate basis.
                 However, the conversion of SSR to capital should not bring the retained SSR to below 25% of the registered capital.
                 The balance of SSR reached 50% of the respective registered capital. The Company does not set aside SSR in 2024.
                 After making necessary appropriations to the SSR, the Company and its subsidiaries in the PRC may also appropriate
                 a portion of their net profit to the DSR upon the approval of the shareholders in general meetings. Subject to the
                 approval of the shareholders, the DSR may be used to offset accumulated losses, if any, and may be converted into
                 capital. The Company does not set aside DSR in 2024.
                 Pursuant to the resolution of the 10th meeting of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company held on 26 March
                 2025, a final dividend of approximately RMB 10,390 million (equivalent to annual cash dividend of RMB 1.08 per share
                 (including tax)) was proposed. The profit distribution plan is subject to the approval of the general shareholders’
                 meeting.
                 Of the Group’s retained profits in the consolidated financial statements, RMB 25,745 million as at 31 December 2024
                 (31 December 2023: RMB 23,929 million) represents the Company’s share of its subsidiaries’ surplus reserve fund.
                 According to the resolution of the 42nd meeting of the 7th Board of Directors of CPIC Property on 22 April 2024, CPIC
                 Property proposed to appropriate RMB 1,000 million of DSR from retained profits. The proposal was approved by the
                 general meeting of shareholders of CPIC Property on 22 May 2024.

      32.        Non-controlling interests
                                                                                                             31 December 2024                           31 December 2023

                  CPIC Property                                                                                              950                                        827

                  CPIC Life*                                                                                              22,693                                     14,029

                  Changjiang Pension                                                                                       1,611                                      1,536

                  CPIC Funds                                                                                                 638                                        589

                  PAAIC                                                                                                    1,031                                        998

                  Pacific Care Home at Dali                                                                                  141                                        139

                  Total                                                                                                   27,064                                     18,118


                 * On 5 December 2023, CPIC Life publicly issued unsecured perpetual capital bonds with a total face value of RMB 12,000 million in the interbank market.
                 On 14 June 2024, CPIC Life publicly issued unsecured perpetual capital bonds with a total face value of RMB 8,000 million in the interbank market. The
                 duration of the bond is aligned with the duration of CPIC Life considered as going concern. CPIC Life shall have the right to redeem the bond in whole or
                 in part at face value five years after the date of issue on each interest payment date (including the fifth interest payment date after the date of issue). As
                 of 31 December 2024, non-controlling interests of the Group included RMB 20,134 million of perpetual bonds issued by CPIC Life (31 December 2023: RMB
                 12,029 million). The perpetual bonds are classified as an equity instrument and presented as non-controlling interests in the Group’s consolidated financial
                 statements.




88    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

33.   Insurance revenue
                                                                                              2024                         2023




                                                                                                                                           Operating results
      Insurance contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach

      Amounts relating to the changes in the liability for remaining coverage                61,232                      61,214

        Amortisation of contractual service margin                                           26,836                      26,202

        Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                 1,245                        1,274

        Insurance service expenses expected to be incurred in the period                     31,394                      31,983

        Experience adjustments for premium receipts relating to current and past services     1,757                        1,755

      Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows                                       21,926                      21,752

      Subtotal of insurance contracts not measured under the premium allocation
                                                                                             83,158                      82,966
        approach

      Insurance contracts measured under the premium allocation approach                    196,315                     183,201

      Total of insurance revenue                                                            279,473                     266,167




                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
34.   Interest income
                                                                                              2024                         2023

      Interest income of debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                                             46,196                      45,764
        comprehensive income

      Interest income of term deposits                                                        5,924                        7,480

      Interest income of financial assets at amortised cost                                   3,063                        4,069

      Interest income of restricted statutory deposits                                         236                           277

      Interest income of securities purchased under agreements to resell                       142                           224

      Others                                                                                   430                           448

      Total                                                                                  55,991                      58,262


35.   Investment income




                                                                                                                                           Other information
                                                                                              2024                         2023

      Realised gains/(losses)

        Financial instruments held for trading and other financial instruments
                                                                                             (1,733)                    (12,078)
          at fair value through profit or loss

        Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                     3,041                          712

        Derivatives                                                                               3                           55

        Financial assets at amortised cost                                                       27                            –

      Gains during the holding period

        Financial instruments held for trading and other financial instruments
                                                                                             20,331                      13,981
          at fair value through profit or loss

        Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through other
                                                                                               590                           351
          comprehensive income that terminated

        Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through other
                                                                                              5,188                        4,418
          comprehensive income that still hold




                                                                                                                                           Financial report
      Share of losses of associates and joint ventures                                         (540)                        (386)

      Total                                                                                  26,907                        7,053

      As at the balance sheet date, there was no significant restriction on the repatriation of the Group’s investment
      income.




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   89
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      36.        Gains/(losses) arising from changes in fair value
                                                                      2024       2023

                  Bond investments                                   10,378      3,591

                  Fund investments                                    7,577     (2,143)

                  Derivatives                                           (66)     (193)

                  Stock investments                                  23,091    (13,940)

                  Others                                             (3,267)      973

                  Total                                              37,713    (11,712)


      37.        Other operating income
                                                                      2024       2023

                  Income from management fee                          2,352      2,022

                  Rental income from investment properties             699        727

                  Others                                               759        993

                  Total                                               3,810      3,742


      38.        Gains on disposal of assets
                                                                      2024       2023

                  Gains on disposal of fixed assets                       2        23




90    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Financial Report
                                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

39.   Total investment results of insurance business segment
                                                                                        2024                         2023




                                                                                                                                     Operating results
      Investment return

        Interest income                                                               54,160                       56,071

        Investment income                                                             25,419                         7,048

        Gains/(losses) arising from changes in fair value                             36,441                      (12,898)

        Impairment losses on financial assets                                            (507)                      (2,007)

        Impairment losses on other assets                                                (406)                        (225)

        Total amounts recognised in the profit or loss                               115,107                       47,989

        Total amounts recognised in other comprehensive income                       147,376                       51,795

      Total investment return                                                        262,483                       99,784

      Insurance finance income/(expenses) from insurance contracts issued

        Changes in fair value of underlying items of insurance contracts with




                                                                                                                                     Corporate governance
                                                                                     (111,489)                    (40,179)
          direct participation features

        Interest accreted on insurance contracts and effect of changes in interest
                                                                                     (120,216)                    (55,912)
          rates and other financial assumptions

        Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                (2)                           4

      Total insurance finance income/(expenses) from insurance contracts issued      (231,707)                    (96,087)

      Represented by:

        Amounts recognised in profit or loss                                          (92,520)                    (46,741)

        Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income/(loss)                      (139,187)                    (49,346)

      Reinsurance finance income/(expenses) from reinsurance contracts held             2,071                        1,169

      Represented by:

        Amounts recognised in profit or loss                                            2,103                        1,174

        Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income/(loss)                           (32)                          (5)

      Investment results                                                              32,847                         4,866




                                                                                                                                     Other information
      Represented by:

        Amounts recognised in profit or loss                                          24,690                         2,422

        Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income/(loss)                         8,157                        2,444




                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report   91
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      40.        Interest expenses
                                                                                                   2024       2023

                  Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                   2,112      1,851

                  Debt                                                                              374        496

                  Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                             88         93

                  Others                                                                            154        188

                  Total                                                                            2,728      2,628


      41.        Taxes and surcharges
                                                                                                   2024       2023

                  City maintenance and construction tax                                             379        386

                  Educational surcharge                                                             279        283

                  Others                                                                            485        514

                  Less: Insurance acquisition cash flows incurred in the year                      (663)      (690)

                          Other insurance fulfilment cash flows incurred in the year                 (41)       (48)

                  Total                                                                             439        445


      42.        Operating and administrative expenses
                 The Group’s operating and administrative fee details by items are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024       2023

                  Payroll and welfare benefits                                                   23,998     23,950

                  Advertising expenses (including business publicity expenses)                     6,150      6,777

                  Professional service fees                                                        6,036      5,151

                  Outsourcing service fees                                                         3,381      2,727

                  General office and travel expense                                                2,108      2,765

                  Insurance security funds withdrawal                                              2,241      2,159

                  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              1,047      1,299

                  Depreciation of fixed assets                                                     1,229      1,265

                  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                1,153      1,142

                  Property management fees                                                          812        806

                  Labour costs                                                                      567        645

                  Consulting fees                                                                   637        538

                  Amortisation of other long-term assets                                            446        449

                  Compulsory automobile rescue fund                                                 153        158

                  Rent for short-term and low-value asset leases                                     58         77

                  Finance report and internal control audit fees                                     26         25

                  Other audit service fees                                                           12         10

                  Others                                                                           6,091      5,382

                  Subtotal                                                                       56,145     55,325

                  Less: Insurance acquisition cash flows incurred in the year                    (35,271)   (36,227)

                          Other insurance fulfilment cash flows incurred in the year             (12,635)   (11,701)

                  Total                                                                            8,239      7,397




92    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

43.   Impairment losses on financial assets
                                                                             2024                        2023




                                                                                                                         Operating results
      Impairment loss of debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                              301                        1,324
        comprehensive income

      Impairment loss of financial assets at amortised cost                   220                          563

      Impairment loss of term deposits                                          6                          (16)

      Impairment loss of others                                                 4                          142

      Total                                                                   531                        2,013


44.   Other operating expenses
                                                                             2024                        2023

      Interest expenses for policyholders’ investment contract liabilities     46                           55

      Depreciation of investment properties                                   396                          473




                                                                                                                         Corporate governance
      Others                                                                  664                          620

      Total                                                                  1,106                       1,148


45.   Non-operating income
                                                                             2024                        2023

      Custody fees of entrusted operation                                       5                           62

      Government subsidies unrelated to ordinary activities                     9                            6

      Others                                                                   72                           68

      Total                                                                    86                          136


46.   Non-operating expenses
                                                                             2024                        2023

      Charitable donations and commercial sponsorship                          65                           73




                                                                                                                         Other information
      Government fines & confiscations and liquidated damages                  53                           37

      Overdue tax payment and fines                                            18                            4

      Others                                                                   98                           81

      Total                                                                   234                          195




                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                               2024 Annual Report   93
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      47.        Income tax
                                                                                                  2024                             2023

                  Current income tax                                                             1,724                            2,756

                  Deferred income tax                                                            7,398                            1,334

                  Total                                                                          9,122                            4,090

                 The relationship between income tax expenses and total profit is shown below:

                                                                                                  2024                             2023

                  Total profit                                                                  55,563                           32,001

                  Taxes calculated at the statutory tax rate of 25%                             13,891                            8,000

                  Income tax adjustment for prior years                                           (428)                            (241)

                  Non-taxable income                                                             (9,051)                          (7,369)

                  Non-deductible expenses                                                          408                              450

                  Others                                                                         4,302                            3,250

                  Income tax calculated at applicable tax rates                                  9,122                            4,090

                 The income tax of the Group is provided at applicable tax rate in accordance with the estimated taxable income
                 obtained in Mainland China. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing
                 in the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices
                 in respect thereof.




94    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report
                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

48.   Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                                      Other comprehensive income in




                                                                                                                                                                                      Operating results
                                                                                                 Other comprehensive income/(loss) in income statement
                                              balance sheet

                                                                                           Less: Recognised      Less: Recognised
                                                                                                      in other              in other
                                                                                                                                                                 Attributable
                                              Attributable                    Amount          comprehensive         comprehensive         Less:   Attributable
                                                                   31                                                                                                 to non-
                                  1 January         to the                    incurred       income/(loss) in      income/(loss) in     Income          to the
                                                             December                                                                                             controlling
                                       2024   Company –                         before   previous period but        previous period         tax   Company –
                                                                 2024                                                                                          interests – net
                                                net of tax                 income tax    transferred to profit    but transferred to   expenses     net of tax
                                                                                                                                                                        of tax
                                                                                            or loss in current   retained profits in
                                                                                                          year          current year

      Other comprehensive
        income/(loss) that will
                                       263         4,928        5,191          6,367                        –                  239      (1,592)        4,928               86
        not be reclassified to
        profit or loss

        Changes in the fair
          value of equity
          investments at
                                     1,653         5,804        7,457          8,047                        –                 (124)     (2,012)        5,804             107




                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
          fair value through
          other comprehensive
          income

        Insurance finance
          income/(expenses)
          for insurance
          contracts issued          (1,390)         (876)      (2,266)        (1,680)                       –                  363         420           (876)            (21)
          that will not be
          reclassified to
          profit or loss

      Other comprehensive
        income/(loss) that
                                     7,729         1,997        9,726          3,693                    (883)                     –       (785)        1,997               28
        will be reclassified to
        profit or loss

        Share of other
          comprehensive
          income/(loss) that
          will be reclassified
                                      (100)             3         (97)              4                       –                     –         (1)             3               –
          to profit or loss of




                                                                                                                                                                                      Other information
          investees accounted
          for using the
          equity method

        Changes in the fair
          value of debt
          instruments at fair
                                    78,160       103,237      181,397        144,731                  (4,702)                     –    (35,007)      103,237           1,785
          value through other
          comprehensive
          income

        Changes in provisions
          for credit risks of
          debt instruments at
                                     3,045           215        3,260            303                      (10)                    –        (73)          215                5
          fair value through
          other comprehensive
          income

        Exchange differences
          on translation of             60             23             83           23                       –                     –          –             23               –
          foreign operations




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
        Insurance finance
          income/(expenses)
          for insurance
                                   (73,431)     (101,450)    (174,881)      (141,336)                  3,829                      –     34,296      (101,450)         (1,761)
          contracts issued that
          will be reclassified
          to profit or loss

        Insurance finance
          income/(expenses)
          for reinsurance
                                        (5)           (31)        (36)            (32)                      –                     –          –            (31)             (1)
          contracts held that
          will be reclassified
          to profit or loss

      Total                          7,992         6,925       14,917         10,060                    (883)                  239      (2,377)        6,925             114




                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report    95
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      48.        Other comprehensive income/(loss) (continued)
                                                      Other comprehensive income in
                                                                                                                  Other comprehensive income/(loss) in income statement
                                                              balance sheet

                                                                                                            Less: Recognised      Less: Recognised
                                                                                                                       in other              in other
                                                                                                                                                                                  Attributable
                                                              Attributable                     Amount          comprehensive         comprehensive         Less:   Attributable
                                                                                   31                                                                                                  to non-
                                                  1 January         to the                     incurred       income/(loss) in      income/(loss) in     Income          to the
                                                                             December                                                                                              controlling
                                                       2023   Company –                          before   previous period but        previous period         tax   Company –
                                                                                 2023                                                                                           interests – net
                                                                net of tax                  income tax    transferred to profit    but transferred to   expenses     net of tax
                                                                                                                                                                                         of tax
                                                                                                             or loss in current   retained profits in
                                                                                                                           year          current year

                  Other comprehensive
                    income/(loss) that will
                                                      (122)          385          263             533                        –                    (6)      (133)          385                9
                    not be reclassified to
                    profit or loss

                     Changes in the fair
                       value of equity
                       investments at fair
                                                       593         1,060        1,653           1,452                        –                    (5)      (363)        1,060               24
                       value through other
                       comprehensive
                       income

                     Insurance finance
                       income/(expenses)
                       for insurance
                       contracts issued               (715)         (675)      (1,390)            (919)                      –                    (1)       230           (675)            (15)
                       that will not be
                       reclassified to
                       profit or loss

                  Other comprehensive
                    income/(loss) that
                                                     6,592         1,137        7,729             846                     740                      –       (434)        1,137               15
                    will be reclassified to
                    profit or loss

                     Share of other
                       comprehensive
                       income/(loss) that
                       will be reclassified to
                                                       (47)           (53)       (100)             (72)                      –                     –         18            (53)             (1)
                       profit or loss of
                       investees accounted
                       for using the
                       equity method

                     Changes in the fair
                       value of debt
                       instruments at
                                                    42,188        35,972       78,160          49,445                    (603)                     –    (12,250)       35,972             620
                       fair value through
                       other comprehensive
                       income

                     Changes in provisions
                       for credit risks of
                       debt instruments at
                                                     2,136           909        3,045           1,316                      (83)                    –       (308)          909               16
                       fair value through
                       other comprehensive
                       income

                     Exchange differences
                       on translation of                45             15             60            15                       –                     –          –             15               –
                       foreign operations

                     Insurance finance
                       income/(expenses)
                       for insurance
                                                   (37,730)      (35,701)     (73,431)        (49,853)                  1,426                      –     12,106       (35,701)           (620)
                       contracts issued that
                       will be reclassified
                       to profit or loss

                     Insurance finance
                       income/(expenses)
                       for reinsurance
                                                         –             (5)            (5)           (5)                      –                     –          –             (5)              –
                       contracts held that
                       will be reclassified
                       to profit or loss

                  Total                              6,470         1,522        7,992           1,379                     740                     (6)      (567)        1,522               24




96    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Financial Report
                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

49.   Earnings per share
      (1) Basic earnings per share




                                                                                                                                      Operating results
      Basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing the net profit of the current period attributable to the
      shareholders of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares issued by the Company.

                                                                                          2024                        2023

      Consolidated net profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent    44,960                     27,257

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (million shares)                9,620                       9,620

      Basic earnings per share (RMB Yuan)                                                  4.67                        2.83

      (2) Diluted earnings per share
      The Company had no dilutive potential ordinary shares in 2024 and 2023.

50.   Notes to items in consolidated statement of cash flow
      (1) Significant payments related to other operating activities are listed below:




                                                                                                                                      Corporate governance
                                                                                          2024                        2023

      Surrenders                                                                         25,559                     23,122

      Advertising expenses (including business publicity expenses)                        6,150                       6,777

      Outsourcing service fees                                                            3,381                       2,727

      Professional service fees                                                           6,036                       5,151

      Office and travel expenses                                                          2,108                       2,765

      Prevention expenses                                                                 1,307                       1,644

      Property management fees                                                             812                          806

      Consulting fees                                                                      637                          573

      Labour costs                                                                         567                          645

      Entrusted management fees                                                            457                          261




                                                                                                                                      Other information
      (2) Significant receipts related to other financing activities are listed below:

                                                                                          2024                        2023

      Cash proceeds from the issue of asset-backed securities                            16,000                       9,000

      Cash received related to non-controlling interests of consolidated
                                                                                            58                        1,649
        structured entities, net

      Total                                                                              16,058                     10,649

      (3) Significant payments related to other financing activities are listed below:

                                                                                          2024                        2023

      Cash paid for principal elements of lease payments                                  1,606                       1,980

      Cash paid for non-controlling interests of consolidated structured
                                                                                          4,414                           –
        entities, net

      Total                                                                               6,020                       1,980




                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                            2024 Annual Report   97
     Financial Report
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      VI.        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      51.        Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                             31 December 2024    31 December 2023

                  Cash:

                     Cash at bank and on hand                                                               –                   2

                     Cash at bank readily available for payments                                       27,556              29,833

                     Other cash balances readily available for payments                                 1,215               1,097

                  Cash equivalents:

                     Investments with an initial term within 3 months                                  10,902               2,808

                  Total                                                                                39,673              33,740


      52.        Supplementary information to the cash flow statements
                 (1) Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating activities:

                                                                                                        2024                2023

                  Net profit                                                                           46,441              27,911

                  Add: Impairment losses on financial assets                                             531                2,013

                          Impairment losses on other assets                                              406                 253

                          Depreciation of fixed assets and investment properties                        1,801               1,857

                          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           1,174               1,328

                          Amortisation of intangible assets                                             1,205               1,196

                          Amortisation of other long-term assets                                         465                 454

                          Net gains on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and
                                                                                                           (2)                (23)
                            other long-term assets

                          Investment income                                                           (26,907)             (7,053)

                          Interest income                                                             (55,991)            (58,262)

                          (Gains)/losses arising from changes in fair value                           (37,713)             11,712

                          Interest expenses                                                             2,728               2,628

                          Exchange losses/(gains)                                                         64                 (159)

                          Deferred income tax                                                           7,398               1,334

                          Changes in insurance contract liabilities/assets, net                       218,020             158,395

                          Changes in reinsurance contract liabilities/assets, net                      (6,359)             (7,363)

                          Increase in operating receivables                                            (1,497)             (1,432)

                          Increase in operating payables                                                2,640               3,074

                  Net cash flows from operating activities                                            154,404             137,863

                 (2) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents:

                                                                                                        2024                2023

                  Cash at the end of year                                                              28,771              30,932

                  Less: Cash at the beginning of year                                                 (30,932)            (32,685)

                  Cash equivalents at the end of year                                                  10,902               2,808

                  Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                      (2,808)            (21,124)

                  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                  5,933             (20,069)




98    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                         Financial Report
                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VI.    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

52.    Supplementary information to the cash flow statements (continued)
       (3) The changes in liabilities arising from financing activities are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                       Operating results
                                                                                                  2024

                                                                         Bonds        Securities sold under        Lease
                                                                                                                                      Others
                                                                        payable   agreements to repurchase     liabilities

           Balance at the beginning of year                              10,285                    115,819         3,095               8,444

           Cash activities                                                (366)                     62,464        (1,606)              7,629

           Non-cash activities                                             367                       3,412         1,233                  63

           Balance at the end of year                                    10,286                    181,695         2,722             16,136


VII.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
       The Group presents segment information based on its major operating segments.
       For management purpose, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services. Different




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate governance
       operating segments provide products and services with different risks and rewards.
       The Group’s operating segments are listed as follows:
       •       The life and health insurance segment (mainly including CPIC Life, CPIC Health and CPIC Life (H.K.)) offers a wide
               range of life and health insurance in RMB and foreign currencies;
       •       The property and casualty insurance segment (including CPIC Property, PAAIC and CPIC H.K.) provides a wide
               range of property and casualty insurance in RMB and foreign currencies;
       •       The asset management segment (including CPIC Asset Management, Changjiang Pension, CPIC Investment (H.K.),
               CPIC Funds and CPIC Capital) provides asset-management services;
       •       Except for the above business segments, other business segments have no material impact on the Group’s
               operating results and are therefore not presented separately.
       Intersegment sales and transfers are measured based on the actual transaction price.
       More than 99% of the Group’s revenue is derived from its operations in Mainland China. More than 99% of the
       Group’s assets are located in Mainland China.




                                                                                                                                                       Other information
       In 2024, the scale premium of the top five external customers amounted to 0.52% (in 2023: 0.46%) of the Group’s
       total scale premium.




                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   99
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       VII.       SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
                                                                                                                                          2024

                      Items                                                                            Life and         Property
                                                                                                                                            Asset          Others and
                                                                                                         health      and casualty                                                Total
                                                                                                                                       management         eliminations
                                                                                                      insurance        insurance
                      Insurance revenue                                                                  86,043           193,983                   –             (553)       279,473
                      Interest income                                                                    49,095              4,725               231             1,940          55,991
                      Investment income                                                                  25,506              1,731                 23             (353)         26,907
                        Including: Share of (losses)/profits of associates
                                                                                                             (16)               26                  2             (552)           (540)
                                     and joint ventures
                                    Gain arising from the derecognition of
                                                                                                               –                27                  –                 –              27
                                      financial assets measured at amortized cost
                      Other income                                                                            42                70                 82                63            257
                      Gains arising from changes in fair value                                           30,321              2,039                 60            5,293          37,713
                      Exchange gains/(losses)                                                                 11              (103)                 –                28             (64)
                      Other operating income                                                              1,179                295             3,312              (976)          3,810
                      Gains on disposal of assets                                                              1                 1                  –                 –               2
                      Operating income                                                                  192,198           202,741              3,708             5,442        404,089
                      Insurance service expenses                                                        (56,147)         (187,358)                  –              358       (243,147)
                      Allocation of reinsurance premiums                                                   (668)          (15,816)                  –              593         (15,891)
                      Less: Recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers                        426            14,119                   –               (79)        14,466
                      Insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued                         (87,794)            (3,271)                 –           (1,455)        (92,520)
                      Less: Reinsurance finance income for reinsurance contracts held                     1,218                912                  –               (27)         2,103
                      Others                                                                             (6,677)            (1,868)           (2,185)           (2,659)        (13,389)
                      Operating expenses                                                              (149,642)          (193,282)            (2,185)           (3,269)      (348,378)
                      Operating profit                                                                   42,556              9,459             1,523             2,173          55,711
                      Add: Non-operating income                                                               15                52                  –                19              86
                      Less: Non-operating expenses                                                           (78)             (106)                (1)              (49)          (234)
                      Profit before tax                                                                  42,493              9,405             1,522             2,143          55,563
                      Less: Income tax                                                                   (6,364)            (1,769)              (348)            (641)         (9,122)
                      Net profit for the year                                                            36,129              7,636             1,174             1,502          46,441
                      Supplementary information:
                        Capital expenditure                                                                 797                615               105             2,150           3,667
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                     1,962              1,521               233               885           4,601
                        Impairment losses on financial assets                                               251                232                 24                24            531
                      As at 31 December 2024
                        Long-term equity investments                                                    115,822                236                  9          (93,547)         22,520
                        Financial assets*                                                            2,180,866            146,875              8,697          145,617       2,482,055
                        Insurance contract assets                                                              –                22                  –                 –              22
                        Reinsurance contract assets                                                      15,573            31,677                   –           (1,169)         46,081
                        Term deposits                                                                   134,818            30,286                254             8,460        173,818
                        Others                                                                           45,150            27,867              4,406            32,988        110,411
                      Segment assets                                                                 2,492,229            236,963            13,366             92,349      2,834,907
                        Insurance contract liabilities                                               2,092,386            138,275                   –           (1,147)     2,229,514
                        Bonds payable                                                                          –           10,286                   –                 –         10,286
                        Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                  175,850              3,112               834             1,899        181,695
                        Others                                                                           52,558            20,536              2,748            19,089          94,931
                      Segment liabilities                                                            2,320,794            172,209              3,582            19,841      2,516,426


                  *      Financial assets include financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial assets, financial assets at amortised cost, debt investments
                         at fair value through other comprehensive income and equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.




100    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report
                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VII.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
                                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                                              Property
           Items                                                                            Life and                                                Others
                                                                                                                   and           Asset




                                                                                                                                                                                        Operating results
                                                                                              health                                                    and           Total
                                                                                                               casualty     management
                                                                                           insurance                                           eliminations
                                                                                                             insurance
           Insurance revenue                                                                  87,217           179,488                   –             (538)       266,167
           Interest income                                                                    50,297              5,422               231             2,312          58,262
           Investment income                                                                   6,474              1,148                 79             (648)          7,053
             Including: Share of profits/(losses) of associates and
                                                                                                    9                19                  –             (414)           (386)
                           joint ventures
           Other income                                                                            24                84                 90                53            251
           Losses arising from changes in fair value                                         (12,277)              (481)               (54)           1,100         (11,712)
           Exchange gains                                                                          22                 7                  –              130             159
           Other operating income                                                              1,425                247             3,047              (977)          3,742
           Gains/(losses) on disposal of assets                                                    25                 2                 (1)               (3)             23
           Operating income                                                                  133,207           185,917              3,392             1,429        323,945




                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
           Insurance service expenses                                                        (59,194)         (172,454)                  –              625       (231,023)
           Allocation of reinsurance premiums                                                 (1,814)          (14,520)                  –              496         (15,838)
           Less: Recoveries of insurance service expenses from reinsurers                      1,160            13,680                   –             (441)         14,399
           Insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued                         (41,922)            (2,622)                 –           (2,197)        (46,741)
           Less: Reinsurance finance income for reinsurance contracts held                       670                529                  –               (25)         1,174
           Others                                                                            (10,717)            (2,607)           (2,158)            1,626         (13,856)
           Operating expenses                                                              (111,817)          (177,994)            (2,158)                84      (291,885)
           Operating profit                                                                   21,390              7,923             1,234             1,513          32,060
           Add: Non-operating income                                                               13               102                  –                21            136
           Less: Non-operating expenses                                                           (62)              (80)                (2)              (51)          (195)
           Profit before tax                                                                  21,341              7,945             1,232             1,483          32,001
           Less: Income tax                                                                   (1,896)            (1,446)              (289)            (459)         (4,090)
           Net profit for the year                                                            19,445              6,499               943             1,024          27,911




                                                                                                                                                                                        Other information
           Supplementary information:
             Capital expenditure                                                                 865              1,348               167             2,427           4,807
             Depreciation and amortisation                                                     2,144              1,598               213               836           4,791
             Impairment losses on financial assets                                             1,247                772                 63               (69)         2,013
           As at 31 December 2023
             Long-term equity investments                                                    105,822                230                  –          (82,868)         23,184
             Financial assets*                                                            1,730,738            133,180              7,764          137,671       2,009,353
             Insurance contract assets                                                              –               335                  –                 –            335
             Reinsurance contract assets                                                      13,378            27,660                   –           (1,284)         39,754
             Term deposits                                                                   133,197            24,487                836             6,981        165,501
             Others                                                                           38,972            32,097              4,182            30,584        105,835
           Segment assets                                                                 2,022,107            217,989            12,782             91,084      2,343,962
             Insurance contract liabilities                                               1,748,571            125,266                   –           (1,217)     1,872,620




                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
             Bonds payable                                                                          –           10,285                   –                 –         10,285
             Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                  102,584              5,228               963             7,044        115,819
             Others                                                                           38,475            20,768              2,619            15,672          77,534
           Segment liabilities                                                            1,889,630            161,547              3,582            21,499      2,076,258


       *      Financial assets include financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial assets, financial assets at amortised cost, debt investments
              at fair value through other comprehensive income and equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report     101
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       VIII. NOTES TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

       1.         Cash at bank and on hand
                                                                                          31 December 2024
                                                       Currency
                                                                     Original currency           Exchange rate              RMB

                   Bank deposits                          RMB                     616                  1.00000               616

                                                           USD                    632                  7.18840              4,540

                                                          HKD                       2                  0.92604                  1

                                                       Sub-total                                                            5,157

                   Other cash balances                    RMB                       6                  1.00000                  6

                   Total                                                                                                    5,163




                                                                                          31 December 2023
                                                       Currency
                                                                     Original currency           Exchange rate              RMB

                   Bank deposits                          RMB                   2,042                  1.00000              2,042

                                                           USD                    598                  7.08270              4,235

                                                          HKD                       9                  0.90622                  8

                                                       Sub-total                                                            6,285

                   Other cash balances                    RMB                       1                  1.00000                  1

                   Total                                                                                                    6,286

                  As of 31 December 2024, the Company’s cash at bank and on hand deposited overseas amounted equivalent to RMB
                  52 million (31 December 2023: amounted equivalent to RMB 2 million).

       2.         Term deposits
                   Term to maturity                                                31 December 2024              31 December 2023

                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                  2,877                         1,558

                   1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                    507                          2,877

                   2 to 3 years (inclusive)                                                    548                           507

                   3 to 4 years (inclusive)                                                    519                              –

                   4 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                   2,550                          519

                   Less: Impairment provisions                                                   (4)                           (4)

                   Total                                                                      6,997                         5,457




102    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VIII. NOTES TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

3.   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                     31 December 2024                31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                   Operating results
     Listed                                                                     2,462                             1,365

     Unlisted                                                                  20,263                           15,890

     Total                                                                     22,725                           17,255

     Bonds                                                                      9,402                             6,154

       Government bonds                                                             –                                93

       Finance bonds                                                            9,400                             6,059

       Enterprise bonds                                                             2                                 2

     Stocks                                                                     1,686                               818

     Funds                                                                      3,381                             3,508

     Investment in asset management products                                    3,820                             3,702

     Unlisted equity shares investments                                         4,436                             3,073




                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
     Total                                                                     22,725                           17,255


4.   Financial assets at amortised cost
                                                                     31 December 2024                31 December 2023

     Listed                                                                         –                                 –

     Unlisted                                                                   8,341                           12,655

     Subtotal                                                                   8,341                           12,655

     Less: Impairment provisions                                                  (40)                              (11)

     Net value                                                                  8,301                           12,644

     Debt investment plans                                                      6,855                             8,017

     Investment trust                                                               –                             3,104

     Others                                                                     1,486                             1,534




                                                                                                                                   Other information
     Subtotal                                                                   8,341                           12,655

     Less: Impairment provisions                                                  (40)                              (11)

     Net value                                                                  8,301                           12,644


5.   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                     31 December 2024                31 December 2023

     Listed                                                                     3,940                             4,105

     Unlisted                                                                  17,789                           19,035

     Total                                                                     21,729                           23,140

     Bonds                                                                     21,729                           23,140

       Government bonds                                                        14,467                           12,620

       Finance bonds                                                            1,108                             1,731




                                                                                                                                   Financial report
       Enterprise bonds                                                         6,154                             8,789

     Total                                                                     21,729                           23,140

     Including:

       Amortised cost                                                          20,340                           22,552

       Accumulated changes in fair value                                        1,389                               588

     As at 31 December 2024, the impairment provision for the Company’s debt investment at fair value through other
     comprehensive income is RMB 73 million(31 December 2023: RMB 78 million).




                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   103
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       VIII. NOTES TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

       6.         Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                     31 December 2024                31 December 2023

                   Stocks                                                                       1,809                           1,062

                   Perpetual bonds                                                               104                             322

                   Others                                                                       2,726                           1,127

                   Total                                                                        4,639                           2,511

                   Including:

                      Cost                                                                      4,423                           2,612

                      Accumulated changes in fair value                                          216                             (101)

                  The equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, designated by the Company, are the non-
                  trading equity investments with the primary objective of being held for a long time or obtain dividends during the
                  holding period.
                  For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company disposed equity investments at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income of RMB 357 million (31 December 2023: RMB 109 million) because of the optimisation of asset
                  allocation and asset and liability management. Due to the sale of the above equity investments, RMB 14 million (31
                  December 2023: RMB 9 million) transferred from other comprehensive income to retained profits.
                  For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company has recognised dividend income of RMB 150 million (31
                  December 2023: 109 million) from the above equity investments. Relevant disclosures are included in Note VIII 13.

       7.         Long-term equity investments
                                                                                     31 December 2024                31 December 2023

                   Subsidiaries

                      CPIC Property                                                            20,424                          20,424

                      CPIC Life                                                                42,366                          42,366

                      CPIC Asset Management                                                     1,360                           1,360

                      CPIC H.K.                                                                  240                             240

                      CPIC Real Estate                                                           115                             115

                      CPIC Investment (H.K.)                                                      21                               21

                      CPIC Online Services                                                       200                             200

                      CPIC Health                                                               3,081                           3,081

                      CPIC Technology                                                            700                             700

                   Consolidated structured entities                                             1,561                           2,310

                   Associate

                      Shanghai Health & Elderly Care Co.,Ltd.                                       –                            295

                      HTCP CAPITAL LPF                                                           145                             138

                   Total                                                                       70,213                          71,250

                  The Company does not have any other items that substantially constitute net investment in subsidiaries.




104    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Financial Report
                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VIII. NOTES TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

8.    Investment properties
                                                                                                                  Buildings




                                                                                                                                        Operating results
      Cost:

        1 January 2023                                                                                                 4,986

        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                    (16)

        Transfer from intangible assets, net                                                                              34

        31 December 2023                                                                                               5,004

        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                 (1,112)

        Transfer to intangible assets, net                                                                               (30)

        31 December 2024                                                                                               3,862

      Accumulated depreciation:

        1 January 2023                                                                                                (1,712)

        Provision                                                                                                       (169)




                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                      7

        Transfer from intangible assets, net                                                                              (7)

        31 December 2023                                                                                              (1,881)

        Provision                                                                                                       (124)

        Transfer to fixed assets, net                                                                                    267

        Transfer to intangible assets, net                                                                                 7

        31 December 2024                                                                                              (1,731)

      Carrying amount:

        31 December 2024                                                                                               2,131

        31 December 2023                                                                                               3,123

      The fair values of investment properties of the Company as at 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB 5,401 million (31
      December 2023: RMB 6,582 million), which were estimated by the Company based on the independent appraisers’




                                                                                                                                        Other information
      valuations. The Company leases part of its investment properties to CPIC Property, CPIC Life, Changjiang Pension,
      CPIC Senior Living Investment, Pacific Medical & Healthcare and CPIC Technology, and charges rentals based on
      the areas occupied by the respective entities. These properties are categorised as fixed assets of the Group in the
      consolidated balance sheet.

9.    Other assets
                                                                         31 December 2024                 31 December 2023

      Receivables from subsidiaries                                                  300                                 273

      Improvements of right-of-use assets                                             48                                  52

      Dividends receivable                                                              –                                 22

      Others                                                                         213                                 123

      Total                                                                          561                                 470


10.   Securities sold under agreements to repurchase




                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                                                                         31 December 2024                 31 December 2023

      Securities – bonds

        Inter-bank market                                                            910                               2,026

      Total                                                                          910                               2,026

      As at 31 December 2024, the Company’s bond investments of approximately RMB 958 million (31 December 2023:
      RMB 2,110 million) were pledged for inter-bank securities sold under agreements to repurchase.




                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   105
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       VIII. NOTES TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

       11.        Other liabilities
                                                                                   31 December 2024    31 December 2023

                   Payables to subsidiaries                                                    174                 199

                   Payables for construction and purchasing office buildings                      6                   6

                   Others                                                                      600                 573

                   Total                                                                       780                 778


       12.        Capital reserves
                                                                                   31 December 2024    31 December 2023

                   Capital premium                                                           79,008              79,008

                   Asset evaluation appreciation                                               301                 301

                   Others                                                                         3                   3

                   Total                                                                     79,312              79,312


       13.        Investment income
                                                                                              2024                2023

                   Realised gains/(losses)

                      Financial instruments held for trading and other financial
                                                                                                 (4)                23
                        instruments at fair value through profit or loss

                      Debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                                                44                  40
                        comprehensive income

                   Gains during the holding period

                      Financial instruments held for trading and other financial
                                                                                               430                 215
                        instruments at fair value through profit or loss

                      Dividend income from derecognised equity investments at
                                                                                                10                    3
                        fair value through other comprehensive income

                      Dividend income from equity investments at fair value
                                                                                               140                 106
                        through other comprehensive income held

                      Dividend income from subsidiaries and structured entities
                                                                                              9,284              10,244
                        within the scope of consolidation

                   Share of gains/(losses) of associates and joint ventures                       5                 (26)

                   Total                                                                      9,909              10,605




106    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




VIII. NOTES TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

14.   Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                                                        Other comprehensive income in




                                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                                            Other comprehensive income/(loss) in income statement
                                                                balance sheet

                                                                                                           Less: Recognised in     Less: Recognised in
                                                                                               Amount
                                                                  Attributable                            other comprehensive other comprehensive             Less:    Attributable
                                                             1                         31      incurred
                                                                        to the                                 income/(loss) in        income/(loss) in     Income           to the
                                                       January                   December        before
                                                                  Company –                                previous period but      previous period but         tax    Company –
                                                          2024                       2024       income
                                                                    net of tax                          transferred to profit or transferred to retained   expenses      net of tax
                                                                                                    tax
                                                                                                            loss in current year profits in current year

      Other comprehensive income/(loss) that
                                                           (76)           237           161        297                        –                      14         (74)           237
        will not be reclassified to profit or loss

        Changes in the fair value of equity
          investments at fair value through                (76)           237           161        297                        –                      14         (74)           237
          other comprehensive income

      Other comprehensive income/(loss) that
                                                          499             600       1,099          849                      (50)                      –       (199)            600
        will be reclassified to profit or loss

        Share of other comprehensive income/




                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
          (loss) that will be reclassified to profit
                                                            –               2            2           2                        –                       –          –               2
          or loss of investees accounted for
          using the equity method

        Changes in the fair value of debt
          instruments at fair value through               440             601       1,041          851                      (50)                      –       (200)            601
          other comprehensive income

        Changes in provisions for credit risks
          of debt instruments at fair value                59              (3)          56           (4)                      –                       –          1              (3)
          through other comprehensive income

      Total                                               423             837       1,260        1,146                      (50)                     14       (273)            837




                                                        Other comprehensive income in
                                                                                                            Other comprehensive income/(loss) in income statement
                                                                balance sheet

                                                                                                           Less: Recognised in     Less: Recognised in
                                                                                               Amount
                                                                  Attributable                            other comprehensive other comprehensive             Less:    Attributable
                                                             1                         31      incurred
                                                                        to the                                 income/(loss) in        income/(loss) in     Income           to the
                                                       January                   December        before




                                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
                                                                  Company –                                previous period but      previous period but         tax    Company –
                                                          2023                       2023       income
                                                                    net of tax                          transferred to profit or transferred to retained   expenses      net of tax
                                                                                                    tax
                                                                                                            loss in current year profits in current year

      Other comprehensive income/(loss) that
                                                           (13)           (63)          (76)       (75)                       –                      (9)        21             (63)
        will not be reclassified to profit or loss

        Changes in the fair value of equity
          investments at fair value through                (13)           (63)          (76)       (75)                       –                      (9)        21             (63)
          other comprehensive income

      Other comprehensive income/(loss) that
                                                          402              97           499        173                      (43)                      –         (33)            97
        will be reclassified to profit or loss

        Changes in the fair value of debt
          instruments at fair value through               295             145           440        237                      (43)                      –         (49)           145
          other comprehensive income

        Changes in provisions for credit risks
          of debt instruments at fair value               107             (48)          59         (64)                       –                       –         16             (48)
          through other comprehensive income

      Total                                               389              34           423         98                      (43)                     (9)        (12)            34




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                               2024 Annual Report     107
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       VIII. NOTES TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

       15.        Supplementary information to the cash flow statements
                  (1) Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating activities:

                                                                                               2024       2023

                   Net profit                                                                 10,817    10,980

                   Add: Impairment losses on financial assets                                    25         (60)

                          Depreciation of fixed assets and investment properties                316        325

                          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    77         80

                          Amortisation of intangible assets                                      82         86

                          Amortisation of other long-term assets                                 26         33

                          Investment income                                                   (9,909)   (10,605)

                          (Gains)/losses arising from changes in fair value                    (818)       434

                          Interest income                                                     (1,665)    (2,027)

                          Interest expenses                                                      33         27

                          Exchange gains                                                         (28)     (130)

                          Deferred income tax                                                   261       (128)

                          (Increase)/decrease in operating receivables                         (145)        15

                          Decrease in operating payables                                       (155)        (17)

                   Net cash flows used in operating activities                                (1,083)     (987)

                  (2) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents:

                                                                                               2024       2023

                   Cash at the end of year                                                     5,163      6,286

                   Less: Cash at the beginning of year                                        (6,286)    (6,610)

                   Cash equivalents at the end of year                                             –          –

                   Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                 –          –

                   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                  (1,123)     (324)




108    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




IX.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

1.    Major related parties
      During the reporting period, the Company’s major related parties comprise:




                                                                                                                                                              Operating results
      (1) Subsidiaries of the Company;
      (2) Investors who exert significant influence on the Company;
      (3) Joint ventures and associates of the Company;
      (4) Key management personnel of the Company and close family members of such individuals;
      (5) Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group; and
      (6) Legal entities or other organisations other than the Company and its holding subsidiaries, in which the
          Company’s associated natural persons serve as directors and senior management personnel.
      Except for being controlled by the state together with the Company, an enterprise that has no other related party
      relations with the Company is not a related party to the Company.

2.    Related party relationships




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate governance
      (1) Related parties controlled by the Company
      Related parties controlled by the Company are mainly subsidiaries of the Company. Their basic information and
      relationships with the Company are set out in Note V.
      (2) The movements of registered capital and the percentages of the equity or shares held by the Company are as
          follows:

      Name of investee                                  Registered capital                          Shares or equity held by the Company

                                                         Movements for                                           Movements for       31 December
                                       1 January 2024                    31 December 2024      1 January 2024
                                                        the current year                                        the current year            2024

      CPIC Property                            19,948                  –              19,948          98.50%                  –            98.50%

      CPIC Life                                 8,628                  –               8,628          98.29%                  –            98.29%

      CPIC Asset Management                     2,100                  –               2,100          99.67%                  –            99.67%

      Changjiang Pension                        3,000                  –               3,000          61.10%                  –            61.10%




                                                                                                                                                              Other information
      CPIC H.K.                       HKD 250 million                  –     HKD 250 million        100.00%                   –          100.00%

      CPIC Real Estate                           115                   –                115         100.00%                   –          100.00%

      CPIC Investment (H.K.)          HKD 200 million                  –     HKD 200 million          99.71%                  –            99.71%

      City Island                         USD 50,000                   –         USD 50,000           98.29%                  –            98.29%

      Great Winwick Limited               USD 50,000                   –         USD 50,000           98.29%                  –            98.29%

      Great Winwick (Hong Kong)
                                          HKD 10,000                   –         HKD 10,000           98.29%                  –            98.29%
         Limited

      Newscott Investments Limited        USD 50,000                   –         USD 50,000           98.29%                  –            98.29%

      Newscott (Hong Kong)
                                          HKD 10,000                   –         HKD 10,000           98.29%                  –            98.29%
        Investments Limited

                                          USD 15,600                             USD 15,600
      Xin Hui Property                                                 –                              98.29%                  –            98.29%
                                            thousand                               thousand

                                          USD 46,330                             USD 46,330
      He Hui Property                                                  –                              98.29%                  –            98.29%
                                            thousand                               thousand




                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
      CPIC Online Services                       200                   –                200         100.00%                   –          100.00%

      Tianjin Trophy                             354                   –                354           98.29%                  –            98.29%

      CPIC Senior Living Investment             5,000                  –               5,000          98.29%                  –            98.29%

      CPIC Health                               3,600                  –               3,600          99.74%                  –            99.74%

      PAAIC                                     1,080                  –               1,080          66.76%                  –            66.76%




                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   109
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       IX.        RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       2.         Related party relationships (continued)
                  (2) The movements of registered capital and the percentages of the equity or shares held by the Company are as
                      follows: (continued)

                   Name of investee                                  Registered capital                       Shares or equity held by the Company

                                                                      Movements for                                        Movements for     31 December
                                                    1 January 2024                    31 December 2024   1 January 2024
                                                                     the current year                                     the current year          2024

                   Pacific Medical & Healthcare             1,000                   –           1,000           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   CPIC Funds                                 150                   –             150           50.83%                  –        50.83%

                   Pacific Insurance Agency                    50                   –              50         100.00%                   –       100.00%

                   Chengdu Project Company                  1,000                   –           1,000           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Hangzhou Project Company                 1,200                   –           1,200           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Xiamen Project Company                     900                   –             900           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Chengdu                60                   –              60           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Nanjing Project Company                    702                   –             702           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Dali                  608                   –             608           74.70%                  –        74.70%

                   Shanghai (Putuo) Project
                                                              250                   –             250           98.29%                  –        98.29%
                      Company

                   Pacific Care Home at Hangzhou               60                   –              60           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Wuhan Project Company                      980                   –             980           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   CPIC Capital                               100                   –             100           99.67%                  –        99.67%

                   Pacific Care Home at Shanghai
                                                            1,253                   –           1,253           98.29%                  –        98.29%
                      (Chongming)

                   Pacific Care Home at Shanghai
                                                               30                   –              30           98.29%                  –        98.29%
                      (Putuo)

                   Borui Heming                                52                   –              52           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                                                       HKD 1,000                           HKD 1,000
                   CPIC Life (H.K.)                                                 –                           98.29%                  –        98.29%
                                                         million                             million

                   Qingdao Project Company                    227                   –             227           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Xiamen                 40                   –              40           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Zhengzhou Project Company                  650                   –             650           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Beijing Project Company                    800                   –             800           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   CPIC Technology                            700                   –             700         100.00%                   –       100.00%

                   Xinbaoyu                                 3,650                   –           3,650           98.46%                  –        98.46%

                   CPIC Technology Wuhan                      100                   –             100         100.00%                   –       100.00%

                   Sanya Project Company                      490                   –             490           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Nanjing                30                   –              30           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Shanghai
                                                              426                   –             426           98.29%                  –        98.29%
                      (Jing’an)

                   Pacific Care Home at Wuhan                  30                   –              30           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Xiamen Rehabilitation Hospital             160                   –             160           98.29%                  –        98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Suzhou                  –                 30               30                –            98.29%         98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Beijing                 –                 30               30                –            98.29%         98.29%

                   Pacific Care Home at Zhengzhou               –                 45               45                –            98.29%         98.29%

                   Guangzhou Project Company                    –                830              830                –            98.29%         98.29%

                   Suzhou Project Company                       –                300              300                –            98.29%         98.29%

                    Jinan Rehabilitation Hospital                –               260              260                 –           98.29%         98.29%




110    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                             Financial Report
                                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




IX.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

2.    Related party relationships (continued)
      (3) Other major related parties




                                                                                                                                                         Operating results
      Name of entity                                            Relationship with the Company

      Hwabao Investments Co., Ltd.                              Shareholder with over 5% voting rights of the Company

      Shenergy (Group) Company Limited                          Shareholder with over 5% voting rights of the Company

      Shanghai State-Owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd.           Shareholder with over 5% voting rights of the Company

      China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited               Parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of the Company

      Shanghai International Group Co., Ltd.                    Parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of the Company

                                                                Subsidiary of parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of
      Baoshan Iron & Steel Co., Ltd.
                                                                the Company

                                                                Subsidiary of parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of
      Baowu Carbon Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                the Company

                                                                Subsidiary of parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of
      Shanghai Baoxin Software Co., Ltd.
                                                                the Company




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate governance
                                                                Subsidiary of parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of
      Taiyuan Iron & Steel (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                the Company

                                                                Subsidiary of parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of
      Shanghai International Group Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                the Company

                                                                Subsidiary of parent company of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of
      Hwabao WP Fund Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                the Company

      Shanghai Gas Co., Ltd.                                    Subsidiary of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of the Company

      Shenergy Company Limited                                  Subsidiary of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of the Company

      Shanghai LNG Company Ltd.                                 Subsidiary of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of the Company

      Hainan Shenergy New Energy Company Limited                Subsidiary of shareholders holding over 5% voting rights of the Company

      Binjiang-Xiangrui                                         Joint venture of the Company

      Ruiyongjing Real Estate                                   Joint venture of the Company

      Pacific Euler Hermes Insurance Sales Co., Ltd.
                                                                Joint venture of the Company
         (“Euler Hermes”)




                                                                                                                                                         Other information
      Shanghai Juche Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                Associate of the Company
         (“Juche”)

      Zhongdao Automobile Rescue Industry Co., Ltd.
                                                                Associate of the Company
        (“Zhongdao”)

      Shanghai Shantai Healthcare and Technology
                                                                Associate of the Company
         Company Limited (“Shantai Healthcare”)

      Shanghai Guangci Memorial Hospital Co., Ltd.
                                                                Associate of the Company
         (“Guangci Hospital”)

      The Company’s enterprise annuity plan                     Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Property’s enterprise annuity plan                   Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Life’s enterprise annuity plan                       Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Asset Management’s enterprise annuity plan           Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Online Services’ enterprise annuity plan             Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Health’s enterprise annuity plan                     Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
      CPIC Senior Living Investment’s enterprise annuity plan   Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      PAAIC’s enterprise annuity plan                           Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Real Estate’s enterprise annuity plan                Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      Pacific Medical & Healthcare’s enterprise annuity plan    Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Fund’s enterprise annuity plan                       Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      Pacific Insurance Agency enterprise annuity plan          Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

      CPIC Technology enterprise annuity plan                   Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group




                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report   111
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       IX.        RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       2.         Related party relationships (continued)
                  (3) Other major related parties (continued)

                   Name of entity                                                       Relationship with the Company

                   CPIC Capital enterprise annuity plan                                 Enterprise annuity fund established by the Group

                                                                                        Company of which the Group’s related natural persons serve as directors or
                   Orient Securities Company Limited (“Orient Securities”)
                                                                                        senior management personnel

                                                                                        Company of which the Group’s related natural persons serve as directors or
                   Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd
                                                                                        senior management personnel

                                                                                        Company of which the Group’s related natural persons serve as directors or
                   Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        senior management personnel


       3.         Major transactions with related parties
       3.1        Major transactions between the Group and related parties
                  Note: The transaction amount for the period was calculated since the entity was identified as a related party of the Group.

                  (1) Sale of insurance contracts

                                                                                                                                 2024                            2023

                   Orient Securities                                                                                                21                                 4

                   Baoshan Iron & Steel Co., Ltd.                                                                                   18                                18

                   Hainan Shenergy New Energy Company Limited                                                                       11                                 –

                   Shenergy Company Limited                                                                                         10                                 9

                   Shanghai LNG Company Ltd.                                                                                         4                                 4

                   Shanghai Gas Co., Ltd.                                                                                            4                                 3

                   Shanghai International Group Co., Ltd.                                                                            2                                 2

                   Taiyuan Iron & Steel (Group) Co., Ltd.                                                                            2                                 2

                   Shanghai Baoxin Software Co., Ltd.                                                                                2                                 2

                   China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited                                                                       1                                 1

                   Shanghai International Group Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                                           1                                 1

                   Shanghai State-Owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                   1                                 1

                   Baowu Carbon Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                 1                                 1

                   Total                                                                                                            78                                48

                  Sale of insurance contracts to shareholders who individually own more than 5% of voting rights of the Company
                  and the shareholders’ parent company was RMB 4 million for the year ended 2024 (For the year ended 2023: RMB 4
                  million).
                  The Group’s above related party transactions were entered into based on normal commercial terms during the
                  normal course of insurance business. The proportion of the scale premium of related parties to the total scale
                  premium of the Group’s was less than 1% for both year ended 2024 and 2023.
                  (2) Fund subscription and redemption transactions

                                                                                                                                 2024                            2023

                   Hwabao WP Fund Management Co., Ltd.                                                                            490                                151

                  (3) Transaction of asset management products

                                                                                                                                 2024                            2023

                   Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd.                                                                                         230                                 58




112    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Financial Report
                                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




IX.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

3.    Major transactions with related parties (continued)
3.1   Major transactions between the Group and related parties (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                    Operating results
      (4) Transaction of selling and buying bonds

                                                                                                               2024                                 2023

       Shanghai International Group Co., Ltd.                                                                   120                                    –

       Orient Securities                                                                                         61                                  410

       Hwabao Investments Co., Ltd.                                                                              40                                    –

       Total                                                                                                    221                                  410

      (5) Distribution of cash dividends

                                                                                                               2024                                 2023

       Shenergy (Group) Company Limited                                                                       1,427                                1,431

       Hwabao Investments Co., Ltd.                                                                           1,310                                1,310




                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate governance
       Shanghai State-Owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd.                                                          665                                  665

       Total                                                                                                  3,402                                3,406

      Distribution of cash dividends to shareholders who individually own more than 5% of voting rights of the Company
      was RMB 3,402 million in 2024 (2023: RMB 3,406 million).
      (6) Premiums ceded to reinsurers (transaction amount)

                                                                                                               2024                                 2023

       Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd                                                                          3,489                                3,163

      (7) Expense recoveries from reinsurers (recovered amount)

                                                                                                               2024                                 2023

       Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd                                                                            827                                1,074




                                                                                                                                                                    Other information
      (8) Claim recoveries from reinsurers (recovered amount)

                                                                                                               2024                                 2023

       Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd                                                                          2,211                                2,075

      (9) Remuneration of key management

                                                                                                               2024                                 2023

       Salary and other benefits                                                                                 23                                   38


      Note: Regarding the disclosed remuneration of key management in the table above, the final remuneration for certain relevant personnel of the Company
             during their tenure in 2024 is still under confirmation.

      For the remuneration of key management disclosed above, in accordance with the requirements of relevant
      policies, and after assessment and confirmation by the competent authorities, the supplemental disclosure of the
      remuneration of the relevant personnel during the relevant tenure in the Company in 2023, excluding the amount
      disclosed above, is as follows: the remuneration of the relevant personnel was RMB 0.796 million (before tax)




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
      (including director’s and supervisors’ remuneration disclosed in Note XVII 1).
      (10) The related transactions between the Group and the established enterprise annuity fund during the years are as
           follows:

                                                                                                               2024                                 2023

       Contribution to the enterprise annuity plan                                                              749                                  700




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   113
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       IX.        RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       3.         Major transactions with related parties (continued)
       3.1        Major transactions between the Group and related parties (continued)
                  (11) The major related transactions between the Group and joint ventures during the years are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                       2023

                   Binjiang-Xiangrui

                      Fees for leasing office buildings of Binjiang-Xiangrui                         80                         86

                   Ruiyongjing Real Estate

                      Fees for leasing office buildings of Ruiyongjing Real Estate                  122                         52

                      Grant loans                                                                   332                        601

                      Loan interests                                                                292                        252

                  (12) The major related transactions between the Group and associates during the years are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                       2023

                   Purchase service

                      Zhongdao                                                                      214                        161

                      Shantai Healthcare                                                            203                        106

                      Juche                                                                         143                        133

                      Euler Hermes                                                                   22                         23

                      Guangci Hospital                                                                7                          –

                   Total                                                                            589                        423


       3.2        Major transactions between the Company and related parties
                  (1) The major related transactions between the Company and subsidiaries during the years are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                       2023

                   Purchase of insurance contracts

                      CPIC Health                                                                     6                          –

                      CPIC Property                                                                   5                          7

                   Total                                                                             11                          7

                   Rental income from office building

                      CPIC Property                                                                  95                         96

                      CPIC Technology                                                                31                         36

                      CPIC Life                                                                      11                         16

                      Changjiang Pension                                                              9                          9

                      CPIC Senior Living Investment                                                   4                          4

                      Pacific Medical & Healthcare                                                    3                          –

                      CPIC Health                                                                     2                          1

                      CPIC Asset Management                                                           2                          –

                   Total                                                                            157                        162




114    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Financial Report
                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




IX.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

3.    Major transactions with related parties (continued)
3.2   Major transactions between the Company and related parties (continued)




                                                                                                                                 Operating results
      (1) The major related transactions between the Company and subsidiaries during the years are as follows:
          (continued)

                                                                               2024                             2023

      Income from shared centre services

        CPIC Property                                                            49                                70

        CPIC Life                                                                43                                62

        CPIC Asset Management                                                     5                                 5

        CPIC Health                                                               4                                 5

        CPIC Technology                                                           2                                 5

        CPIC Senior Living Investment                                             1                                 1

        CPIC Online Services                                                      1                                 1




                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
        CPIC Capital                                                              1                                 1

        Pacific Medical & Healthcare                                              1                                 1

      Total                                                                     107                               151

      Rental income from equipment leasing

        CPIC Technology                                                          96                                45

      Asset management fee

        CPIC Asset Management                                                    27                                19

      Technology service fee

        CPIC Technology                                                         289                               260

      Commission fee

        CPIC Real Estate                                                         10                                12

      Medical examination fee




                                                                                                                                 Other information
        CPIC Health                                                               3                                 2

      Rental fee

        CPIC Property                                                             3                                 5

        CPIC Life                                                                 2                                 2

        Xinbaoyu                                                                  2                                 2

      Total                                                                       7                                 9

      Publicity expenses

        CPIC Technology                                                           1                                 1

      Consulting service fee

        CPIC Capital                                                              5                                 –

        CPIC Asset Management                                                     1                                 2

      Total                                                                       6                                 2




                                                                                                                                 Financial report
      Text Messaging Service fee

        CPIC Technology                                                           2                                 –

      Dividend income from subsidiaries

        CPIC Life                                                              6,869                            5,852

        CPIC Property                                                          1,965                            4,027

        CPIC Asset Management                                                   369                               320

        CPIC Real Estate                                                         49                                 –

        CPIC Technology                                                          11                                 –

      Total                                                                    9,263                          10,199


                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   115
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       IX.        RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       3.         Major transactions with related parties (continued)
       3.2        Major transactions between the Company and related parties (continued)
                  (1) The major related transactions between the Company and subsidiaries during the years are as follows:
                      (continued)
                  The rent of the office building charged by the Company from CPIC Property, CPIC Technology, CPIC Life, Changjiang
                  Pension, CPIC Senior Living Investment, Pacific Medical & Healthcare, CPIC Health and CPIC Asset Management is
                  determined at the price negotiated by both parties. The shared service centre fee charged by the Company from
                  CPIC Property, CPIC Life, CPIC Asset Management, CPIC Health, CPIC Technology, CPIC Senior Living Investment,
                  CPIC Online Services, CPIC Capital and Pacific Medical & Healthcare, is based on the cost of the service provider and
                  distributed in the proportion mutually agreed by both parties. The equipment rental fee charged by the Company
                  from CPIC Technology is determined at the price negotiated by both parties. The asset management fee charged
                  by CPIC Asset Management to the Company is determined by considering the type of entrusted assets, the size of
                  the entrusted assets and the actual operating costs. The technology service fee charged by CPIC Technology to the
                  Company is determined at the price negotiated by both parties. The commission fee charged by CPIC Real Estate to
                  the Company is determined at the price negotiated by both parties. The medical examination fee incurred between
                  the Company and CPIC Health is determined at the price negotiated by both parties. The rental fees of the office
                  building incurred among the Company, CPIC Property, CPIC Life and Xinbaoyu is determined at the price negotiated
                  by both parties. The publicity expenses charged by CPIC Technology to the Company are determined at the price
                  negotiated by both parties. The consulting service fee charged by CPIC Asset Management and CPIC Capital to the
                  Company is determined at the price negotiated by both parties. The text messaging service fee charged by CPIC
                  Technology to the Company is determined at the price negotiated by both parties.
                  (2) The major related transactions between the Company and other related parties of the Group during the years are
                      as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                         2023

                   Fees for leasing office buildings

                      Binjiang-Xiangrui                                                               55                           43


       4.         Receivables from and payables to related parties
                  (1) Receivables and payables between the Company and its subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                         31 December 2024             31 December 2023

                   Other receivables

                      CPIC Property                                                                  149                          136

                      CPIC Life                                                                      101                           90

                      CPIC Technology                                                                 42                           40

                      CPIC Health                                                                       3                            3

                      CPIC Asset Management                                                             3                            2

                      Changjiang Pension                                                                2                            –

                      CPIC Senior Living Investment                                                     1                            1

                      CPIC Online Services                                                              1                            1

                   Total                                                                             302                          273

                   Other payables

                      CPIC Technology                                                                135                          172

                      CPIC Asset Management                                                           29                           22

                      CPIC Real Estate                                                                  5                            6

                      CPIC Capital                                                                      5                            –

                      Xinbaoyu                                                                          4                            –

                   Total                                                                             178                          200




116    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




IX.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

4.    Receivables from and payables to related parties (continued)
      (2) Receivables and payables between the Group and its joint ventures are as follows:




                                                                                                                                          Operating results
                                                                             31 December 2024               31 December 2023

      Other receivables

        Ruiyongjing Real Estate                                                          124                               124

        Binjiang-Xiangrui                                                               1,772                            1,772

      Total                                                                             1,896                            1,896

      Other payables

        Ruiyongjing Real Estate                                                             –                                9

        Binjiang-Xiangrui                                                                318                               266

      Total                                                                              318                               275

      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income

        Ruiyongjing Real Estate                                                         6,120                            5,312




                                                                                                                                          Corporate governance
      The receivable due from Binjiang-Xiangrui is interest free with no determined maturity date.
      (3) Receivables and payables between the Group and other related parties arising from reinsurance are as follows:

                                                                             31 December 2024               31 December 2023

      Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd reinsurance receivables                             1,366                            1,186

      Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd reinsurance payables                                 863                               361


X.    CONTINGENCIES
      In light of the nature of the insurance business, the Group makes estimates for contingencies and legal proceedings
      in the ordinary course of business, both in the capacity as plaintiff or defendant in litigation and as claimant or
      respondent in arbitration proceedings. Legal proceedings mostly involve claims on the Group’s insurance policies.
      Provisions have been made for the probable losses to the Group, including those claims where directors can
      reasonably estimate the outcome of the litigations taking into account legal advice, if any. No provision is made for




                                                                                                                                          Other information
      contingencies and legal proceedings when the outcome cannot be reasonably estimated or the probability of loss is
      extremely low.
      In addition to the legal proceedings of the above natures, as at 31 December 2024, the Group was the defendant in
      certain pending litigations. Provisions were made for the possible losses based on estimates by the Group and the
      Group would only be contingently liable for any claim that is in excess of the provision made. No provision was made
      for contingencies and legal proceedings when the outcome cannot be reasonably estimated by the management or
      the probability of loss is extremely low.

XI.   COMMITMENTS

1.    Major projects with capital commitments
                                                                             31 December 2024               31 December 2023

      Capital commitments

      Contracted, but not provided for               (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)                18,858                          14,289




                                                                                                                                          Financial report
      Authorised, but not contracted for                    (2)                         2,101                            8,337

                                                                                       20,959                          22,626




                                                                                                               2024 Annual Report   117
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XI.        COMMITMENTS (continued)

       1.         Major projects with capital commitments (continued)
                  As at 31 December 2024, major projects with capital commitments are as follows:
                  (1) CPIC Life and the third party joined together to bid for the use right of the land located at Huangpu District,
                      Shanghai. All parties set up a project company named Ruiyongjing Real Estate as the owner of the land use right
                      to this parcel of land and construction development subject. The estimated total investment of Ruiyongjing
                      Real Estate is approximately RMB 21,400 million, CPIC Life agreed to provide additional loan of no more than
                      RMB 250 million for Ruiyongjing Real Estate. The registered capital of Ruiyongjing Real Estate is RMB 14,050
                      million, of which CPIC Life shall make a contribution of RMB 9,835 million, representing 70% of the registered
                      capital. In addition, CPIC Life will provide shareholder’s loans to Ruiyongjing Real Estate, which are estimated to
                      be approximately RMB 7,600 million. The total amount of the above two contributions to be made by CPIC Life
                      is estimated to be RMB 17,435 million. As at 31 December 2024, the cumulative amount incurred by CPIC Life
                      amounted to approximately RMB 15,116 million. Of the balance, approximately RMB 2,319 million was disclosed
                      as a capital commitment contracted but not provided for. There is no capital commitment authorised but not
                      contracted.
                  (2) CPIC Life and CPIC Senior Living Investment obtained the use rights of fifteen parcels of land located at Wenjiang
                      District in Chengdu, Sichuan, etc., and set up fifteen project companies named Chengdu Project Company, etc.,
                      accordingly as the owners of the land use rights to parcels of land and construction development subjects for
                      the construction project “CPIC Home”. As at 31 December 2024, the cumulative amount incurred amounted to
                      approximately RMB 1,520 million to projects still in progress. Of the balance, approximately RMB 2,499 million
                      was disclosed as a capital commitment contracted but not provided for and approximately RMB 1,991 million
                      was disclosed as a capital commitment authorised but not contracted for.
                  (3) CPIC Life and a third party jointly established Taijiashan. The total investment of this project is approximately
                      RMB 5,050 million. Among which CPIC Life subscribed capital contribution of RMB 5,000 million, accounted for
                      99.01% of the capital. As at 31 December 2024, CPIC Life has cumulatively made a capital contribution of RMB
                      2,800 million. Of the balance, RMB 2,200 million was disclosed as a capital commitment contracted but not
                      provided for.
                  (4) As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life and CPIC Capital together subscribed 99.98% of the shares of China Pacific
                      Changhang. As of 31 December 2024, China Pacific Changhang has invested in two unlisted equities and
                      twenty-five equity investment funds (not including consolidated structured entities included in the scope of
                      the Group) with a total subscribed contribution of RMB 7,989 million, paid-in contribution of RMB 4,948 million,
                      and uncontributed capital of RMB 3,041 million, which are listed as a capital commitment contracted but not
                      provided for.
                  (5) As of 31 December 2024, the Company, CPIC Life and CPIC Capital together subscribed 90.90% of the shares of
                      CPIC Health Fund. As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Health Fund has invested in twenty-three equity investment
                      funds (not including consolidated structured entities included in the scope of the Group), with a total subscribed
                      contribution of RMB 5,456 million, paid-in contribution of approximately RMB 4,130 million, and uncontributed
                      capital of approximately RMB 1,326 million, which are listed as a capital commitment contracted but not
                      provided for.
                  (6) As of 31 December 2024, CPIC Life and CPIC Capital together subscribed 99.99% of the shares of Nanjing Taibao
                      Xinhui Zhiyuan Equity Investment Fund Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Xinhui Zhiyuan”). As
                      of 31 December 2024, Xinhui Zhiyuan has invested in seven equity investment funds with a total subscribed
                      contribution of RMB 5,645 million, paid-in contribution of approximately RMB 2,411 million, and uncontributed
                      capital of approximately RMB 3,234 million, which are listed as a capital commitment contracted but not
                      provided for.

       2.         Operating lease rental receivables
                  The Group leases its investment properties under various rental agreements. Future minimum lease receivables
                  under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                          31 December 2024              31 December 2023

                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                          583                           379

                   1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                           318                           290

                   2 to 3 years (inclusive)                                                           187                           146

                   3 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                           105                            85

                   More than 5 years                                                                   51                            72

                                                                                                     1,244                          972


118    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT

1.     Insurance risk
       (1) Category of insurance risk and concentration of insurance risk




                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
           The risk under an insurance contract arises from the possibility of occurrence of an insured event and the
           uncertainty of the amount as well as time of any resulting claim. The major risk the Group faces under such
           contracts is that the actual claims payments and the costs of claims settlement exceed the carrying amount
           of insurance contract reserves, which are affected by factors such as claim frequency, severity of claim, actual
           benefits paid and subsequent development of long-term claims. Therefore, the objective of the Group is to
           ensure that sufficient reserves are available to cover these liabilities.
           Insurance risk could occur due to any of the following factors:
           Occurrence risk – the possibility that the number of insured events will differ from that expected;
           Severity risk – the possibility that the cost of the events will differ from that expected;
           Development risk – the possibility that changes may occur in the amount of an insurer’s obligation at the end of
           the contract period.




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
           The above risk exposure is mitigated by the diversification across a large portfolio of insurance contracts.
           The variability of risks is also reduced by careful selection and implementation of underwriting strategy and
           guidelines, as well as the use of reinsurance arrangements.
           The businesses of the Group mainly comprise long-term life insurance contracts (mainly including life insurance
           and long-term health insurance), short-term life insurance contracts (mainly including short-term health
           insurance and accident insurance) and property and casualty insurance contracts. For contracts where death
           is the insured risk, the significant factors that could increase the overall frequency of claims are epidemics,
           widespread changes in lifestyle and natural disasters, resulting in earlier or more claims than expected. For
           contracts where survival is the insured risk, the most significant factor is continued improvement in medical
           science and social conditions that would increase longevity. For property and casualty insurance contracts,
           claims are often affected by natural disasters, calamities, terrorist attacks, etc.
           Currently, the Group’s insurance risk does not vary significantly in relation to the locations of the risks insured by
           the Group whilst undue concentration by amounts could have an impact on the severity of benefit payments on
           a portfolio basis.
           There would be no significant mitigating terms and conditions that reduce the insured risk accepted for contracts




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
           with fixed and guaranteed benefits and fixed future premiums. Meanwhile, insurance risk is also affected by the
           policyholders’ rights to terminate the contract, to pay reduced premiums, to refuse to pay premiums or to avail
           the guaranteed annuity option. Thus, the resultant insurance risk is subject to the policyholders’ behaviour and
           decisions.
           In order to manage insurance risks more effectively, the Group manages insurance risks through reinsurance to
           reduce the effect of potential losses to the Group. Three major types of reinsurance agreements, ceding on a
           quota share basis or a surplus basis or excess reinsurance, are usually used to cover insurance liability risk, with
           retention limits varying by product line and territory. The reinsurance contract basically covers all insurance
           contracts with risk liability. Although the Group has reinsurance arrangements, it is not relieved of its direct
           obligations to its policyholders. The Group’s placement of reinsurance is diversified such that neither it is
           dependent on a single reinsurer nor are the operations of the Group substantially dependent upon any single
           reinsurance contract.
       (2) Assumptions and sensitivities
           Long-term life insurance contracts




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
          Assumptions
           Material judgement is required in choosing discount rate assumption, insurance incident occurrence rate
           assumption (mainly including mortality and morbidity), surrender rate assumption, expense assumption and
           policy dividend assumption relating to long-term life insurance contracts. These measurement assumptions are
           based on current information available at the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   119
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       1.         Insurance risk (continued)
                  (2) Assumptions and sensitivities (continued)
                        Long-term life insurance contracts (continued)
                        Sensitivities
                        As the relationship between the various assumptions cannot be reliably measured, the Group uses sensitivity
                        analysis to assess the pre-tax impact on profit and shareholders’ equity resulting from reasonable and possible
                        movements in a single assumption, while holding other key assumptions constant, for the insurance contract
                        liabilities of the Group’s long-term life insurance contracts as follows:

                                                                                    31 December 2024

                                                                                   Impact on profit before tax   Impact on equity before tax
                                                          Changes in assumptions
                                                                                       (Gross of reinsurance)         (Gross of reinsurance)

                                                                          +10%                          (125)                         (831)
                         Mortality rate
                                                                           -10%                         (248)                          552

                                                                          +10%                         (1,968)                       (4,471)
                         Morbidity rate
                                                                           -10%                        1,598                          4,212

                                                                          +10%                          (921)                        (1,509)
                         Expenses
                                                                           -10%                          914                          1,502

                         Policy dividend                                   +5%                          (993)                         (993)

                                                                          +10%                         1,652                          2,795
                         Surrender rate
                                                                           -10%                        (1,673)                       (2,528)




                                                                                    31 December 2023

                                                                                   Impact on profit before tax   Impact on equity before tax
                                                          Changes in assumptions
                                                                                       (Gross of reinsurance)         (Gross of reinsurance)

                                                                          +10%                          (132)                         (627)
                         Mortality rate
                                                                           -10%                         (235)                          314

                                                                          +10%                         (1,907)                       (3,290)
                         Morbidity rate
                                                                           -10%                        1,524                          2,958

                                                                          +10%                          (911)                        (1,202)
                         Expenses
                                                                           -10%                          909                          1,200

                         Policy dividend                                   +5%                         (1,037)                       (1,037)

                                                                          +10%                         1,591                          1,666
                         Surrender rate
                                                                           -10%                        (1,609)                       (1,518)

                        Reinsurance contracts do not have significant influence on the Group’s long-term life insurance contracts,
                        therefore the pre-tax impact on profit and shareholder’s equity of net of reinsurance is similar to the above
                        sensitivity analysis.




120    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Financial Report
                                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

1.     Insurance risk (continued)
       (2) Assumptions and sensitivities (continued)




                                                                                                                                                        Operating results
          Property and casualty and short-term life insurance contracts
          Assumptions
          The calculation for liability for incurred claims is based on the Group’s past claim development experience,
          including assumptions in respect of average claim costs, claim expenses, inflation factors and number of claims
          for each accident period. Additional qualitative judgement is used to assess the extent to which past trends
          may not apply in the future (for example, changes in external factors such as one-off events, public attitudes
          to claims, market factors such as economic conditions, judicial decisions and government legislation, as well as
          changes in internal factors such as portfolio mix, policy conditions and claims handling procedures).
          Other key assumptions include risk adjustment for non-financial risk, delays in settlement, etc.
          Sensitivities
          Changes in above key assumptions will affect the liability for incurred claims for property and casualty and short-




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
          term life insurance. The sensitivity of certain variables including legislative change, uncertainty in the estimation
          process, etc., is not possible to quantify.
          The Group uses sensitivity analysis to assess the pre-tax impact of changes in liabilities for incurred claims of
          the Group’s property and casualty and short-term life insurance on profit and shareholder’s equity, assuming
          reasonable and possible variations in the claim ratio assumption while keeping other assumptions constant, as
          follows:

                                                                               31 December 2024

                                Changes in assumption                  Impact on profit before tax               Impact on equity before tax

                                                        Gross of reinsurance    Net of reinsurance Gross of reinsurance   Net of reinsurance

                                                +5%                  (4,119)               (2,718)              (4,119)               (2,718)
           Loss ratio
                                                 -5%                  4,119                 2,718                4,119                 2,718




                                                                               31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                        Other information
                                Changes in assumption                  Impact on profit before tax               Impact on equity before tax

                                                        Gross of reinsurance    Net of reinsurance Gross of reinsurance   Net of reinsurance

                                                +5%                  (3,743)               (2,684)              (3,743)               (2,684)
           Loss ratio
                                                 -5%                  3,743                 2,684                3,743                 2,684




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   121
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       1.         Insurance risk (continued)
                  (2) Assumptions and sensitivities (continued)
                        Property and casualty and short-term life insurance contracts (continued)
                        Sensitivities (continued)
                        The table below presents the claim reserves of gross of reinsurance for the property and casualty insurance of
                        the Group:

                                                                                                 Property and casualty insurance (Accident year)

                                                                                        2020        2021         2022         2023         2024      Total

                         Gross of reinsurance

                         Undiscounted estimate of ultimate claim cost as of:

                         Accident year                                                81,244     101,908      109,894      128,386      145,848

                         One year later                                               80,052      98,801      104,854      126,694

                         Two years later                                              79,948      98,681      101,343

                         Three years later                                            79,394      97,587

                         Four years later                                             79,098

                         Cumulative claims payments                                   (78,283)    (95,185)     (94,118)   (114,291)      (98,035)

                         Sub-total                                                       815        2,402        7,225      12,403       47,813     70,658

                         Adjustment for previous years, unallocated loss adjustment
                           expenses, risk adjustment for non-financial risk,                                                                         7,047
                           discounting and other impacts

                         Liability for incurred claims                                                                                              77,705

                        The table below presents the claim reserves of net of reinsurance for the property and casualty insurance of the
                        Group:

                                                                                                 Property and casualty insurance (Accident year)

                                                                                        2020        2021         2022         2023         2024      Total

                         Net of reinsurance

                         Undiscounted estimate of ultimate claim cost as of:

                         Accident year                                                71,681      89,762       96,915      111,921      125,153

                         One year later                                               70,520      87,173       93,658      111,798

                         Two years later                                              70,334      87,049       90,463

                         Three years later                                            69,764      86,009

                         Four years later                                             69,313

                         Cumulative claims payments                                   (68,796)    (84,163)     (84,345)   (102,091)      (86,986)

                         Sub-total                                                       517        1,846        6,118        9,707      38,167     56,355

                         Adjustment for previous years, unallocated loss adjustment
                           expenses, risk adjustment for non-financial risk,                                                                        (3,031)
                           discounting and other impacts

                         Liability for incurred claims, net                                                                                         53,324

                         Total asset for incurred claims                                                                                            24,381

                         Liability for incurred claims                                                                                              77,705




122    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                               Financial Report
                                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

1.     Insurance risk (continued)
       (2) Assumptions and sensitivities (continued)




                                                                                                                                                          Operating results
          Property and casualty and short-term life insurance contracts (continued)
          Sensitivities (continued)
          The table below presents the claim reserves of gross of reinsurance for short-term life insurance contracts of the
          Group:

                                                                                   Short-term life insurance (Accident year)

                                                                         2020      2021         2022         2023          2024          Total

           Gross of reinsurance

           Undiscounted estimate of ultimate claim cost as of:

           Accident year                                                4,696     4,913        4,075         4,548        4,532

           One year later                                               4,266     4,547        3,801         4,383




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate governance
           Two years later                                              4,180     4,408        3,782

           Three years later                                            4,138     4,385

           Four years later                                             4,136

           Cumulative claims payments                                   (4,136)   (4,378)      (3,704)      (4,057)      (3,188)

           Sub-total                                                         –         7           78          326        1,344          1,755

           Adjustment for previous years, unallocated loss adjustment
             expenses, risk adjustment for non-financial risk,                                                                           2,860
             discounting and other impacts

           Liability for incurred claims                                                                                                 4,615

          The table below presents the claim reserves of net of reinsurance for short-term life insurance contracts of the
          Group:

                                                                                   Short-term life insurance (Accident year)

                                                                         2020      2021         2022         2023          2024          Total




                                                                                                                                                          Other information
           Net of reinsurance

           Undiscounted estimate of ultimate claim cost as of:

           Accident year                                                3,440     3,967        3,436         4,300        4,370

           One year later                                               3,339     3,733        3,240         4,145

           Two years later                                              3,244     3,626        3,232

           Three years later                                            3,208     3,601

           Four years later                                             3,206

           Cumulative claims payments                                   (3,206)   (3,595)      (3,142)      (3,863)      (3,089)

           Sub-total                                                         –         6           90          282        1,281          1,659

           Adjustment for previous years, unallocated loss adjustment
             expenses, risk adjustment for non-financial risk,                                                                           2,664
             discounting and other impacts

           Liability for incurred claims, net                                                                                            4,323




                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
           Total asset for incurred claims                                                                                                 292

           Liability for incurred claims                                                                                                 4,615




                                                                                                                               2024 Annual Report   123
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       2.         Market risk
                  Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
                  changes in market prices. Market risk principally comprises three types of risks, namely interest rate risk arising from
                  market interest rates, price risk arising from market prices and currency risk arising from foreign exchange rates.
                  The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Group’s exposure to market risk:
                  •     A market risk policy of the Group setting out the assessment and determination of what constitutes market risk
                        for the Group. Compliance with the policy is monitored and exposures and breaches are reported to the risk
                        management committee of the Group. The policy is reviewed regularly by the management of the Group for
                        pertinence and for changes in the risk environment.
                  (1) Currency risk
                        Currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flow of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
                        changes in foreign exchange rates.
                        Since the Group operates principally in Mainland China, the Group has only limited exposure to currency risk,
                        which arises primarily from certain insurance policies denominated in foreign currencies, bank deposits and
                        common stocks, etc. denominated in the foreign currency.
                        The following tables summarise the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities by major currency:

                                                                                                      31 December 2024

                                                                                                USD           HKD   Other currencies
                                                                                   RMB                                                     Total
                                                                                           (in RMB)      (in RMB)         (in RMB)

                         Cash at bank and on hand                                23,259       5,822           274                 2      29,357

                         Derivative financial instruments                            13           1             –                12          26

                         Securities purchased under agreements to resell         10,905           –             –                 –      10,905

                         Term deposits                                          172,829        989              –                 –     173,818

                         Financial investments:

                            Financial assets at fair value through profit or
                                                                                648,416      16,648         1,579               556     667,199
                              loss

                            Financial assets at amortised cost                   64,844           –             –                 –      64,844

                            Debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                               1,606,358      1,614             –                 –    1,607,972
                              comprehensive income

                            Equity investments at fair value through other
                                                                                141,933           1            80                 –     142,014
                              comprehensive income

                         Restricted statutory deposits                            6,851           –             –                 –       6,851

                         Others                                                  13,348         148            19                 –      13,515

                         Sub-total                                             2,688,756     25,223         1,952               570    2,716,501




124    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                        Financial Report
                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

2.     Market risk (continued)
       (1) Currency risk (continued)




                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
           The following tables summarise the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities by major currency: (continued)

                                                                                       31 December 2024

                                                                                USD           HKD    Other currencies
                                                                    RMB                                                           Total
                                                                            (in RMB)      (in RMB)         (in RMB)

           Derivative financial liabilities                            2         94              –                 –                 96

           Securities sold under agreements to repurchase        181,695          –              –                 –           181,695

           Bonds payable                                          10,286          –              –                 –            10,286

           Commission and brokerage payable                        5,926          –             16                 –              5,942

           Lease liabilities                                       2,710          –             12                 –              2,722

           Others                                                 42,242        249            163                 –            42,654

           Sub-total                                             242,861        343            191                 –           243,395




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
           Net value                                            2,445,895    24,880          1,761               570         2,473,106




                                                                                       31 December 2023

                                                                                USD           HKD    Other currencies
                                                                    RMB                                                           Total
                                                                            (in RMB)      (in RMB)         (in RMB)

           Cash at bank and on hand                               25,925      5,340            188                 2            31,455

           Derivative financial instruments                            –         17              –                 –                 17

           Securities purchased under agreements to resell         2,808          –              –                 –              2,808

           Term deposits                                         164,256      1,222             23                 –           165,501

           Financial investments:

             Financial assets at fair value through profit or
                                                                 564,127     14,662          2,466               347           581,602
               loss




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
             Financial assets at amortised cost                   82,334          –              –                 –            82,334

             Debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                1,246,792       643              –                 –         1,247,435
               comprehensive income

             Equity investments at fair value through other
                                                                  97,937          1             27                 –            97,965
               comprehensive income

           Restricted statutory deposits                           7,105          –              –                 –              7,105

           Others                                                 11,101         97             28                 8            11,234

           Sub-total                                            2,202,385    21,982          2,732               357         2,227,456




                                                                                       31 December 2023

                                                                                USD           HKD    Other currencies
                                                                    RMB                                                           Total
                                                                            (in RMB)      (in RMB)         (in RMB)

           Derivative financial liabilities                            2         12              –                 7                 21




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
           Securities sold under agreements to repurchase        115,819          –              –                 –           115,819

           Bonds payable                                          10,285          –              –                 –            10,285

           Commission and brokerage payable                        5,846          –             15                 –              5,861

           Lease liabilities                                       3,077          –             18                 –              3,095

           Others                                                 33,458        302            119                 –            33,879

           Sub-total                                             168,487        314            152                 7           168,960

           Net value                                            2,033,898    21,668          2,580               350         2,058,496




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   125
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       2.         Market risk (continued)
                  (1) Currency risk (continued)
                        The following tables summarise the Group’s insurance contract assets/liabilities and reinsurance contract assets/
                        liabilities by major currency:

                                                                                                     31 December 2024

                                                                                  RMB         USD (in RMB)          HKD (in RMB)                  Total

                         Insurance contract assets                                  22                     –                      –                  22

                         Reinsurance contract assets                            38,803                 6,838                  440                46,081

                         Insurance contract liabilities                       2,216,147               12,561                  806             2,229,514




                                                                                                     31 December 2023

                                                                                  RMB         USD (in RMB)          HKD (in RMB)                  Total

                         Insurance contract assets                                 335                     –                      –                 335

                         Reinsurance contract assets                            35,695                 3,579                  480                39,754

                         Insurance contract liabilities                       1,865,226                6,556                  838             1,872,620

                        Exchange rates used by the Group by major currencies:

                                                                                31 December 2024                           31 December 2023

                                                                                  USD                  HKD                   USD                  HKD

                         Exchange rate                                         7.18840              0.92604               7.08270               0.90622

                        Sensitivities
                        The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in foreign exchange rate with all other
                        variables held constant, for the following financial instruments, showing the pre-tax impact on profit and
                        shareholder’s equity.
                        Sensitivity analysis below shows changes in spot and forward exchange rates and reflects the pre-tax impact on
                        profit and shareholder’s equity arising from monetary financial assets and liabilities, insurance contract assets/
                        liabilities and reinsurance contract assets/liabilities denominated in foreign currency as at the dates indicated.

                                                                                                               31 December 2024
                         USD, HKD and other currencies to RMB exchange rate
                                                                                          Impact on profit before tax        Impact on equity before tax

                         +5%                                                                                    1,052                             1,056

                         -5%                                                                                   (1,052)                           (1,056)




                                                                                                               31 December 2023
                         USD, HKD and other currencies to RMB exchange rate
                                                                                          Impact on profit before tax        Impact on equity before tax

                         +5%                                                                                      353                             1,088

                         -5%                                                                                     (353)                           (1,088)

                        The impact on equity arising from monetary financial assets and liabilities, insurance contract assets/liabilities
                        and reinsurance contract assets/liabilities denominated in foreign currency shown above is the total impact from
                        both profit before tax and fair value change.




126    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report
                                                                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

2.     Market risk (continued)
       (2) Interest rate risk




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
           of changes in market interest rates.
           Floating rate instruments expose the Group to cash flow interest risk, whereas fixed interest rate instruments
           expose the Group to fair value interest risk.
           The Group’s interest risk policy requires it to manage interest rate risk by maintaining an appropriate mix of fixed
           and floating rate instruments. The policy also requires it to manage the maturity of interest-bearing financial
           assets and interest-bearing financial liabilities. Interest on floating rate instruments is generally repriced once
           a year. Interest on fixed rate instruments is priced on initial recognition of related financial instruments and
           remains constant until maturity date.
           The Group is not exposed to significant concentration risks.
           The tables below summarise major interest-bearing financial instruments of the Group by contractual/estimated
           re-pricing date or maturity date. Other financial instruments not included in the following tables are interest free




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
           and not exposed to interest rate risk:

                                                                                                     31 December 2024

                                                                                                                                        Non-interest
                                                       Within 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years     Over 5 years     Floating rate                       Total
                                                                                                                                            bearing

            Financial assets:

            Cash at bank and on hand with maturity
                                                                221              –              –                –            29,128              8       29,357
              of no more than three months

            Securities purchased under agreements
                                                             10,902              –              –                –                 –              3       10,905
              to resell

            Term deposits                                    24,490         74,059         71,603                –                 –          3,666      173,818

            Financial investments:

              Financial assets at fair value through
                                                             10,092         16,759         10,742          236,655                 –          4,272      278,520
                profit or loss

              Financial assets at amortised cost             15,853          5,851          5,886           37,246                 8              –       64,844




                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
              Debt investments at fair value through
                                                             66,406         55,822         78,225        1,394,875                 –         12,644    1,607,972
                other comprehensive income

            Restricted statutory deposits                       579          4,898          1,225                –                 –            149        6,851

            Financial liabilities:

            Securities sold under agreements to
                                                            181,567              –              –                –                 –            128      181,695
              repurchase

            Bonds payable                                         –              –          9,999                –                 –            287       10,286




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   127
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       2.         Market risk (continued)
                  (2) Interest rate risk (continued)
                        The tables below summarise major interest-bearing financial instruments of the Group by contractual/estimated
                        re-pricing date or maturity date. Other financial instruments not included in the following tables are interest free
                        and not exposed to interest rate risk: (continued)

                                                                                                                   31 December 2023

                                                                                                                                                      Non-interest
                                                                     Within 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years     Over 5 years     Floating rate                      Total
                                                                                                                                                          bearing

                         Financial assets:

                         Cash at bank and on hand with maturity
                                                                              549              –              –                –            30,901              3      31,453
                           of no more than three months

                         Securities purchased under agreements
                                                                            2,808              –              –                –                 –              –       2,808
                           to resell

                         Term deposits                                     49,777         59,485         51,545              500                 –          4,194     165,501

                         Financial investments:

                            Financial assets at fair value through
                                                                           10,671         18,102         12,588          160,723                 –          3,400     205,484
                              profit or loss

                            Financial assets at amortised cost             14,651         18,737          5,884           42,962               100              –      82,334

                            Debt investments at fair value through
                                                                           48,318       114,044          71,084        1,002,494                 –         11,495    1,247,435
                              other comprehensive income

                         Restricted statutory deposits                      3,442          2,273          1,040                –                 –            350       7,105

                         Financial liabilities:

                         Securities sold under agreements to
                                                                          115,695              –              –                –                 –            124     115,819
                           repurchase

                         Bonds payable                                          –              –          9,999                –                 –            286      10,285

                        Interest rates on floating rate bonds/liabilities are re-priced when the benchmark interest rates are adjusted.
                        Sensitivities
                        The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rate with all other variables
                        held constant, for the following financial instruments, showing the pre-tax impact on profit and shareholder’s
                        equity. Since almost all financial instruments of the Group that bear interest rate risks are financial instruments
                        denominated in RMB, the sensitivity analysis below only shows the pre-tax impact of RMB financial instruments
                        on the Group’s profit and shareholder’s equity when RMB interest rate changes.
                        Sensitivities on fixed-rate financial instruments
                        As at the balance sheet date, the Group’s fixed-rate financial instruments exposed to interest rate risk mainly
                        include financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income. The following tables show the pre-tax impact of fair value change of debt investments
                        on profit and shareholder’s equity.

                                                                                                                              31 December 2024
                         Change in RMB interest rate
                                                                                                       Impact on profit before tax                Impact on equity before tax

                         +50 basis points                                                                                      (4,446)                                (77,481)

                         –50 basis points                                                                                       4,669                                  86,912




                                                                                                                              31 December 2023
                         Change in RMB interest rate
                                                                                                       Impact on profit before tax                Impact on equity before tax

                         +50 basis points                                                                                      (3,121)                                (52,577)

                         –50 basis points                                                                                       3,276                                  58,879

                        The above impact on equity represents adjustments to profit before tax and changes in fair value of fixed-rate
                        financial instruments.


128    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

2.     Market risk (continued)
       (2) Interest rate risk (continued)




                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
           Sensitivities (continued)
           Sensitivities on floating-rate financial instruments
           The following tables show the pre-tax impact that floating-rate financial assets and liabilities have on the Group’s
           profit and shareholder’s equity due to changes in interest rate as at the balance sheet date.

                                                                                              31 December 2024
            Change in RMB interest rate
                                                                           Impact on profit before tax      Impact on equity before tax

            +50 basis points                                                                      146                               146

            –50 basis points                                                                     (146)                             (146)




                                                                                              31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
            Change in RMB interest rate
                                                                           Impact on profit before tax      Impact on equity before tax

            +50 basis points                                                                      155                               155

            –50 basis points                                                                     (155)                             (155)

           Sensitivities on insurance contract liabilities
           The following tables show the pre-tax impact that insurance contract liabilities have on the Group’s profit and
           shareholder’s equity due to changes in interest rate as at the balance sheet date.

                                                                                              31 December 2024
            Change in RMB interest rate
                                                                           Impact on profit before tax      Impact on equity before tax

            +50 basis points                                                                    2,427                           84,733

            –50 basis points                                                                   (4,680)                         (98,663)




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
                                                                                              31 December 2023
            Change in RMB interest rate
                                                                           Impact on profit before tax      Impact on equity before tax

            +50 basis points                                                                    4,261                           68,027

            –50 basis points                                                                   (5,082)                         (78,143)

       (3) Price risk
           Price risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices
           (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), regardless of whether those changes are caused
           by factors specific to the individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial
           instruments traded in the market. The Group’s price risk policy requires it to manage such risk by setting and
           monitoring investment objectives, adopting related strategies and managing fluctuations arising from price risk
           in operating performance.
           Financial investments exposed to market price risk mainly consist of stocks and equity investment funds
           under financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and equity investments at fair value through other




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
           comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   129
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       2.         Market risk (continued)
                  (3) Price risk (continued)
                        Assuming that the market price of listed stocks and equity investment funds rises or falls by 10% (based on
                        the book value as at the balance sheet date, taking into account the impact on listed equities and securities
                        investment funds and insurance contract liabilities) and other variables remain unchanged, the pre-tax impact of
                        the above financial instruments on the Group’s profit and shareholder’s equity based at the end of the reporting
                        date is as follows.

                                                                                             31 December 2024
                         Changes in equity prices                   Impact on   Impact on insurance        Impact on profit   Impact on equity
                                                                  investments     contract liabilities          before tax          before tax

                         +10%                                         48,932                  25,418                46,354             23,514

                         -10%                                        (48,932)                (25,392)              (46,378)           (23,540)




                                                                                             31 December 2023
                         Changes in equity prices                   Impact on   Impact on insurance        Impact on profit   Impact on equity
                                                                  investments     contract liabilities          before tax          before tax

                         +10%                                         30,743                  12,430                10,688             18,313

                         -10%                                        (30,743)                (12,430)              (10,688)           (18,313)


       3.         Credit risk
                  Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument or an insurance contract will cause a financial loss to the
                  other party by failing to discharge an obligation.
                  The Group is exposed to credit risks primarily associated with deposit arrangements with commercial banks, financial
                  assets at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, securities purchased
                  under agreements to resell, reinsurance contract assets and other assets.
                  Due to the restriction of The National Administration of Financial Regulation, majority of the Group’s financial assets
                  are government bonds, government institutional bonds, enterprise bonds, term deposits, debt investment plans and
                  wealth management products. Term deposits are placed with national commercial banks or comparatively sound
                  financial institutions, and most of enterprise bonds, debt investment plans and wealth management products are
                  guaranteed by qualified institutions. Hence, the related credit risk of the investment should be regarded as relatively
                  low. Meanwhile, the Group will perform credit assessments and risk appraisals for each investment before signing
                  contracts and determine to invest in those programs released by highly rated issuers and project initiators.
                  For securities purchased under agreements to resell and policy loans, there is a security pledge, and the maturity
                  period is less than one year. Premium receivables from life insurance are mainly renew premium within grace period.
                  Hence, the related credit risk should not have significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
                  The Group grants a short credit period and arranges instalment payment to reduce the property and casualty
                  insurance businesses credit risk. The Group performs regular credit assessment of the reinsurance companies.
                  Reinsurance of the Group is mainly entered into with highly rated reinsurance companies.
                  The Group mitigates credit risk by utilising credit control policies, undertaking credit analysis on potential
                  investments, and imposing aggregate counterparty exposure limits.




130    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Financial Report
                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

3.     Credit risk (continued)
       Measurement of expected credit loss




                                                                                                                                                Operating results
       In accordance with the new accounting standard for financial instruments, the Group applies the “expected credit
       loss model” to measure the impairment of financial assets such as financial assets at amortised cost and debt
       investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
       Criteria for judging significant changes in credit risk
       Under the new financial instruments accounting standard, the Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether
       the credit risk of the relevant financial instruments has changed significantly since its initial recognition when
       considering the credit risk stages of financial assets. When determining the impairment stage of financial assets,
       the Group fully considers all reasonable and well-founded information, including forward-looking information,
       that reflects whether there has been a significant change in its credit risk. The main factors to be considered
       are regulatory and operating environment, internal and external credit rating, solvency, operating capacity, etc.
       The Group based on individual financial instruments or portfolios of financial instruments with similar credit risk
       characteristics to determine the stage classification of financial instruments by comparing the credit risks of the
       financial instruments at the reporting date with initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate governance
       The Group sets quantitative and qualitative criteria to determine whether the credit risk of financial instruments has
       changed significantly since the initial recognition, mainly including changes in the debtor’s probability of default
       (“PD”), changes in credit risk classification, and other circumstances indicating significant changes in credit risk. In
       determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has changed significantly since the initial recognition,
       the Group considers overdue more than 30 days as one of the criteria for a significant increase in credit risk in
       accordance with the requirements of the Standard.
       Definition of financial assets that are credit-impaired
       The criteria adopted by the Group in determining whether credit impairment has incurred are consistent with
       internal credit risk management objectives for the relevant financial instruments, taking into account quantitative
       and qualitative indicators. When assessing whether a debtor has incurred credit impairment, the Group mainly
       considers the following factors:
       •    The debtor is more than 90 days overdue after the due date of payment in the contract;
       •    Internal credit rating is a default rating;




                                                                                                                                                Other information
       •    For economic or contractual reasons related to the debtor’s financial difficulties, the creditor gives the debtor
            concessions that the creditor would not otherwise consider;
       •    Significant financial difficulties of the issuer or debtor;
       •    Breach of contract by the debtor, such as default or overdue payment of interest or principal;
       •    The debtor is likely to go bankrupt or other financial restructuring;
       •    Financial difficulties of the issuer or debtor lead to the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset;
       •    Purchase or originate a financial asset at a significant discount that reflects the fact that a credit loss has
            occurred.
       Credit impairment of financial assets may be caused by a combination of multiple events, not necessarily by
       individually identifiable events.




                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   131
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       3.         Credit risk (continued)
                  Measurement of expected credit loss (continued)
                  Parameters of the expected credit loss measurement
                  The models, parameters and assumptions used in measuring expected credit loss are described as follows:
                  Impairment provisions are measured in terms of expected credit losses over the next 12 months or throughout the
                  lifetime of the assets, based on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and whether the asset
                  has undergone credit impairment. The expected credit loss is the result of discounting the product of the company’s
                  exposure at default (“EAD”), PD and rate of loss given default (“LGD”) under reasonable and evidence-based forward-
                  looking information that can be obtained without undue cost or effort.
                  i)       EAD is based on the amounts the Group expects to be owed at the time of default, over the next 12 months or
                           over the remaining lifetime;
                  ii)      PD is the likelihood that the debtor will not be able to meet its payment obligations in the next 12 months or
                           throughout the remaining lifetime;
                  iii)     LGD is the Group’s expectation of the percentage of loss on the EAD will be lost. LGD varies depending on
                           the type of counterparty, the manner and priority of recourse, and the availability of collateral or other credit
                           support.
                  When assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since its initial
                  recognition, the Group takes into account changes in the risk of default over the expected lifetime of the financial
                  instruments. The lifetime PD is derived from the 12-month PD based on the maturity information. Impairment for
                  assets assessed on a collective basis is based on observable historical data and on the assumption that assets with
                  the same credit rating and in the same portfolio for collective assessment are in the same situation. The above
                  analysis is based on industry experience and supported by historical data.
                  Credit risk exposure
                  Without regard to the impact of guarantees or other credit enhancement methods, the carrying amount of financial
                  assets in the Group’s balance sheet reflects its maximum credit risk exposure at the balance sheet date.
                  The following table sets out the credit risk exposure of financial instruments under the scope of the expected credit
                  loss assessment:

                                                                                              31 December 2024

                                                                          Stage 1       Stage 2          Stage 3     Maximum credit risk exposure

                   Cash at bank and on hand                               29,357             –                   –                        29,357

                   Derivative financial assets                                26             –                   –                            26

                   Securities purchased under agreements to resell        10,905             –                   –                        10,905

                   Term deposits                                         172,113          1,705                  –                       173,818

                   Financial Investments:                               1,663,534         6,321           2,961                        1,672,816

                         Financial assets at amortised cost               62,770          1,517             557                           64,844

                         Debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                        1,600,764         4,804           2,404                        1,607,972
                           comprehensive income

                   Restricted statutory deposits                           6,851             –                   –                         6,851

                   Others                                                 13,235           210               70                           13,515

                   Total                                                1,896,021         8,236           3,031                        1,907,288




132    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                             Financial Report
                                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

3.     Credit risk (continued)
       Credit risk exposure (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
       The following table sets out the credit risk exposure of financial instruments under the scope of the expected credit
       loss assessment: (continued)

                                                                                                    31 December 2023

                                                                       Stage 1            Stage 2                  Stage 3      Maximum credit risk exposure

        Cash at bank and on hand                                       31,455                      –                       –                             31,455

        Derivative financial assets                                         17                     –                       –                                  17

        Securities purchased under agreements to resell                  2,808                     –                       –                               2,808

        Term deposits                                                 165,501                      –                       –                            165,501

        Financial Investments:                                       1,324,659              1,302                    3,808                            1,329,769

          Financial assets at amortised cost                           81,291                    155                  888                                82,334

          Debt investments at fair value through other




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
                                                                     1,243,368              1,147                    2,920                            1,247,435
            comprehensive income

        Restricted statutory deposits                                    7,105                     –                       –                               7,105

        Others                                                         10,523                    683                   28                                11,234

        Total                                                        1,542,068              1,985                    3,836                            1,547,889

       As at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the collateral for the financial assets that have suffered credit
       impairment is mainly equity.
       The Group closely monitors collateral for financial assets that have undergone credit impairment.
       The following table sets out the maximum exposure to credit risk of insurance contracts at the end of reporting
       period:

                                                                                                   31 December 2024                        31 December 2023

        Insurance contracts issued                                                                            112,950                                   110,425

        Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                46,081                                 39,754




                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
       The Group assesses the credit standing of ceded reinsurance recipients on the timely basis, including financial
       performance, solvency level, etc., and then select those companies with high credit qualifications to carry out
       reinsurance business. At the end of the year, there was no material change in the credit standing of the Group’s
       ceded reinsurance recipients.
       The following tables explain the changes in the gross carrying amount and impairment provision of the main
       financial assets for the year:

                                                                                                 2024

                                                                                                  Stages transfers
        Gross carrying amount                                                         Transfer        Transfer          Transfer
                                                                   Net increase/
                                                                                      between         between           between
                                               Stage   1 January      (decrease)                                                    Write-offs 31 December
                                                                                   Stage 1 and     Stage 1 and       Stage 2 and
                                                                          (Note)
                                                                                       Stage 2         Stage 3           Stage 3

                                          Stage 1         81,334        (17,001)       (1,533)                –                 –            –           62,800
        Financial assets at




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                                          Stage 2           156             (32)        1,533                 –                 –            –             1,657
          amortised cost
                                          Stage 3          2,221          (237)             –                 –                 –            –             1,984

                                          Stage 1      1,243,368       362,513         (5,117)                –                 –            –        1,600,764
        Debt investments at fair
          value through other             Stage 2          1,147         (1,460)        5,117                 –                 –            –             4,804
          comprehensive income
                                          Stage 3          2,920          (516)             –                 –                 –            –             2,404




                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   133
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       3.         Credit risk (continued)
                  Credit risk exposure (continued)
                  The following tables explain the changes in the gross carrying amount and impairment provision of the main
                  financial assets for the year: (continued)

                                                                                                               2024

                                                                                                                Stages transfers
                   Impairment provision                                                            Transfer         Transfer          Transfer
                                                                               Net increase/
                                                                                                   between          between           between
                                                         Stage    1 January       (decrease)                                                     Write-offs 31 December
                                                                                                Stage 1 and      Stage 1 and       Stage 2 and
                                                                                      (Note)
                                                                                                    Stage 2          Stage 3           Stage 3

                                                       Stage 1            43            126             (139)               –               –           –           30
                   Financial assets at
                                                       Stage 2             1               –            139                 –               –           –          140
                     amortised cost
                                                       Stage 3         1,333              94               –                –               –           –         1,427

                                                       Stage 1           222              (7)             (6)               –               –           –          209
                   Debt investments at fair
                     value through other               Stage 2            11              98               6                –               –           –          115
                     comprehensive income
                                                       Stage 3         3,696            200                –                –               –           –         3,896

                  Note: Changes in current year due to purchase, purchased credit-impaired or derecognition except write-offs.


                                                                                                               2023

                                                                                                                Stages transfers
                   Gross carrying amount                                                           Transfer         Transfer          Transfer
                                                                               Net increase/
                                                                                                   between          between           between
                                                         Stage    1 January       (decrease)                                                     Write-offs 31 December
                                                                                                Stage 1 and      Stage 1 and       Stage 2 and
                                                                                      (Note)
                                                                                                    Stage 2          Stage 3           Stage 3

                                                       Stage 1       89,716           (8,262)           (120)               –               –           –        81,334
                   Financial assets at
                                                       Stage 2         1,586            (297)           120                 –          (1,253)          –          156
                     amortised cost
                                                       Stage 3          944               24               –                –           1,253           –         2,221

                                                       Stage 1    1,108,746         135,114             (492)               –               –           –     1,243,368
                   Debt investments at fair
                     value through other               Stage 2         4,204          (1,029)           492                 –          (2,520)          –         1,147
                     comprehensive income
                                                       Stage 3         6,374          (5,974)              –                –           2,520           –         2,920




134    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

3.     Credit risk (continued)
       Credit risk exposure (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating results
       The following tables explain the changes in the gross carrying amount and impairment provision of the main
       financial assets for the year: (continued)

                                                                                                    2023

                                                                                                     Stages transfers
        Impairment provision                                                            Transfer         Transfer          Transfer
                                                                    Net increase/
                                                                                        between          between           between
                                              Stage    1 January       (decrease)                                                     Write-offs 31 December
                                                                                     Stage 1 and      Stage 1 and       Stage 2 and
                                                                           (Note)
                                                                                         Stage 2          Stage 3           Stage 3

                                             Stage 1           49              (6)              –                –               –           –                43
        Financial assets at
                                             Stage 2         112               (7)              –                –            (104)          –                 1
          amortised cost
                                             Stage 3         657             572                –                –             104           –             1,333

                                             Stage 1          250             (28)              –                –               –           –               222




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
        Debt investments at fair
          value through other                Stage 2         257              (20)              –                –            (226)          –                11
          comprehensive income
                                             Stage 3        2,177           1,293               –                –             226           –             3,696

       Note: Changes in current year due to purchase, purchased credit-impaired or derecognition except write-offs.

       The Group internally grades the financial instruments based on the credit quality and risk characteristics. The credit
       rating of the financial instruments could further be classified as “low risk”, “medium risk”, “high risk” and “default”
       according to the internal rating scale. “Low risk” means that the asset quality is good, there is sufficient evidence
       to show that the asset is not expected to have default, or there is no reason to suspect that the asset had incurred
       default. “Medium risk” means that the asset quality is acceptable or there are factors revealing potential negative
       impact on the asset quality, but there is no sufficient reason to suspect that the asset had incurred default. “High risk”
       means that there are factors revealing significant adverse impact on the asset quality, but there is no event indicating
       incurred default. The criteria of “default” are consistent with those of “credit-impaired”.
       The following table analyses the credit risk’s stages of financial assets at amortised cost and debt investments at
       fair value through other comprehensive income within the scope of ECLs. The net carrying value of the following
       financial assets disclosed at the balance sheet is their maximum exposure to credit risk:




                                                                                                                                                                            Other information
                                                                                                    31 December 2024

                                                                       Stage 1                      Stage 2                   Stage 3
                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                               12-month ECLs              Lifetime ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs

        Financial assets at amortised cost

        Credit level

          Low                                                           62,599                             25                         –                  62,624

          Medium                                                           201                       1,632                            –                    1,833

          High                                                                –                             –                         –                        –

          Default                                                             –                             –                   1,984                      1,984

        Total carrying amount                                           62,800                       1,657                      1,984                    66,441

        Impairment provisions                                               (30)                      (140)                    (1,427)                    (1,597)

        Net carrying amount                                             62,770                       1,517                        557                    64,844




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   135
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       3.         Credit risk (continued)
                  Credit risk exposure (continued)
                  The following table analyses the credit risk’s stages of financial assets at amortised cost and debt investments at
                  fair value through other comprehensive income within the scope of ECLs. The net carrying value of the following
                  financial assets disclosed at the balance sheet is their maximum exposure to credit risk: (continued)

                                                                                      31 December 2023

                                                                  Stage 1             Stage 2              Stage 3
                                                                                                                               Total
                                                            12-month ECLs       Lifetime ECLs        Lifetime ECLs

                   Financial assets at amortised cost

                   Credit level

                      Low                                          79,345                  –                     –            79,345

                      Medium                                        1,989                156                     –             2,145

                      High                                              –                  –                     –                 –

                      Default                                           –                  –                 2,221             2,221

                   Total carrying amount                           81,334                156                 2,221            83,711

                   Impairment provisions                              (43)                 (1)              (1,333)           (1,377)

                   Net carrying amount                             81,291                155                  888             82,334




                                                                                      31 December 2024

                                                                  Stage 1             Stage 2              Stage 3
                                                                                                                               Total
                                                            12-month ECLs       Lifetime ECLs        Lifetime ECLs

                   Debt investments at fair value through
                     other comprehensive income

                   Credit level

                      Low                                       1,597,629                167                     –         1,597,796

                      Medium                                        3,135               4,637                 579              8,351

                      High                                              –                  –                     –                 –

                      Default                                           –                  –                 1,825             1,825

                   Net carrying amount                          1,600,764               4,804                2,404         1,607,972




136    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Financial Report
                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

3.     Credit risk (continued)
       Credit risk exposure (continued)




                                                                                                                                                 Operating results
       The following table analyses the credit risk’s stages of financial assets at amortised cost and debt investments at
       fair value through other comprehensive income within the scope of ECLs. The net carrying value of the following
       financial assets disclosed at the balance sheet is their maximum exposure to credit risk: (continued)

                                                                                 31 December 2023

                                                            Stage 1              Stage 2              Stage 3
                                                                                                                                Total
                                                      12-month ECLs        Lifetime ECLs        Lifetime ECLs

           Debt investments at fair value through
             other comprehensive income

           Credit level

             Low                                          1,236,417                  29                    –               1,236,446

             Medium                                           6,951                1,118                   –                    8,069




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate governance
             High                                                 –                   –                    –                        –

             Default                                              –                   –                 2,920                   2,920

           Net carrying amount                            1,243,368                1,147                2,920              1,247,435


4.     Liquidity risk
       Liquidity risk is the risk of capital shortage in the performance of repaying maturing debts or fulfilling other payment
       obligations.
       Liquidity risk may result from the surrender, reduction or early termination of insurance contracts in other forms, the
       indemnity and payment, and the daily expenses of the Group.
       When surrender, reduction or other forms of early termination happens, the Group determines the amounts that
       are payable on demand to policyholders in accordance with the terms of insurance contracts, which are usually
       the unearned premiums or the cash values of the relevant part of contracts, after deducting the applicable early
       termination fees. The Group seeks to manage its liquidity risk by setting out guidelines on asset allocation, portfolio
       limit structures and the maturity profiles of assets, in order to match the maturities of investment assets with the




                                                                                                                                                 Other information
       maturities of corresponding insurance liabilities, to provide funds for the Group to fulfil payment obligations in a
       timely manner.
       The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Group’s exposure to liquidity risk:
       •        Setting up a liquidity risk policy for the assessment and determination of what constitutes liquidity risk for the
                Group. Compliance with the policy is monitored, and exposures and breaches of the policy are reported to the
                risk management committee of the Group. The policy is regularly reviewed by the management of the Group for
                pertinence and for changes in the risk environment;
       •        Setting up emergency fund plans which specify the sources of emergency funds, the minimum amount of daily
                reserve funds, and the specific events that would trigger such plans.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   137
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       4.         Liquidity risk (continued)
                  The tables below summarise the maturity profiles of the main financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group
                  based on undiscounted contractual cash flows and remaining maturity of expected cash flows:

                                                                                                31 December 2024

                                                               On demand/
                                                                            Within 1 year   1 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Undated       Total
                                                                  Overdue

                   Financial assets:

                   Cash at bank and on hand                        29,136            221              –              –          –     29,357

                   Derivative financial assets                          –             13             13              –          –         26

                   Securities purchased under agreements
                                                                        –         10,905              –              –          –     10,905
                     to resell

                   Term deposits                                        –         26,288       160,777               –          –    187,065

                   Financial investments:

                      Financial assets at fair value through
                                                                      388         29,170         63,209        306,695    366,452    765,914
                        profit or loss

                      Financial assets at amortised cost                –         17,996         19,883         49,370          –     87,249

                      Debt investments at fair value through
                                                                        –        120,725       331,984       2,187,048          –   2,639,757
                        other comprehensive income

                      Equity investments at fair value
                        through other comprehensive                     –              –              –              –    164,475    164,475
                        income

                   Restricted statutory deposits                        –            739          6,534              –          –      7,273

                   Others                                           1,107          7,857          4,934             45          2     13,945

                   Sub-total                                       30,631        213,914       587,334       2,543,158    530,929   3,905,966

                   Financial liabilities:

                   Derivative financial liabilities                     –             14             82              –          –         96

                   Securities sold under agreements to
                                                                        –        181,748              –              –          –    181,748
                     repurchase

                   Bonds payable                                        –            367         11,101              –          –     11,468

                   Commission and brokerage payable                   923          4,385            608             26          –      5,942

                   Lease liabilities                                    –            846          1,447            692          –      2,985

                   Others                                             714         40,240          1,700              –          –     42,654

                   Sub-total                                        1,637        227,600         14,938            718          –    244,893

                   Net amount                                      28,994        (13,686)      572,396       2,542,440    530,929   3,661,073




138    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

4.     Liquidity risk (continued)
       The tables below summarise the maturity analysis of the main financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group




                                                                                                                                                                              Operating results
       based on undiscounted contractual cash flows and remaining maturity of expected cash flows: (continued)

                                                                                                 31 December 2023

                                                      On demand/
                                                                         Within 1 year       1 to 5 years       Over 5 years            Undated              Total
                                                         Overdue

       Financial assets:

       Cash at bank and on hand                            30,906                    549                 –                   –                 –           31,455

       Derivative financial assets                                –                   17                 –                   –                 –                17

       Securities purchased under agreements
                                                                  –              2,809                   –                   –                 –             2,809
         to resell

       Term deposits                                              –             52,866           124,687                  587                  –          178,140

       Financial investments:

         Financial assets at fair value through




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate governance
                                                              454               26,543               55,426            200,178          367,031           649,632
           profit or loss

         Financial assets at amortised cost                       –             17,859               34,492             56,912                 –          109,263

         Debt investments at fair value through
                                                                  –             96,126           347,151           1,604,815                   –        2,048,092
           other comprehensive income

         Equity investments at fair value
           through other comprehensive                            –              4,662               25,680              1,033           69,488           100,863
           income

       Restricted statutory deposits                              –              3,883                3,648                  –                 –             7,531

       Others                                                 958                8,612                2,112                  –                 2           11,684

       Sub-total                                           32,318              213,926           593,196           1,863,525            436,521         3,139,486

       Financial liabilities:

       Derivative financial liabilities                           –                   10                11                   –                 –                21

       Securities sold under agreements to
                                                                  –            115,892                   –                   –                 –          115,892
         repurchase




                                                                                                                                                                              Other information
       Bonds payable                                              –                  367             11,468                  –                 –           11,835

       Commission and brokerage payable                       994                4,160                 693                  14                 –             5,861

       Lease liabilities                                          –              1,021                1,772                731                 –             3,524

       Others                                                 405               31,660                1,814                  –                 –           33,879

       Sub-total                                            1,399              153,110               15,758               745                  –          171,012

       Net amount                                          30,919               60,816           577,438           1,862,780            436,521         2,968,474

       The tables below summarise the maturity analysis of the Group’s insurance contract liabilities’ present value of the
       future cash flows as at the balance sheet date. The maturity analysis does not include the parts of insurance contract
       liabilities that relate to remaining coverage under the premium allocation approach:

                                                                                                31 December 2024

                                                  Within 1 year       1 to 2 years    2 to 3 years     3 to 4 years      4 to 5 years   Over 5 years         Total

       Present value of the future cash flows




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
         of insurance contact liabilities               (4,195)           (28,617)         29,908             43,158          67,489      1,691,778     1,799,521




                                                                                                31 December 2023

                                                  Within 1 year       1 to 2 years    2 to 3 years     3 to 4 years      4 to 5 years   Over 5 years         Total

       Present value of the future cash flows
         of insurance contact liabilities               (9,116)           (39,497)          3,874             38,773          49,016      1,423,350     1,466,400




                                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   139
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       4.         Liquidity risk (continued)
                  As at the balance sheet date, the cash flows of lease contracts that have been signed by the Group but have not yet
                  been executed are listed below by maturity date:

                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2024

                                                                        Within 1 year   1 to 2 years         2 to 5 years         Over 5 years       Total

                   Future contractual cash flows not
                     included in lease liabilities                                33             26                   45                    7         111




                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2023

                                                                        Within 1 year   1 to 2 years         2 to 5 years         Over 5 years       Total

                   Future contractual cash flows not
                     included in lease liabilities                                62             68                  124                  108         362


                  The table below summarises the expected utilisation or settlement of assets and liabilities:

                                                                                                             As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                Current                     Non-current              Total

                   Assets:

                      Cash at bank and on hand                                                   29,357                              –             29,357

                      Derivative financial assets                                                       13                          13                 26

                      Securities purchased under agreements to resell                            10,905                              –             10,905

                      Term deposits                                                              25,296                        148,522            173,818

                      Financial investments:

                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  383,995                        283,204            667,199

                         Financial assets at amortised cost                                      15,430                         49,414             64,844

                         Debt investments at fair value through other
                                                                                                 66,871                       1,541,101          1,607,972
                           comprehensive income

                         Equity investments at fair value through other
                                                                                                103,727                         38,287            142,014
                           comprehensive income

                      Restricted statutory deposits                                                    626                       6,225              6,851

                      Insurance contract assets                                                         22                           –                 22

                      Reinsurance contract assets                                                21,524                         24,557             46,081

                      Others                                                                      9,106                          4,409             13,515

                   Total                                                                        666,872                       2,095,732          2,762,604

                   Liabilities:

                      Derivative financial liabilities                                                  14                          82                 96

                      Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                            181,695                              –            181,695

                      Bonds payable                                                                      –                      10,286             10,286

                      Insurance contract liabilities                                             60,975                       2,168,539          2,229,514

                      Commission and brokerage payable                                            5,308                            634              5,942

                      Lease liabilities                                                                797                       1,925              2,722

                      Others                                                                     40,854                          1,800             42,654

                   Total                                                                        289,643                       2,183,266          2,472,909




140    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

4.     Liquidity risk (continued)
       The table below summarises the expected utilisation or settlement of assets and liabilities: (continued)




                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
                                                                                      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                            Current              Non-current                      Total

           Assets:

             Cash at bank and on hand                                        31,455                       –                     31,455

             Derivative financial assets                                        17                        –                          17

             Securities purchased under agreements to resell                  2,808                       –                       2,808

             Term deposits                                                   51,561                 113,940                    165,501

             Financial investments:

                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       386,825                 194,777                    581,602

                Financial assets at amortised cost                           14,056                  68,278                     82,334

                Debt investments at fair value through other




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
                                                                             48,934                1,198,501                 1,247,435
                  comprehensive income

                Equity investments at fair value through other
                                                                             73,209                  24,756                     97,965
                  comprehensive income

             Restricted statutory deposits                                    3,740                    3,365                      7,105

             Insurance contract assets                                         335                        –                         335

             Reinsurance contract assets                                     21,632                  18,122                     39,754

             Others                                                           9,262                    1,972                    11,234

           Total                                                            643,834                1,623,711                 2,267,545

           Liabilities:

             Derivative financial liabilities                                   10                       11                          21

             Securities sold under agreements to repurchase                 115,819                       –                    115,819

             Bonds payable                                                     286                     9,999                    10,285

             Insurance contract liabilities                                  56,359                1,816,261                 1,872,620




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
             Commission and brokerage payable                                 5,154                     707                       5,861

             Lease liabilities                                                 911                     2,184                      3,095

             Others                                                          32,065                    1,814                    33,879

           Total                                                            210,604                1,830,976                 2,041,580


5.     Operational risk
       Operation risk is the risk of loss arising from existed issues on internal procedures, employees and information
       system failure, and impacts from the external events. When controls fail to perform, operational risk can affect the
       steady development and reputation of the company, give rise to legal or regulatory matters, or lead to financial loss
       to the Group.
       The Group is exposed to many types of operational risks, including inadequate, or failure to obtain, proper
       authorisations or supporting documentation to comply with operational and informational system procedures that
       prevent frauds or errors by employees.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
       Through the establishment and implementation of internal control manuals, continuous optimisation of information
       systems, and monitoring and response to potential risks, the Group has established a long-term internal control
       mechanism to mitigate the impact of operational risks on the Group.
       The following internal control measures are in place to mitigate the Group’s exposure to operational risk:
       •        Setting up effective segregation of duties, access controls, authorisation and reconciliation procedures and user
                and authority controls for information system;
       •        Adopting supervisory measures such as compliance checks, risk investigations and internal audits;
       •        Regularly carrying out risk and internal control self-assessment and implementing rectification of defects;
       •        Implementing staff education and appraisals.


                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   141
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XII.       RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

       6.         Mismatching risk of assets and liabilities
                  Mismatching risk of assets and liabilities is the risk due to the Group’s inability to match its assets with its liabilities
                  on the basis of duration, cash flow and investment return. Under the current regulatory and market environment,
                  the Group is lack of investment in assets with a duration of sufficient length to match the duration of its medium
                  and long-term life insurance liabilities. When the current regulatory and market environment permits, the Group will
                  increase the profile of securities with fixed investment returns and lengthen the duration of its assets to narrow the
                  gap of duration and investment returns of the existing assets and liabilities.
                  In order to further enhance the management of matching of assets and liabilities, the board of directors of the Group
                  has the Strategy and Investment Decision & ESG Committee and Risk Management Committee to make significant
                  decisions on asset-liability management. Besides, the Executive Management Committee of the Group has an asset-
                  liability working group which is responsible for providing professional support for asset-liability management and
                  matching.

       7.         Capital management risk
                  Capital management risk primarily refers to the risk of insufficient solvency as a result of the operation and
                  administration of the Company or certain external events.
                  It is the Group’s objective to maintain a strong credit rating and adequate solvency in order to support its business
                  objectives and to maximise shareholder value. The specific measures are as follows:
                  •        Managing its capital requirements by assessing shortfalls between reported and targeted capital levels on a
                           regular basis;
                  •        Stepping up efforts to maintain multiple sources of financing in order to meet solvency margin needs arising
                           from future expansion in business activities;
                  •        Continuously and proactively adjusting the portfolio of insurance business, optimising asset allocation and
                           improving asset quality to enhance operating performance and the profitability.
                  The table below summarises the core capital, actual capital and minimum required capital of the Group and its major
                  insurance subsidiaries determined according to solvency supervision rules:

                      Group                                                                  31 December 2024               31 December 2023

                      Core capital                                                                    358,078                        303,908

                      Actual capital                                                                  503,745                        456,938

                      Minimum required capital                                                        197,079                        178,017

                      Core solvency margin ratio                                                        182%                           171%

                      Comprehensive solvency margin ratio                                               256%                           257%




                      CPIC Life                                                              31 December 2024               31 December 2023

                      Core capital                                                                    213,418                        173,981

                      Actual capital                                                                  345,510                        312,005

                      Minimum required capital                                                        164,313                        148,723

                      Core solvency margin ratio                                                        130%                           117%

                      Comprehensive solvency margin ratio                                               210%                           210%




142    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XII.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

7.     Capital management risk (continued)
       The table below summarises the core capital, actual capital and minimum required capital of the Group and its major




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
       insurance subsidiaries determined according to solvency supervision rules: (continued)

       CPIC Property                                                           31 December 2024               31 December 2023

       Core capital                                                                      58,153                          47,415

       Actual capital                                                                    70,698                          61,775

       Minimum required capital                                                          31,852                          28,898

       Core solvency margin ratio                                                         183%                             164%

       Comprehensive solvency margin ratio                                                222%                             214%




       CPIC Health                                                             31 December 2024               31 December 2023

       Core capital                                                                       3,294                            3,134




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
       Actual capital                                                                     4,040                            3,488

       Minimum required capital                                                           1,716                            1,352

       Core solvency margin ratio                                                         192%                             232%

       Comprehensive solvency margin ratio                                                235%                             258%




       PAAIC                                                                   31 December 2024               31 December 2023

       Core capital                                                                       2,868                            2,836

       Actual capital                                                                     3,153                            3,128

       Minimum required capital                                                            940                               831

       Core solvency margin ratio                                                         305%                             341%

       Comprehensive solvency margin ratio                                                335%                             376%


XIII. STRUCTURED ENTITIES



                                                                                                                                            Other information
       The Group uses structured entities in the normal course of business for a number of purposes, for example,
       structured transactions for institutions, to provide finance to public and private section infrastructure projects, and
       to generate fees for managing assets on behalf of third-party investors. These structured entities are operated based
       on the contracts. Refer to Note III 6 for the Group’s consolidation consideration related to structured entities.
       The following table shows the total assets of the Group’s unconsolidated structured entities and the amount of
       funding provided by the Group to these unconsolidated structured entities. The table also shows the Group’s
       maximum exposure to the unconsolidated structured entities representing the Group’s maximum possible risk
       exposure that could occur as a result of the Group’s arrangements with structured entities. The maximum exposure is
       contingent in nature and approximates the sum of funding provided by the Group.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   143
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XIII. STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)
                  As at 31 December 2024, the size of unconsolidated structured entities and the Group’s funding and maximum
                  exposure are shown below:

                                                                                                               31 December 2024

                                                                                                                                     Carrying amount
                                                                                    Funding provided           The Group’s                                  Interest held by the
                                                                          Size                                                         of the Group’s
                                                                                        by the Group      maximum exposure                                                Group
                                                                                                                                           investment

                   Pension funds and endowment
                     insurance products managed by the                278,279                        –                        –                       –        Management fee
                     Group

                   Insurance asset management products                                                                                                     Investment income
                                                                      505,223                 142,907                 144,544                  144,135
                     managed by the Group                                                                                                                 and management fee

                   Securities investment funds managed                                                                                                     Investment income
                                                                       99,806                    6,475                   6,497                        –
                     by the Group                                                                                                                         and management fee

                   Insurance asset management products
                                                                       Note 1                 146,094                 151,516                  151,158      Investment income
                     managed by third parties

                   Trust products managed by third parties             Note 1                  58,347                   58,646                  58,564      Investment income

                   Bank wealth management products
                     and asset management products                     Note 1                    9,228                   9,331                   9,331      Investment income
                     managed by third parties

                   Securities investment funds managed
                                                                       Note 1                       59                      37                       37     Investment income
                     by third parties

                   Total                                                                      363,110                 370,571                  363,225

                  Note 1:    These structured entities are sponsored by third party financial institutions and the information related to size of these structured entities was not
                             publicly available.

                  The Group’s interests in unconsolidated structured entities are included in the investment in asset management
                  products, debt investment plans and funds under financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, debt investment
                  plans and trust products under financial assets at amortised cost, and debt investment plans, trust products and
                  long-term equity investments under debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.

       XIV. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                  Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information and information about
                  financial instruments. When an active market exists, such as an authorised securities exchange, the market value is
                  the best reflection of the fair value of financial instruments. For financial instruments where there is no active market,
                  fair value is determined using valuation techniques (Note III 28).
                  The Group’s financial assets mainly include cash at bank and on hand, derivative financial assets, securities purchased
                  under agreements to resell, term deposits, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at
                  amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, equity investments at fair value
                  through other comprehensive income, and restricted statutory deposits, etc.
                  The Group’s financial liabilities mainly include securities sold under agreements to repurchase and bonds payable,
                  etc.




144    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Financial Report
                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XIV. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (continued)

      Fair value of financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value
      The following table summarises the carrying values and estimated fair values of financial assets at amortised cost and




                                                                                                                                                   Operating results
      bonds payable (31 December 2023: financial assets at amortised cost and bonds payable) whose fair values are not
      presented in the consolidated balance sheet.

                                                             31 December 2024                           31 December 2023

                                                     Carrying amount            Fair value      Carrying amount              Fair value

      Financial assets:

            Financial assets at amortised cost               64,844                70,062               82,334                  84,956

      Financial liabilities:

            Bonds payable                                    10,286                10,758               10,285                  10,462


      The carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities approximate their fair values.

XV.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate governance
      Determination of fair value and fair value hierarchy
      All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
      within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy prioritises the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure
      fair value into three broad levels. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is
      categorised in its entirety is determined on the basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement in its entirety.
      The levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
      (1)     Fair value is based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (“Level 1”);
      (2)     Fair value is based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset
              or liability, either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices) (“Level 2”); and
      (3)     Fair value is based on inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable
              inputs) (“Level 3”).




                                                                                                                                                   Other information
      The level of fair value calculation is determined by the lowest level input with material significance in the overall
      calculation. As such, the significance of the input should be considered from an overall perspective in the calculation
      of fair value.
      For Level 2 financial instruments, valuations are generally obtained from third party pricing services for identical or
      comparable assets, or through the use of valuation methodologies using observable market inputs, or recent quoted
      market prices. Valuation service providers typically gather, analyse and interpret information related to market
      transactions and other key valuation model inputs from multiple sources, and through the use of widely accepted
      internal valuation models, provide a theoretical quote on various securities. Debt securities traded among Chinese
      interbank market are classified as Level 2 when they are valued at recent quoted prices from Chinese interbank
      market or from valuation service providers. Substantially most financial instruments classified within Level 2 of
      the fair value hierarchy of the Group are debt investments denominated in RMB. Fair value of debt investments
      denominated in RMB is determined based upon the valuation results by the China Central Depository & Clearing Co.,
      Ltd. All significant inputs are observable in the market.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   145
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XV.        FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)

                  Determination of fair value and fair value hierarchy (continued)
                  For Level 3 financial instruments, prices are determined using valuation methodologies such as discounted cash
                  flow models and other similar techniques. Determination to classify fair value measures within Level 3 of the
                  valuation hierarchy is generally based on the significance of the unobservable factors to the overall fair value
                  measurement, and valuation methodologies such as discounted cash flow models and other similar techniques.
                  The Group’s valuation team may choose to apply internally developed valuation method to the assets or liabilities
                  being measured, determine the main inputs for valuation, and analyse the change of the valuation and report it
                  to management. Key inputs involved in internal valuation services are not based on observable market data. They
                  reflect assumptions made by management based on judgements and experiences.
                  For assets and liabilities that are recognised at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers
                  have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is
                  significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
                  The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities:

                                                                                                 31 December 2024

                                                                                  Level 1        Level 2            Level 3   Total fair value

                   Assets measured at fair value

                   Term deposits measured at fair value                                –               –            132,893          132,893

                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                      – Stocks                                                    178,823              –               190           179,013

                      – Funds                                                      63,249          7,223                 –             70,472

                      – Bonds                                                       8,902        265,045               388           274,335

                      – Others                                                     15,117          4,939            123,323          143,379

                                                                                  266,091        277,207            123,901          667,199

                   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
                     income

                      – Bonds                                                       1,538      1,341,350              3,107        1,345,995

                      – Others                                                         –            851             261,126          261,977

                                                                                    1,538      1,342,201            264,233        1,607,972

                   Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive
                     income

                      – Stocks                                                     71,506              –              4,546            76,052

                      – Preferred stocks                                               –          12,642                 –             12,642

                      – Others                                                       547          18,878             33,895            53,320

                                                                                   72,053         31,520             38,441          142,014

                   Derivative financial assets                                         –             26                  –                 26

                   Liabilities measured at fair value

                   Derivative financial liabilities                                    –             96                  –                 96

                   Assets for which fair values are disclosed

                   Financial assets at amortised cost (Note XIV)                       –          25,765             44,297            70,062

                   Investment properties (Note VI 11)                                  –               –             14,169            14,169

                   Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed (Note XIV)

                   Bonds payable                                                       –               –             10,758            10,758




146    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Financial Report
                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XV.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)

      Determination of fair value and fair value hierarchy (continued)
      The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities (continued):




                                                                                                                                            Operating results
                                                                                    31 December 2023

                                                                     Level 1        Level 2            Level 3   Total fair value

      Assets measured at fair value

      Term deposits measured at fair value                                –              –             131,307          131,307

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

        – Stocks                                                     160,555             –                790           161,345

        – Funds                                                       58,491         7,326                  –             65,817

        – Bonds                                                        9,113       190,384                454           199,951

        – Others                                                      14,482        22,379             117,628          154,489

                                                                     242,641       220,089             118,872          581,602

      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive




                                                                                                                                            Corporate governance
        income

        – Bonds                                                         542        937,447                  –           937,989

        – Others                                                          –            604             308,842          309,446

                                                                        542        938,051             308,842        1,247,435

      Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive
        income

        – Stocks                                                      23,963             –               3,147            27,110

        – Preferred stocks                                                –         12,597                  –             12,597

        – Others                                                          –         28,477              29,781            58,258

                                                                      23,963        41,074              32,928            97,965

      Derivative financial assets                                         –             17                  –                 17

      Liabilities measured at fair value

      Derivative financial liabilities                                    –             21                  –                 21




                                                                                                                                            Other information
      Assets for which fair values are disclosed

      Financial assets at amortised cost (Note XIV)                       –         27,579              57,377            84,956

      Investment properties (Note VI 11)                                  –              –              15,783            15,783

      Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed (Note XIV)

      Bonds payable                                                       –              –              10,462            10,462

      For the year ended 31 December 2024, due to changes in availability of quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets,
      the Group transferred certain bonds between Level 1 and Level 2. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group
      transferred the bonds with a carrying amount of approximately RMB 223 million from Level 1 to Level 2 and no bond
      was transferred from Level 2 to Level 1. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has no bond transferred
      from Level 1 to Level 2 and from Level 2 to Level 1.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   147
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XV.        FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)

                  Determination of fair value and fair value hierarchy (continued)
                  Reconciliation of movements in Level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024

                                                                                                                                     Gains or losses
                                                                                                                  Gains or losses        recognised
                                                   Beginning                          Transferred   Transferred                                         End of
                                                               Increase   Decrease                                 recognised in            in other
                                                     of year                           to Level 3   out Level 3                                           year
                                                                                                                    profit or loss   comprehensive
                                                                                                                                             income

                   Financial assets at fair
                     value through profit           118,872     24,871     (19,878)        3,698             –             (3,662)                –    123,901
                     or loss

                      – Stocks                          790        138        (791)            –             –                 53                 –       190

                      – Bonds                           454          –           –             –             –                (66)                –       388

                      – Others                      117,628     24,733     (19,087)        3,698             –             (3,649)                –    123,323

                   Debt investments at fair
                     value through other            308,842     22,238     (71,711)        3,119             –               (152)            1,897    264,233
                     comprehensive income

                      – Bonds                             –          –           –         3,119             –                  –               (12)     3,107

                      – Others                      308,842     22,238     (71,711)            –             –               (152)            1,909    261,126

                   Equity investments at fair
                     value through other              32,928    10,909      (4,601)            –             –                  –              (795)    38,441
                     comprehensive income

                      – Stocks                         3,147     4,478      (2,117)            –             –                  –              (962)     4,546

                      – Others                        29,781     6,431      (2,484)            –             –                  –               167     33,895




                                                                                                    2023

                                                                                                                                     Gains or losses
                                                                                                                  Gains or losses        recognised
                                                   Beginning                          Transferred   Transferred                                         End of
                                                               Increase   Decrease                                 recognised in            in other
                                                     of year                           to Level 3   out Level 3                                           year
                                                                                                                    profit or loss   comprehensive
                                                                                                                                             income

                   Financial assets at fair
                     value through profit           105,822     34,852     (18,000)           52        (4,396)               542                 –    118,872
                     or loss

                      – Stocks                         8,897     1,327      (5,831)           52        (3,010)              (645)                –       790

                      – Bonds                          2,544         –      (1,281)            –        (1,386)               577                 –       454

                      – Others                        94,381    33,525     (10,888)            –             –                610                 –    117,628

                   Debt investments at fair
                     value through other            342,224     70,736    (105,163)            –        (1,664)              (114)            2,823    308,842
                     comprehensive income

                      – Bonds                          3,119         –      (1,400)            –        (1,664)               (61)                6         –

                      – Others                      339,105     70,736    (103,763)            –             –                (53)            2,817    308,842

                   Equity investments at fair
                     value through other              34,045     5,076      (6,755)            –             –                  –               562     32,928
                     comprehensive income

                      – Stocks                         3,070         –           –             –             –                  –                77      3,147

                      – Others                        30,975     5,076      (6,755)            –             –                  –               485     29,781




148    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                             Financial Report
                                                                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XV.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)

      Valuation techniques
      The fair value of the unquoted debt investments is estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates currently




                                                                                                                                                                        Operating results
      available for debt on similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities, with appropriate adjustment where
      applicable.
      The fair value of the equity investments has been determined using valuation techniques such as discounted cash
      flow method, comparison method of listed companies, recent transaction prices of the same or similar instruments,
      etc., with appropriate adjustments have been made where applicable, for example, for lack of liquidity using option
      pricing models. The valuation requires management to use parameters as unobservable inputs to the model, major
      assumptions include the expected time-to-market of unlisted equity investments, and the major parameters include
      discount rate, etc.
      The fair value of investment properties is determined using discounted cash flow method with unobservable inputs
      including estimated rental value per square metre per month and discount rate, etc. This method involves the
      projection of a series of cash flows from valuation date to economic life maturity date. To this projected cash flow
      series, a market-derived discount rate is applied to establish the present value of the income stream associated with
      the asset.




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate governance
      As at 31 December 2024, the major unobservable parameters of the Group’s major Level 3 financial instruments are
      as follows:

       Valuation method                                     Unobservable inputs                     Range                               Impact on fair value

                                                                                                                         Fair value is inversely proportional
       Discounted cash flow                                         Discount rate           1.45%-39.06%
                                                                                                                                          to the discount rate

                                                                                                                         Fair value is inversely proportional
       Comparable company analysis                              Liquidity discount          0.00%-30.00%
                                                                                                                                     to the liquidity discount

      As at 31 December 2023, the major unobservable parameters of the Group’s major Level 3 financial instruments are
      as follows:

       Valuation method                                     Unobservable inputs                     Range                               Impact on fair value

                                                                                                                         Fair value is inversely proportional
       Discounted cash flow                                         Discount rate           3.00%-15.08%
                                                                                                                                          to the discount rate

                                                                                                                         Fair value is inversely proportional
       Comparable company analysis                              Liquidity discount          0.00%-30.00%
                                                                                                                                     to the liquidity discount




                                                                                                                                                                        Other information
XVI. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
      The Group does not have significant post balance sheet events.

XVII. OTHER IMPORTANT EVENT

1.    Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration
       (in RMB thousand)                                                                                       2024                                     2023

       Fees                                                                                                    1,600                                    1,350

       Other remuneration

         – Salaries, allowances and other short-term benefits                                                  5,311                                    5,526

         – Contributions to defined contribution plans                                                         1,311                                    1,491

         – Deferred bonus (Note)                                                                                   –                                        –




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
         – Other emoluments paid or receivable in respect of director’s
             other services in connection with the management of the                                               –                                        –
             affairs of the company or its subsidiary undertaking

       Sub-total                                                                                               6,622                                    7,017

       Total                                                                                                   8,222                                    8,367

      Note: In order to motivate senior management and certain key employees, the Group operates deferred bonus plans.




                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   149
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XVII. OTHER IMPORTANT EVENT (continued)

       1.         Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (continued)
                  (1) Independent non-executive directors
                        Included in the fees is an amount of RMB 1,600 thousand paid to independent non-executive directors for the
                        year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB 1,350 thousand). There were no other emoluments payable to the
                        independent non-executive directors during the year ended 31 December 2024.

                                                                                                                    2024

                                                                                                                                         Other emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                           receivable in respect of
                                                                                                 Salaries,
                            (in RMB thousand)                                                                        Contributions        director’s other services
                                                                                 Deferred allowances and
                                                                   Fees                                                  to defined         in connection with the    Total
                                                                                   bonus other short-term
                                                                                                                 contribution plans      management of the affairs
                                                                                                 benefits
                                                                                                                                             of the company or its
                                                                                                                                            subsidiary undertaking

                            LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth                 350                  –                   –                       –                           –     350

                            CHEN Jizhong   1
                                                                      –                  –                   –                       –                           –       –

                            JIANG Xuping                            350                  –                   –                       –                           –     350

                            LIU Xiaodan                             350                  –                   –                       –                           –     350

                            CHIN Hung-i, David     2
                                                                    250                  –                   –                       –                           –     250

                            LO Yuen Man, Elaine                     300                  –                   –                       –                           –     300

                                                                  1,600                  –                   –                       –                           –    1,600

                        1
                              In February 2024, Mr. CHEN Jizhong ceased to serve as the independent non-executive director.

                        2
                              In February 2024, Mr. CHIN Hung-i, David started to serve as the independent non-executive director.

                                                                                                                    2023

                                                                                                                                         Other emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                           receivable in respect of
                                                                                                 Salaries,
                            (in RMB thousand)                                                                        Contributions        director’s other services
                                                                                 Deferred allowances and
                                                                   Fees                                                  to defined         in connection with the    Total
                                                                                   bonus other short-term
                                                                                                                 contribution plans      management of the affairs
                                                                                                 benefits
                                                                                                                                             of the company or its
                                                                                                                                            subsidiary undertaking

                            LAM Tyng Yih, Elizabeth                 350                  –                   –                       –                           –     350

                            CHEN Jizhong                              –                  –                   –                       –                           –       –

                            JIANG Xuping                            350                  –                   –                       –                           –     350

                            LIU Xiaodan                             350                  –                   –                       –                           –     350

                            WOO Ka Biu, Jackson                     175                  –                   –                       –                           –     175

                            LO Yuen Man, Elaine                     125                  –                   –                       –                           –     125

                                                                  1,350                  –                   –                       –                           –    1,350




150    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                Financial Report
                                                                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XVII. OTHER IMPORTANT EVENT (continued)

1.   Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (continued)
     (2) Executive directors and non-executive directors




                                                                                                                                                                           Operating results
                                                                                                      2024

                                                                                                                 Other emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                   receivable in respect of
                                                                             Salaries,
            (in RMB thousand)                                                                Contributions        director’s other services
                                                      Deferred        allowances and
                                                                                                 to defined         in connection with the                Total
                                                        bonus        other short-term
                                                                                         contribution plans      management of the affairs
                                                                             benefits
                                                                                                                     of the company or its
                                                                                                                    subsidiary undertaking

            Executive directors:

              KONG Qingwei1,2                                 –                    71                     31                                –               102

              FU Fan1                                         –                   857                    365                                –             1,222

              ZHAO Yonggang1,3                                –                 1,015                    366                                –             1,381

            Non-executive directors:




                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate governance
              HUANG Dinan                                     –                      –                       –                              –                 –

              CHEN Ran                                        –                   300                        –                              –               300

              WU Junhao4                                      –                      –                       –                              –                 –

              WANG Tayu                                       –                   300                        –                              –               300

              ZHOU Donghui                                    –                      –                       –                              –                 –

              John Robert Dacey                               –                      –                       –                              –                 –

              LU Qiaoling                                     –                   300                        –                              –               300

              XIE Weiqing5                                    –                      –                       –                              –                 –

              CAI Qiang   5
                                                              –                    75                        –                              –                75

                                                              –                 2,918                    762                                –             3,680

        1
              The final amount of remuneration of Mr. KONG Qingwei, Mr. FU Fan and Mr. ZHAO Yonggang is yet to be reviewed and approved. The final
              remuneration will be disclosed when confirmed.




                                                                                                                                                                           Other information
        2
               In January 2024, Mr. KONG Qingwei ceased to serve as executive director of the Company due to his age.

        3
               In April 2024, Mr. ZHAO Yonggang served as executive director of the Company.

        4
              In February 2024, due to the expiration of his term of office, Mr. WU Junhao ceased to serve as a non-executive director of the Company.

        5
              In September 2024, Mr. XIE Weiqing and Mr. CAI Qiang served as non-executive directors of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report




                                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report   151
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XVII. OTHER IMPORTANT EVENT (continued)

       1.         Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (continued)
                  (2) Executive directors and non-executive directors (continued)

                                                                                                                     2023

                                                                                                                                 Other emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                   receivable in respect of
                                                                                             Salaries,
                            (in RMB thousand)                                                                Contributions        director’s other services
                                                                      Deferred        allowances and
                                                                                                                 to defined         in connection with the              Total
                                                                        bonus        other short-term
                                                                                                         contribution plans      management of the affairs
                                                                                             benefits
                                                                                                                                     of the company or its
                                                                                                                                    subsidiary undertaking

                            Executive directors:

                              KONG Qingwei1                                   –                   856                   373                                –            1,229

                              FU Fan                                          –                 1,015                   373                                –            1,388

                            Non-executive directors:

                              HUANG Dinan                                     –                     –                       –                              –                –

                              CHEN Ran                                        –                   300                       –                              –              300

                              WU Junhao                                       –                     –                       –                              –                –

                              WANG Tayu                                       –                   300                       –                              –              300

                              ZHOU Donghui                                    –                     –                       –                              –                –

                              John Robert Dacey                               –                     –                       –                              –                –

                              LU Qiaoling                                     –                   300                       –                              –              300

                                                                              –                 2,771                   746                                –            3,517

                        1
                              For the remuneration of executive directors and non-executive directors disclosed above, in accordance with the requirements of relevant policies,
                              and after assessment and confirmation by the competent authorities, the supplemental disclosure of the remuneration of the relevant personnel
                              during the relevant tenure in the Company in 2023, excluding the amount disclosed above, is as follows: Mr. KONG Qingwei RMB 0.796 million
                              (before tax).

                        Pursuant to the resolution of the 2018 annual general meeting, the allowance for each of the existing directors
                        (excluding executive directors) is RMB 300,000 (before tax) per year. The 2018 annual general meeting also
                        resolved to grant an additional allowance of RMB 50,000 (before tax) per year to each of those directors who
                        take the role of chairman in special committees established under the board of directors. Mr. HUANG Dinan,
                        Mr. WU Junhao, Mr XIE Weiqing, Mr. ZHOU Donghui and Mr. John Robert Dacey, the non-executive director,
                        waived remuneration during 2024 (2023: Mr. HUANG Dinan, Mr. WU Junhao, Mr. ZHOU Donghui and Mr. John
                        Robert Dacey). Mr. CHEN Jizhong, the independent non-executive director, temporarily waived remuneration
                        during 2024 (2023: Mr. CHEN Jizhong). Except for Mr. HUANG Dinan, Mr. WU Junhao, Mr. XIE Weiqing, Mr. ZHOU
                        Donghui, Mr. John Robert Dacey and Mr. CHEN Jizhong, there was no other arrangement under which a director
                        waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during 2024.




152    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report
                                                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XVII. OTHER IMPORTANT EVENT (continued)

1.   Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (continued)
     (3) Supervisors




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating results
                                                                                                      2024

                                                                                                                 Other emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                   receivable in respect of
                                                                             Salaries,
            (in RMB thousand)                                                                Contributions        director’s other services
                                                      Deferred        allowances and
                                                                                                 to defined         in connection with the                  Total
                                                        bonus        other short-term
                                                                                         contribution plans      management of the affairs
                                                                             benefits
                                                                                                                     of the company or its
                                                                                                                    subsidiary undertaking

            ZHU Yonghong                                      –                      –                       –                                –                 –

            JI Zhengrong   1,2
                                                              –                   128                     62                                  –               190

            ZHOU Liyun1,4                                     –                   257                    122                                  –               379

            LU Ning3                                          –                      –                       –                                –                 –

            DONG Zhiqiang        4
                                                              –                      –                       –                                –                 –




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate governance
            GU Qiang                                          –                 2,008                    365                                  –             2,373

                                                              –                 2,393                    549                                  –             2,942

        1
              The final amount of remuneration of Mr. JI Zhengrong and Ms ZHOU Liyun are yet to be reviewed and approved. The final remuneration will be
              disclosed when confirmed.

        2
              In February 2024, Mr. JI Zhengrong ceased to serve as supervisor of the Company due to his age.

        3
              In September 2024, due to the expiration of his term of office, Mr. LU Ning ceased to serve as the supervisor of the Company.

        4
              In September 2024, Ms. ZHOU Liyun and Mr. DONG Zhiqiang served as supervisors of the Company.

                                                                                                      2023

                                                                                                                 Other emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                   receivable in respect of
                                                                             Salaries,
            (in RMB thousand)                                                                Contributions        director’s other services
                                                      Deferred        allowances and
                                                                                                 to defined         in connection with the                  Total
                                                        bonus        other short-term
                                                                                         contribution plans      management of the affairs
                                                                             benefits
                                                                                                                     of the company or its




                                                                                                                                                                             Other information
                                                                                                                    subsidiary undertaking

            ZHU Yonghong                                      –                      –                       –                                –                 –

            JI Zhengrong                                      –                   771                    373                                  –             1,144

            LU Ning                                           –                      –                       –                                –                 –

            GU Qiang                                          –                 1,983                    373                                  –             2,356

                                                              –                 2,754                    746                                  –             3,500

        Pursuant to the resolution of the 2018 annual general meeting, the allowance for each of the existing supervisors
        (excluding employees’ representative supervisors) is RMB 300,000 (before tax) per year. Mr. ZHU Yonghong,
        Mr. LU Ning and Mr. DONG Zhiqiang, the supervisor, had waived remuneration during 2024. Except for Mr. ZHU
        Yonghong, Mr. LU Ning and Mr. DONG Zhiqiang, the supervisor, there was no other arrangement under which a
        supervisor waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during 2024 (2023: ZHU Yonghong and LU Ning).




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report   153
      Financial Report
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




       XVII. OTHER IMPORTANT EVENT (continued)

       1.         Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (continued)
                  (4) Directors’ retirement benefits
                        There were no retirement benefits paid to directors during 2024 and 2023.
                  (5) Directors’ termination benefits
                        There were no termination benefits paid to directors during 2024 and 2023.
                  (6) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
                        There were no payments to third parties for making available directors’ services during 2024 and 2023.
                  (7) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate by
                      and connected entities with such directors
                        There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and
                        connected entities with such directors entered into by the company or subsidiary undertaking of the Company
                        during 2024 and 2023.
                  (8) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
                        There were no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which
                        the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                        indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

       2.         Five highest paid individuals
                  The five individuals whose remuneration were the highest for the year ended 31 December 2024 in the Group
                  include no director (2023: no director) whose emoluments were reflected in the analysis presented in Note XVII 1.
                  The number of non-directors, highest paid individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands is set out
                  below:

                                                                                                         2024                    2023

                   HKD 3,500,001 to HKD 4,000,000                                                           1                       –

                   HKD 4,000,001 to HKD 4,500,000                                                           3                       –

                   HKD 4,500,001 to HKD 5,000,000                                                           1                       –

                   HKD 5,000,001 to HKD 5,500,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 5,500,001 to HKD 6,000,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 6,000,001 to HKD 6,500,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 6,500,001 to HKD 7,000,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 7,000,001 to HKD 7,500,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 7,500,001 to HKD 8,000,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 8,000,001 to HKD 8,500,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 8,500,001 to HKD 9,000,000                                                           –                       –

                   HKD 9,000,001 to HKD 9,500,000                                                           –                       2

                   HKD 9,500,001 to HKD 10,000,000                                                          –                       2

                   HKD 10,000,001 to HKD 10,500,000                                                         –                       –

                   HKD 10,500,001 to HKD 11,000,000                                                         –                       –

                   HKD 11,000,001 to HKD 11,500,000                                                         –                       –

                   HKD 11,500,001 to HKD 12,000,000                                                         –                       –

                   HKD 12,000,001 to HKD 12,500,000                                                         –                       –

                   HKD 12,500,001 to HKD 13,000,000                                                         –                       1

                   Total                                                                                    5                       5




154    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




XVII. OTHER IMPORTANT EVENT (continued)

2.   Five highest paid individuals (continued)
     Details of the remuneration of the highest paid non-director individuals are as follows:




                                                                                                                                          Operating results
     (in RMB thousand)                                                                   2024                            2023

     Salaries, allowances and other short-term benefits                                 8,370                          16,728

     Discretionary bonuses                                                              8,699                          27,184

     Contributions to defined contribution plans                                        2,260                            2,737

                                                                                       19,329                          46,649

     The number of non-director individuals for the above remuneration                      5                                5


XVIII. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors of the Company on
     26 March 2025.
     According to the Articles of Association of the Company, these consolidated financial statements will be submitted




                                                                                                                                          Corporate governance
     for the approval of the general shareholders’ meeting.




                                                                                                                                          Other information




                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                               2024 Annual Report   155
     Financial Report
     APPENDIX: SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      APPENDIX: SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
      TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                                     (All amounts expressed in RMB million unless otherwise specified)


      I.         NET ASSET RETURN AND EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                        2024

                                                                                    Weighted average return               Earnings per share (RMB Yuan)
                                                                                              on net assets                           Basic                  Diluted

                  Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent                              16.6%                             4.67                     4.67

                  Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent net
                                                                                                     16.6%                             4.67                     4.67
                    of non-recurring profit or loss

                 The Company had no dilutive potential ordinary shares in 2024.

                                                                                                                        2023

                                                                                    Weighted average return               Earnings per share (RMB Yuan)
                                                                                              on net assets                           Basic                  Diluted

                  Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent                              11.4%                             2.83                     2.83

                  Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent net
                                                                                                     11.4%                             2.82                     2.82
                    of non-recurring profit or loss

                 Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent net of non-recurring profit or loss are listed as follows:

                                                                                                                             2024                              2023

                  Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent                                                    44,960                            27,257

                  Add/(Less): Non-recurring profit or loss items

                  Government grants recognised in current profit or loss                                                       (220)                            (219)

                  Gains on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term
                                                                                                                                 (2)                             (23)
                    assets, including write-off of provision for assets impairment

                  Custody fees of entrusted operation                                                                            (5)                             (62)

                  Other net non-operating income and expenses other than aforesaid items                                       161                              128

                  Effect of income tax relating to non-recurring profit or loss                                                  32                               53

                  Net profit less non-recurring gains                                                                      44,926                            27,134

                  Less: Net non-recurring profit or loss attributable to non-controlling interests                                –                                1

                  Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent net of non-recurring
                    profit or loss                                                                                         44,926                            27,135

                 It is implemented in accordance with the provisions of the Explanatory Announcement No. 1 on Information Disclosure of
                 the Companies Issuing Securities Publicly – Non-Recurring Profit or Loss (Revised in 2023) issued by the China Securities
                 Regulatory Commission in December 2023.




A1    China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd.
                              You may acquire this report and other disclosed company results by:




                                      Website            Smart phone APP   Electronic version of this report




中國上海市黃浦區中山南路1號
1 South Zhongshan Road, Huangpu, Shanghai, PR China
郵編(Zip): 200010
電話(Tel): +86-21-58767282
傳真(Fax): +86-21-68870791                                                                       This annual report is printed on environment-friendly paper.
