                     stock code : 000063.SZ   00763.HK




Annual Report 2025




                                                         ANNUAL REPORT   2025
Important

1.   The Board of Directors and the Directors and senior management of the
     Company confirm that the contents of this report are true, accurate
     and complete without any false information, misleading statements or
     material omissions, and collectively and individually accept legal
     responsibility therefor.

2.   This report has been considered and approved at the Twenty-first
     Meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the
     Company held on 6 March 2026. All directors have attended the
     meeting in person.

3.   Mr. Xu Ziyang, Legal Representative of the Company, Ms. Li Ying, Chief
     Financial Officer of the Company and Ms. Wang Xiuhong, Head of
     Finance Division of the Company, hereby declare that they warrant the
     truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial reports
     contained in this report.

4.   The annual financial reports of the Group for 2025 have been audited
     by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, which has issued an unqualified
     auditors’ report in connection therewith.

5.   The Company’s proposal for profit distribution for 2025 is as follows:
     distribution of RMB4.11 in cash (before tax) for every 10 shares to all
     shareholders based on the total share capital as at the record date for
     profit distribution and dividend payment. The aforesaid matter is
     subject to consideration and approval at the general meeting.

6.   This report contains forward-looking statements in relation to subjects
     such as future plans and development strategies, which do not
     constitute any specific undertakings to investors by the Company.
     Investors’ attention is drawn to the description of potential risks
     inherent in the operations of the Company in this report and they are
     asked to beware of investment risks.

7.   All monetary amounts set out in this report are denominated in RMB
     unless otherwise specified.

8.   This report has been prepared in Chinese and English, respectively. In
     case of any ambiguity in meaning, the Chinese version shall prevail.
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                             Chair’s Statement

    Dear Shareholders:


    I hereby present the 2025 annual
    report of ZTE on behalf of the Board
    of Directors of the Company and
    express sincere appreciation to all
    shareholders, global customers and
    partners and the public for their
    longstanding concern and support
    for ZTE!

    Fang Rong
    Chair
    ZTE




In retrospect of 2025, the Company has taken solid          core competence in brand, channel and business
steps in the implementation of its new strategy of          ecosphere. Such are the challenges that the Company
“connectivity + computing”, as our operating revenue        must tackle head-on.
were back on a growth track. In connection with the
network business, we continued to make intensive            As the Company remains firmly committed to its initial
efforts to consolidate its position as an “anchor”          aspirations, its intelligent computing super node and
business of the Company. In the computing business,         “Co-Sight super AI agent” have been awarded the
we were making breakthroughs with leading customers         highest SAIL honour and the top position on the open-
on an ongoing basis as this segment became a “new           source league, respectively, as testimonies to the
engine” for growth. In terms of the terminal business,      steadfast footprint left by its exceptionally strong effort
the industry’s first AI agent smartphone has been           in R&D. Our inclusion in the CDP Climate A List for
launched in association with our partners in a bid to       leadership in combating climate change for three years
investigate “new entry points” for applications. The Red    in a row has also underpinned our tireless effort in
Magic handset has achieved breakthroughs in the             green development. Year 2025 also marked the 20th
international market, maintaining its leading position in   anniversary of our charity project of caring for veteran
the e-sports segment. Meanwhile, we are well aware          soldiers from the Anti-Japanese War living in western
that profitability has been under pressure amidst the       Yunnan. Mr. Hou Weigui, founder of the Company,
transition of industry cycles coupled with adjustments      visited western Yunnan again during the year. This
in the business structure. Our product competitiveness      commitment to watch out for others which has lasted
must be enhanced on an ongoing basis, as must our




                                                                                                                     1
ZTE CORPORATION




Chair’s Statement


through the years is a genuine manifestation of the         “Profit growth through quality enhancement” is an
deepest sense of responsibility and compassion in the       unavoidable path for meaningful business
DNA of ZTE.                                                 breakthroughs. The overseas market continues to hold
                                                            out immense potential. We need to make intensive
Looking to 2026, we will be standing at the crossroad       efforts in our existing markets while seizing
embracing restless times. The international                 opportunities presented by big Ts of large nations and
environment is complex and volatile with notably            overseas business expansion of Chinese companies to
increasing factors of uncertainty. In China, with the       achieve stable operation. In the domestic carriers’
unfolding of the grand blueprint of the “15th Five Year     market, we must stabilise the network patten and
Period”, technological innovations such as AI and           identify further scenario demands in order to expand
5G-A will catalyse the birth of new business formats.       room for growth and increment. In the government and
Meanwhile, investment in networks will remain subject       corporate market, we should seize opportunities
to the impact of industry cycles, while the formation of    associated with the development of intelligent
a commercial closed-loop for the intelligent computing      computing whilst seeking balance in business scale
business will take time. Given such challenges as well      and profitability. For the terminal business, we should
as opportunities, ZTE will remain committed to the          advance our expansion in the overseas large-nation
philosophy of “seeking business prosperity through          markets with resolute effort and enhance our
harmony and collaboration and profit growth through         capabilities in integrated operation and brand building.
quality enhancement” to ensure stable and sustainable       Domestically, we should develop AI technologies for
development.                                                the terminal with full-gear efforts and vigorously
                                                            investigate new terminal forms. Innovation as business
“Seeking business prosperity through harmony and
                                                            driver should be further enhanced, as the integration
cooperation” is the source of strength for
                                                            across different professions and academic disciplines
overcoming hurdles and difficulties. “Harmony and
                                                            has become a hallmark of the AI era. We should
cooperation“is based on our fine cultural DNA of
                                                            develop integrated solutions for the empowerment of
mutual respect. It is a wisdom shared by all
                                                            customers, with a view to delivering value for all. We
inhabitants of this Earth, as the co-existence and co-
                                                            must firmly adhere to the primary principle of quality,
prosperity of all is owed to the magnanimity of the
                                                            seeking to enhance efficiency through quality and
spirit of “harmony in diversity”. The Company will
                                                            increase profitability through quality enhancement. We
optimise its business portfolio and resource allocation
                                                            should steer through the period of cyclical transitions
in accordance with the principle of “large market
                                                            for the industry in stability and composure and
capacity, high level of sophistication, high growth
                                                            respond well to the challenge of times.
potential and good profitability”. We are resolved to
further focus on our core strategy, so that we could        Standing at the forefront of the onrushing trend, we will
break bottlenecks in innovation with concerted efforts.     face the challenges head-on and race with
We intend to incentivise and empower our junior-level       determination towards the strategic goal of becoming a
staff teams, with a view to invigorating the organisation   “leader in network connectivity and intelligent
and unleashing potential for innovation. We will also       computing”. The Company will live up to the times and
seek to expand our “circle of friends”, making              explore pathways of development with undaunted
improvements to the open ecosphere based on root            vigour, staying focused on its strategic direction and
technologies as the inner core and aspiring to make         drawing on resources from far and wide with open-
our way into the first quadrant of the intelligent          mindedness. Together, we will embrace the digital and
computing business. Meanwhile, we will continue to          intelligent future for qualitative development!
operate in line with the principles of low-carbon green
development and usher in the digital and intelligent
future of sustainability in a joint effort, in firm
adherence to our initial aspiration of using
technologies for good causes.




                                                                                                         Fang Rong
                                                                                                              Chair
                                                                                                               ZTE




2
     CONTENTS

4     Definitions


5     Glossary

      I.     Corporate Information and Summary of Major
8
               Financial Data

12    II.    Report of the Board of Directors

      III.   Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance
58
               and Social Responsibility

101   IV.    Material Matters

111   V.     Information on Bonds

116   VI.    Financial Reports

264   Documents Available for Inspection
ZTE CORPORATION




Definitions
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below.
Certain other terms are explained in the section headed “Glossary.”

Company or ZTE         ZTE Corporation, a limited company incorporated in China, the shares of which are listed
                       on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, respectively

Group                  ZTE and its subsidiaries

CSRC                   China Securities Regulatory Commission

Shenzhen Stock         The Shenzhen Stock Exchange
  Exchange

Hong Kong Stock        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
 Exchange

Company Law            Company Law of the People’s Republic of China

Companies              Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of Hong Kong)
 Ordinance

SFO                    Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

Shenzhen Listing       Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
  Rules

Hong Kong Listing      Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
 Rules

Articles of Association ZTE Corporation Articles of Association (April 2025)

The Reporting Period   1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025




4
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                               Glossary
This glossary contains definitions of certain technical terms used in this report as they relate to the Group. Some
of these definitions may not correspond to standard industry definitions or usage.

AAU                    Active Antenna Unit, the principal equipment at a 5G base station mainly responsible for
                       receiving and transmitting 5G radio frequency signals.

AI-UPF                 Network element created by optimising and enhancing traditional UPF (User Plane
                       Function) with AI technology, which is capable of deep identification of tasks and
                       accurate measurement of task experience on the back of a built-in AI engine and model
                       modulation, thereby providing a basis for upper-level business operation that aims to add
                       value through differentiation.

AI Agent               Artificial intelligence agent (or intelligent agent) is a computer system or programme
                       capable of sensing the environment, making decisions and taking actions to achieve
                       specific goals.

AgentGuard             Execution of definitive closed-loop assurance based on compound assurance strategies
                       generated through agent task identification facilitated by endogenous intelligence of 5G-A
                       base station, which facilitates swift and smooth completion of tasks by the agent.
                       Through the AgentGuard solution, the service model of traditional networks based on
                       simple rules is transformed into an intelligent compound service model built around the
                       task agent and capable of providing response as demanded.

Co-Sight               Super open-source AI agent platform launched by ZTE as the core carrier and intelligent
                       automated infrastructure for vision coordination analysis, designed to provide solutions for
                       intelligentised transformation and upgrade of corporations.

CPE                    Customer Premise(s) Equipment, a connecting and handling equipment deployed on the
                       customer end during the provision of service to users.

C+L                    C+L wavelength (Conventional band and Long-wavelength band), the two commonly used
                       wavelength-division frequency bands in the usable wavelengths of optical fibre. In the
                       DWDM system, the C band has already been put to wide applications, while with the
                       increasing demand for bandwidth, the L band has now also been put to trial runs for
                       commercial applications.

DCO                    Digital Coherent Optics, a long-distance and large-capacity data transmission technology
                       enabled by the integrated coherent modulator and the digital signal processor, supporting
                       speeds of 100G or above and widely used in scenarios such as metropolitan area
                       network and data centre interconnects.

DPU                    Data Processing Unit, a specialised processor for the data centre providing functions
                       such as SD network, SD storage and SD accelerator to solve loading required by
                       protocol processing, data security and computing acceleration, offering better
                       performance than CPU in data IO (input/output) processing.

DSP                    Digital Signal Processor, a special micro-processor designed for the execution of digital
                       signal processing and computing capable of rapid and accurate computing of large
                       volumes of digital signals through customised hardware architecture and command sets,
                       allowing ultimate adaptation in computing efficiency, real-time response and power
                       consumption control for signal processing scenarios.

EDN                    Enhanced Deterministic Networking is a deterministic network technology catered to the
                       increase in demand for large-scale network. It is capable of meeting diversified
                       requirements for categorisation and classification and differentiated SLA (service level
                       agreement) indicators and providing heterogeneous inter-connection across management
                       areas as well as end-to-end deterministic assurance service.




                                                                                                                 5
ZTE CORPORATION




Glossary


FTTR              FTTR (Fiber to The Room) is a networking mode connecting different indoor APs (Access
                  Point) with the indoor all-optical node through optical fibre to achieve a 1000M+
                  coverage throughout the house.

MCP Server        The service end of a standardised intermediary unit in the Model Context Protocol which
                  seals external capacities into three standardised interfaces (tools/resources/prompts),
                  allowing the large language model (LLM) to modulate external functions and acquire real-
                  time context without self-defining integration. It is a core component for the access of AI
                  Agent to corporate systems.

NEF               Network Exposure Function, a core network element on the control plane of the 5G core
                  network service architecture which provides access to the network capacity of 5G core
                  networks to authorised applications through the standardised API (Application
                  Programming Interface) and safety mechanism, while at the same time receiving in
                  reverse strategic recommendations from the applications for transmission to the core
                  network element to facilitate two-way coordination between the network and the
                  applications.

NTN               Non-terrestrial Network, which facilitates 5G communication through satellites or high-
                  altitude platform systems. NTN could cover remote areas, such as mountains, deserts
                  and oceans, that terrestrial networks could not reach, hence further enhancing the
                  coverage of 5G networks. NTN comprises IoT-NTN and NR-NTN. IoT-NTN supports
                  satellite-based interconnection of IoT terminals, while NR-NTN adopts 5G NR which
                  enables smartphones to be directly linked to satellites.

NWDAF             Network Data Analytics Function is network element for data sensing analysis as defined
                  under the standardisation organisation 3GPP. It carries out automatic sensing and
                  analysis of the network based on network data and is utilised in the full life cycle of
                  network planning, construction, maintenance, optimisation and operation, so as to
                  facilitate ease in the maintenance and control of the network and enhancement in the
                  efficiency of network resource utilisation for improved user experience.

OCS               Optical Circuit Switching, direct switching of the optical signal pathway in the optical
                  domain without photoelectric conversion to facilitate full-optical interconnection with low
                  latency, high bandwidth and low power consumption. It is applied in high-bandwidth and
                  low latency scenarios such as AI computing cluster, super computer and data centre.

OTN               Optical Transport Network, a network that facilitates reliable and efficient network
                  communication and transmission within the optical zone organisational network based on
                  DWDM technology.

PAV               Power Availability Value.

PON               Passive Optical Network, a network that provides optical access services to users
                  through the use of passive optical network technology and facilitates conservation of
                  optical fibre resources on the main line through the adoption of a point-to-multipoint
                  topological structure. It also offers traffic management and security control functions.

RDMA              Remote Direct Memory Access is the direct access of the internally stored data of a
                  computer by another computer via a network interface without the intervention of the
                  operating system core, thereby reducing latency in network data transmission.

RRU               Radio Remote Unit. The base station is separated into two parts: the radio server and
                  radio remote unit, the latter of which is installed at the antenna to process radio signals.




6
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                       Glossary


Scale-Up               Vertical scalability, which refers to the improvement of the performance of a standalone
                       unit through hardware upgrade of a standalone server and standalone node to support
                       greater business loading. It is the “vertical enhancement” of the hardware layer.

Scale-Out              Horizontal scalability, which refers to the addition of new standalone servers, nodes or
                       storage equipment to build a distributed cluster for the allocation of business loading,
                       date storage and computing tasks to different nodes and facilitate expansion in overall
                       performance and capacity.

SoC                    System on Chip, an integrated circuit with a designated purpose, comprising a complete
                       system and all contents of embedded software.

S+C+L                  S+C+L wavelength (Short-wavelength band, Conventional band, and Long-wavelength
                       band) refers to the three common wavelength division bands in the available wavelength
                       of optical fibre. The facilitating of massive expansion of single fibre capacity and
                       bandwidth by combining three wavelength bands with low loss rates represents a core
                       direction in the evolution of optical communication towards ultra-broadband.

TCO                    Total Cost of Ownership.

Large Model            Machinery learning model with large-scale parameters and complex computing structures,
                       usually formed by deep neutral networks with billions or hundred billions of parameters.
                       Large Models are designed to enhance the expressive ability and estimate function of
                       models, so that it can process more complex tasks and data.

Multi-mode             Multiple information sources or forms of expression, such as text, graphic, audio and
                       video.

Indirect evaporative   A mode of heat exchange that utilises vaporised latent heat to facilitate the lowering of
  cooling              temperature without direct contact between cooled air and water/moist air such that heat
                       transfer takes place without mass exchange. It is a type of evaporative cooling
                       technology distinct from direct evaporative cooling (where water comes into direct contact
                       with air, lowering temperature while increasing air humidity).

Cold-plate liquid      A contactless liquid cooling technology using liquid as the heat transfer medium. As the
 cooling               liquid flows along the internal channel of the cold plate, heat transfer would facilitate
                       cooling of the heat source.

Immersive liquid       Full immersion of heating components into circulating and insulating cooling liquid, such
  cooling              that heat emitting from the equipment is directly transferred to the cooling liquid, while
                       circulation and heat exchange of the cooling liquid is facilitated through natural
                       convection or pump drive.

Digital Twin           Creation of a virtual and dynamic digital model for a physical reality (a product,
                       equipment, system, process or even city) by building real-time connection and mirroring
                       between the physical world and the virtual world.

Communication-         Network that offers both spatial sense and communication capabilities and acquires
 sense integration     senses of targets or the environment by analysing the transmission of wireless signals.

Live network           Online data computing carried out simultaneously with the process of data transmission
  computing            to reduce communication latency and increase overall computing efficiency.




                                                                                                               7
ZTE CORPORATION




I. Corporate Information and Summary of Major Financial Data
1.1   CORPORATE INFORMATION

      1.1.1   Information on the Company
              Legal name (in Chinese)             中興通訊股份有限公司
              Chinese abbreviation                中興通訊
              Legal name (in English)             ZTE Corporation
              English abbreviation                ZTE
              Legal representative                Xu Ziyang
              Registered and office address       ZTE Plaza, Keji Road South, Hi-Tech Industrial Park,
                                                  Nanshan District,
                                                  Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
                                                  The People’s Republic of China
              Postal code                         518057
              Uniform social credit code          9144030027939873X7
              Website                             http://www.zte.com.cn

      1.1.2   Principal operations                The Company is a world-leading provider of integrated ICT
                                                  solutions with a complete range of end-to-end ICT products and
                                                  solutions integrating design, development, production, sales and
                                                  services with a special focus on carriers’ networks, government
                                                  and corporate business and consumer business. There was no
                                                  significant change to the principal businesses of the Group
                                                  during the Reporting Period.

      1.1.3   Share-listing information
              A shares                            Listed on the main board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on
                                                  18 November 1997
                                                  Abbreviated name of stock: 中興通訊
                                                  Stock code: 000063

              H shares                            Listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
                                                  9 December 2004
                                                  Abbreviated name of stock: ZTE
                                                  Stock code: 00763

      1.1.4   Contact persons and means of
              contact
              Authorised representative at        Xu Ziyang, Ding Jianzhong
                Hong Kong Stock Exchange
              Secretary to the Board of           Ding Jianzhong
                Directors/Company Secretary
              Securities affairs representative   Qian Yu
              Correspondence address              No. 55, Keji Road South, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, The
                                                  People’s Republic of China
              Telephone                           0755 26770282
              Facsimile                           0755 26770286
              E-mail                              IR@zte.com.cn
              Principal place of business in      31/F, Tower Two, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway
                Hong Kong                         Bay, Hong Kong




8
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                I. Corporate Information and Summary of Major Financial Data


      1.1.5    Information disclosure and
               location
               Media designated for information       China Securities Journal, Securities Times, Shanghai Securities
                 disclosure by the Company            News
               Authorised websites for enquiries      http://www.cninfo.com.cn
                 about this report                    http://www.hkexnews.hk
               Place where this report is available   No. 55, Keji Road South, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, The
                 for inspection                       People’s Republic of China

      1.1.6    Intermediaries
               Hong Kong share registrar and          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                 transfer office                      Shops 1712–16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
                                                      183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong

               Legal adviser in Mainland China        Beijing Jun He Law Offices
                                                      20th Floor, China Resources Building,
                                                      8 Jianguomen North Street, Beijing,
                                                      The People’s Republic of China

               Hong Kong legal adviser                Paul Hastings (Hong Kong) LLP
                                                      22/F, Bank of China Tower, 1 Garden Road, Hong Kong

               Auditor                                Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
                                                      Level 17, Ernst & Young Tower, Oriental Plaza,
                                                      No.1 East Chang An Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing,
                                                      The People’s Republic of China
                                                      Signing accountants: Liao Wenjia, He Suwei

1.2   SUMMARY OF MAJOR FINANCIAL DATA

      1.2.1 Accounting standards adopted

              The Company prepares its financial report and discloses relevant financial information in accordance
              with PRC ASBEs. Hence there is no difference in accounting data arising from the adoption of both
              domestic and international accounting standards.

      1.2.2 Changes in accounting policies and accounting estimates and rectification of accounting errors

              □ Applicable   √ N/A




                                                                                                                        9
ZTE CORPORATION




I. Corporate Information and Summary of Major Financial Data


     1.2.3 Major accounting data and financial indicators of the Group for the past three years

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                                  Year-on-year
           Item                                                     2025                2024           change                   2023
           Operating results
           Operating revenue                                  133,895.5           121,298.8              10.38%           124,250.9
           Net profit attributable to holders of
            ordinary shares of the listed
            company                                              5,617.7             8,424.8            (33.32%)             9,325.8
           Net profit after extraordinary items
            attributable to holders of ordinary
            shares of the listed company                         3,370.4             6,179.1            (45.45%)             7,399.6
           Net cash flows from operating
            activities                                           3,918.7            11,479.8            (65.86%)            17,405.7
           Size
           Total assets                                       217,739.4           207,323.2               5.02%           200,958.3
           Total liabilities                                  142,098.1           134,212.9               5.88%           132,626.9
           Owners’ equity attributable to
             holders of ordinary shares of the
             listed company                                     75,425.6            72,808.5              3.59%             68,008.3
           Per share basis
             (RMB/share)
           Basic earnings per share                                  1.17                1.76           (33.52%)                 1.96
           Diluted earnings per share Note                           1.16                1.76           (34.09%)                 1.96
           Basic earnings per share after
             extraordinary items                                     0.70                1.29           (45.74%)                 1.55
           Net cash flows from operating
             activities per share                                    0.82                2.40           (65.83%)                 3.64
           Net asset per share attributable to
             holders of ordinary shares of the
             listed company                                         15.77               15.22             3.61%                14.22
           Financial ratios (%)
                                                                                                 Decreased by
                                                                                                           4.39
           Weighted average return on net                                                           percentage
            assets                                                 7.58%             11.97%              points              15.19%
                                                                                                 Decreased by
                                                                                                           4.23
           Weighted average return on net                                                           percentage
            assets after extraordinary items                       4.55%              8.78%              points              12.05%
                                                                                                  Increased by
                                                                                                           0.52
                                                                                                    percentage
           Gearing ratio                                         65.26%              64.74%               point              66.00%

          Note: As the RMB3,584 MILLION USD SETTLED ZERO COUPON CONVERTIBLE BONDS DUE 2030 (“H-share convertible bonds”)
                issued by the Company have given rise to 54,053 thousand shares of potentially dilutive ordinary shares for 2025, diluted
                earnings per share has been calculated on the basis of basic earnings per share taking into account the said factor.




10
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                             I. Corporate Information and Summary of Major Financial Data


1.2.4 The Group’s major financial indicators for 2025 analysed by quarter

                                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions

                                                       The first        The second              The third          The fourth
                                                      quarter of         quarter of            quarter of          quarter of
      Item                                                 2025               2025                  2025                 2025
      Operating revenue                                  32,968.2            38,584.5            28,966.9             33,375.9
      Net profit attributable to holders of
       ordinary shares of the listed
       company                                            2,453.2              2,604.4               264.4                295.7
      Net profit after extraordinary items
       attributable to holders of
       ordinary shares of the listed
       company                                            1,956.7              2,147.2              (224.9)              (508.6)
      Net cash flows from operating
       activities                                         1,851.3               (551.9)              478.1             2,141.2

     The above accounting data is consistent with relevant accounting data disclosed in the Group’s
     quarterly reports and interim report.

1.2.5 Extraordinary gains or losses items and amounts of the Group for the past three years

                                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions

      Item                                                                  2025                   2024                   2023
      Gain from disposal of non-current assets                                5.0                   95.7                   20.6
      Investment gain from disposal of investment
        in associates and joints                                             78.0                 155.2                    96.0
      Gains or losses from fair value change
        arising from financial assets and financial
        liabilities and gains or losses from
        disposal of financial assets and financial
        liabilities held by non-financial enterprises,
        excluding the effective-value protection
        hedge business relating to the ordinary
        business                                                           524.4                  (206.4)                (337.0)
      Gain from fair-value change of investment
        properties                                                           (4.5)                (150.4)                (211.6)
      Other gains other than income from VAT
        refund on software products, refund of
        handling charge for personal tax and VAT
        add-on deductibles                                                 515.7                  326.7                   343.8
      Reversal of bad-debt provision for
        individually significant trade receivables for
        which provision was separately made                                  13.1                    4.3                   51.4
      Net of other non-operating income and
        expenditure other than the above                                    (58.9)                (112.6)                 (55.2)
      Other gains or losses falling under the
        definition of extraordinary gain or loss                         1,567.9                2,542.9                2,353.6
      Less: Effect of income tax                                           396.1                  398.3                  339.2
      Effect of non-controlling interest (after tax)                        (2.7)                  11.4                   (3.8)
      Total                                                              2,247.3                2,245.7                1,926.2

     Note: Details of the Company’s extraordinary gains or losses items and amounts are set out in the Supplementary Information in
           the Notes to the Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                                11
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors
In 2025, opportunities as well as challenges were present given the rapid development of AI and the growing
sophistication of digitalisation, intelligentisation and low-carbon operation, while at the same time there were
adjustments to investment mix driven by the transition of industry cycles. Nevertheless, the Group persisted in
R&D investment and maintained its strategic focus on the dual drivers of “connectivity + computing” and
maintained stable and sustainable operations amidst complicated conditions through technological innovation and
business coordination. Technological leadership remains the cornerstone to the Group’s development. This
chapter begins with a discussion of the innovation of the Group’s core technologies in 2025, followed by a
detailed analysis of its operating results in 2025 and outlook for business development in 2026.

2.1   INNOVATIONS IN CORE TECHNOLOGIES IN 2025

      Digital and intelligent transformation has become the dominant trend of the present day. First of all, that
      the digital economy is one of the core pillars of qualitative economic development has become a matter of
      general consensus. Secondly, increasing risks of uncertainty around the globe have also become a
      significant factor conversely obliging corporations and even the society in general to transform to digital
      and intelligent applications. More importantly, carbon neutrality has become a common basis for global
      survival and development, and digital and intelligent transformation represents one of the key pathways to
      rapid low-carbon development.

      At present, intelligent computing is reshaping the industrial scene in an unprecedent speed, the core
      trends of which are represented by: explosive demand coupled with structural change in the proportion of
      training and inference, driving AI application for more precise scenario adaptation; accelerated
      transformation of computing infrastructure towards heterogenous integration and green and low-carbon
      operation, as technologies such as liquid cooling and modulisation become crucial pathways to reduction
      in energy consumption. “Computing-network integration” has become the new basis, as overall allocation of
      intelligent elements is facilitated through coordination between distributed computing and the network. On
      the back of its full-stack and all-round DICT technologies assembled over a span of four decades, the
      Group has been actively seizing opportunities presented by the digital tide and firmly adhered to its
      positioning as a “leader in network connectivity and intelligent computing”, persisting in extensive
      collaboration and an open and mutually beneficial approach as it endeavours to deliver value to customers,
      contribute its wisdom to the industry, generate mutual benefits with its partners and undertake due social
      responsibilities.

      In line with the philosophy of being “customer-centred and ahead of the times” in technological
      development, the Group has been vigorously seizing significant opportunities presented by developments
      such as 5G and its future evolution, New Infrastructure, Digital and Intelligent Transformation, East-to-West
      Data Computing and Dual Carbon Economy, persisting in its objectives and leveraging its strengths as it
      seeks to position itself as a “leader in network connectivity and intelligent computing”, making ongoing
      efforts in “connectivity + computing + capacity + intelligence” to help customers and business partners
      forge an efficient and green foundation for digital and intelligent operations and integrated digital and
      intelligent solutions that meet scenario requirements, with a view to speeding up the process of digital and
      intelligent transformation and upgrade for the society as a whole. In the AI sector, the Group provides full-
      stack intelligent and computing solutions covering all scenarios ranging infrastructure facilities to
      applications and have stocked up a number of key technologies in high-speed Internet, live network
      computing, native computing, sensorless migration, data processing and computing optimisation, among
      others. Through ongoing enhancement of its competitiveness in a full range of end-to-end DICT products
      and digital and intelligent solutions, the Group has achieved steady growth in market share and further
      optimisation in market pattern.




12
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                                                         II. Report of the Board of Directors




          Application
                                                    Metallurgy                                                                          Government
                               Industrial                               Mining                Electricity       Transportation                              Healthcare               Education
                                                    and steel                                                                             affairs




                                                                                                   Digital Nebula




          Platform
                                 Ecosystem




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Security & Intelligence
                                                                                            Integration and interconnection




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Standards & patents
                                  services


                                Development                           Big data       Cloud video         Blockchain      Integrated
                                                        Large model                                                                       XR engine      GIS engine            ...
                                  platform                            platform        platform            platform     communications




                                              Network                            Computing                        Energy                                     Smart home
                                  IP network          Core network            Server & storage                                                    CPE/smart medium screen/router/STB




            Infrastructure
                                                                       General-purpose computing/            Telecommunication
                                  Router/BRAS           EPC/5GC
                                                                       intelligent computing/storage               energy



                                                                                                                                                                                                 Terminal
                                                                                                                Power supply/
                                      Optical transmission                      Switch                                                                     Mobile terminal
                                                                                                                energy storage
                                        OTN/MSTP/SDH                      DC/industry park/SMB                                                         Handset/tablet/MBB & FWA

                                                                                 Data centre                    New energy
                              Fixed network          Wireless              Heating & ventilation/               Solar/fuel cell                                  Cloud PC
                                   OLT             4G/5G/5G-A...        power supply & distribution/
                                                                                                                                                PAD/notebook cloud PC/mobile smart display/
                                                                          intelligent management
                                                                                                                                                   card-style terminal/all-in-one machine




                                            Chip                                                       Database                                         Operating System


2.1.1 Persisting in long-term investment and mastery of base-level core technologies

     1.                      Chip

                             The Group has continued to increase investment in advanced process technique design,
                             advanced architecture and seal packaging design, core intellectual properties and digitalised
                             efficient development platform since it started the R&D in chip in 1996. We are currently an
                             industry leader in terms of the ability to design the complete process for chip. On top of a solid
                             foundation in the R&D of base-level technology for DICT chip, the Group has also constructed
                             an ultra-efficient, green and intelligent full-stack computing network base pivoting on “data,
                             computing and network” in line with developments in computing-network integration. By
                             creating a product regime meeting the core requirements of the diversified scenarios of “cloud,
                             edge, terminal”, we have developed customised processor chip, DPU Dinghai chip, switch chip,
                             smart gateway chip for full-mode integrated architecture, optical access processor chip
                             (supporting 50G PON) and 800G coherent DSP chip, among others, on a proprietary basis,
                             which products have been dispatched to customers in various sectors such as carriers or
                             Internet service providers to underpin our ongoing leading position in terms of competitiveness.
                             In the meantime, the Group has extended the application of its chip capabilities to automobile
                             electronics with the development of the centralised computing unit for cockpit-driving-control
                             integration SoC “Lanyue” A Series, centralised computing platform SoC “Hanyu” M Series and
                             automobile specification-grade V-2X communication chip S Series and module solution. The said
                             products have been put to commercial application or designated for installation in the
                             automobiles of FAW, SAIC and GAC.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        13
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


          2.   Database

                The Group has continued to introduce product innovation for its proprietary database product
                GoldenDB, covering product types such as distributed database, centralised database,
                integrated data backup machine, vector database, among others, which offer support for
                concurrent core service scenarios of an ultra-large scale while also being adaptable to light-load
                scenarios, thereby lowering the technical barrier for enterprises wishing to upgrade their
                databases. The Group has been actively promoting empowerment in both directions of “AI For
                DB” and “DB For AI” to achieve the native integration of data processing and AI competence.

                In terms of market, GoldenDB has been deeply engaged in the core scenarios of multiple
                sectors covering more than 500 customers as its footprint has been expanded from the financial
                and carrier sectors to government service, transport, energy, healthcare, large corporations and
                overseas markets. In the financial sector, our core systems has reported stable operation for 6
                years in a row, carrying over 10 billion transactions with a gross transaction amount exceeding
                RMB10 trillion on a daily basis and serving a clientele which comprises major state-owned
                banks, policy banks, joint stock banks and leading securities firms. In the telecommunication
                sector, we have provided full coverage of the domestic carriers’ services, handling the billing of
                900 million+ mobile users and 1,200 million+ IoT users daily. We have also entered into
                cooperation with the General Administration of Customs and the Ministry of Finance to support
                the transformation and upgrade of the databases of government ministries and commissions. In
                connection with the business ecosphere, GoldenDB has completed adaptations with over 600
                partners and facilitated the accreditation of more than 12,000+ technical personnel. According to
                the “2024–2025 Annual Research Report on the PRC Platform Software Market” published by
                CCID Consulting, GoldenDB ranked first in China’s market for distributed transactional
                database.

          3.   Operating systems

                Developed through proprietary research since 2002 underpinned by a range of positive results in
                core directions such as inner core, base library, virtualisation, intelligentisation and instrument
                chain, the Group’s operating systems are at the forefront of the industry in terms of real-time
                performance, reliability, security and intelligentisation, offering a complete range of solutions for
                operating systems of equipment types such as embedded device, server, desk-top system and
                terminal that have been extensively used in the communication, automobile, electricity, railway
                transportation and civil aviation sectors to provide global customers with safe and reliable base
                software platforms featuring robust functions and a sound ecosphere. Our products have won
                the Class I Science and Technology Award of China Institute of Communications and the Fourth
                China Industry Award. The Group’s operating systems have attained the OSDL (Open Source
                Development Labs) Telecom-grade Linux accreditation, Tier-four National Information System
                Security accreditation, Evaluation Assurance Level 4 (EAL4) enhanced accreditation for IT
                product information security, ISO 26262 ASIL-D management accreditation and product
                accreditation for auto electronics, POSIX PSE52 accreditation of IEEE (Institute of Electrical and
                Electronics Engineers), safety and reliability assessment test for server operating system and
                class III (optimal grade) certification for software supply chain security.




14
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                    II. Report of the Board of Directors


2.1.2 Guided by technological innovation in the forging of high-speed networks with strong competitive
      edge

     1.   Wireless

          On the back of our strong capabilities at base level built around chip, computing and
          architecture, highly-efficient, intelligent and minimal and green mobile communication networks
          designed for carrier customers and industry customers have been constructed. The 5G
          scenarios have been further explored in greater detail, as we have created product solutions
          with special features for scenarios such as the high-speed rail, indoor hotspots and scenic
          areas and constructed excellent networks offering multiple frequencies, multiple modes, high
          integration levels and high energy efficiency, working with carriers to continuously expand 5G-A
          innovations, applications and practices.

          •     Wireless access: to address the requirements of minimal conversion of stations, a
                number of ultra-high intensive radio frequency modules such as the 12-channel ultra-
                broadband RRU and six-in-one frequency RRU have been launched utilising the industry’s
                most powerful Super-N 2.0 power magnification technology to achieve significant
                reduction in skyward space requirements for station sites and save energy by over 35%.
                To address the high-speed evolution of the network, a number of first-of-its-kind
                products in the industry have been launched, such as the 2.6GHz+4.9GHz dual-frequency
                64TR AAU with a 20Gbps+ throughput volume, 1.6GHz bandwidth millimeter wave AAU
                with a 25Gbps+ throughput volume and medium-frequency pooling MiCell millimeter wave
                distributed mini-stations. To address optimisation of network deployment, we have also
                launched the 1.8GHz + 2.6GHz dual-frequency RRU which facilitates precise matching of
                RRU signals with rail coaches with the pioneering “power tag-along” solution to achieve
                one-stop 4/5G coverage in high-speed rail scenarios without the need for antenna
                upgrade and conversion in the live network. To address refined 5G scenario operation,
                we have launched the quadruple frequency QCell to meet the requirements of scenarios
                with a high indoor heat level. The Lingxi Unit qNCR innovative solution has also been
                launched to effectively strengthen network signals at enclosed scenarios with weak
                coverage, such as elevators and underground carparks.




                                                                                                       15
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                •    5G-A evolution: The Group has joined forces with carriers to gain pace in the industrial
                     application and sophistication of a range of products featuring innovative 5G-A
                     technologies, such as double 10G+ maximum limit network, communication and sensor
                     integration, air — space — terrestrial integration, among others. In connection with 10G
                     network, we provided service to the 2025 Chinese New Year Gala Show of CCTV with the
                     EasyOn solution, our 5G-A ultra-minimal private network, facilitating wireless ultra-HD
                     video shooting through simple and flexibly interchangeable deployment of cameras. At the
                     2025 MWC, we teamed up with Mobile World Live to operate a 5G-A wireless livecast
                     studio for interviews. We have provided support to the ultra-intensive concurrent scenario
                     for users operating 100+ channels. In connection with communication and sensor
                     integration, we have launched the industry’s first multi-mode integrated sensor and AI
                     communication and sensor model for enhanced sensing accuracy and precision. We have
                     started collaborations with carriers and industry partners in multiple areas, such as
                     logistical distribution, low-altitude security defense, low-altitude smart industry park and
                     security protection inspection and test for water bodies, as trials runs or commercial
                     applications have been operated at more than 100 projects in 25 provinces, municipalities
                     or autonomous regions. A low-altitude industrial ecosphere platform has been launched in
                     association with 35 enterprises to integrate upstream, midstream and downstream
                     resources along the industry chain and build a coordinated low-altitude economic
                     ecospheric regime underpinned by “joint ventures in technologies, joint exploration of
                     scenarios and mutual success in the market”. In connection with the integration of air,
                     space and terrestrial applications, we have completed verification of China’s first carrier
                     NR-NTN low-orbit satellite laboratory simulation and verification test for general service
                     carrier, as well as verification of the industry’s first NR-NTN+VoWiFi integrated network.
                     New breakthroughs have been achieved in the experiment of orbiting technology for direct
                     linking between terminals and low-orbit satellites as verification of NR-NTN real-time voice
                     laboratory for 3GPP handsets directly-linked to low-orbit satellites has been completed.
                     We have also assisted China Telecom in its launch of the country’s first IoT NTN carrier-
                     grade commercial network.

          2.   Core network

                AIR Core, the first AI native core network launched by the Group, facilitates the transition from
                cloud native to “AI+ cloud native” with the aid of frontier AI technologies such as deep
                integrated large language model, communication large model and digital twin, constructing a
                creative three-tier AI agent coordination structure “speech agent, connecting operation agent,
                and twin simulation agent” that breaks the boundary of the capability of traditional core
                networks and guides the leaping evolution of networks from a “connecting hub” to a “service
                enabling platform” and “value adding centre”. In connection with business, a speech AI agent
                integrating large language model (LLM), text-to-speech (TTS), speech synthesis and retrieval-
                augmented generation (RAG) has been launched to support the acquisition of services by users
                using natural speech, which represents a radical change from “operating functions” to
                “understanding intent”. In terms of connectivity, our connecting operation agent opens up the
                overall configuration of user intent and network resources on the back of intelligent components
                such as NEF+MCP Server, NWDAF, AI-UPF to support on-demand scheduling of scenario SLA
                (service level agreement) and provide assurance for certainty, thereby empowering the
                commercialisation model of “experience as service”. In connection with maintenance, our twin-
                simulated AI agent based on high-precision digital twin preview and multi-agent coordinated
                decision making facilitates minute-fast network risk identification and proactive defense with a
                simulation accuracy rate of over 95% to shift the maintenance model from passive response to
                active protection, thereby significantly lowering OPEX and enhancing network reliability. In
                summary, AIR Core has systematically constructed a future network infrastructure for intent
                sensing, proactive service and value creation through the coordination of three-tier agents,
                offering carriers and industry partners a whole new prospect for value growth.




16
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                II. Report of the Board of Directors


3.   Wireline

     •    Fixed-line access: The symmetric 50G-PON Combo solution claiming the highest density
          among peers has been launched to meet the requirements of large-scale deployment. We
          have also launched the three generations time division 50G-PON, the first of its kind in the
          industry, which solves the industry bottleneck relating to the compatibility of ITU
          50G-PON and IEEE EPON by adopting first-of-its-kind technologies in the world to
          facilitate coordinated operation of systems from three generations, namely 50G-PON,
          10G-EPON and EPON, on the same optical distribution network (ODN) at symmetric
          speed, paving the way for the smooth upgrade of carrier network. We have launched the
          industry’s first home broadband agent, which constructs the system for automatic
          diagnosis of home broadband malfunctioning and experience optimisation based on the AI
          OLT board/card to enhance operational and maintenance efficiency of home broadband
          systems. We have developed an end-to-end ODN solution for the full life cycle and
          process which shortens diagnostic lead-time by over 90%, diagnoses optical link
          malfunction with a precision range of 1 metre and identifies resources with a 100%
          accuracy rate. The Tbit full optical access platform has maintained its highest GlobalData
          Leader rating for 5 years in a row. Our complete product matrix for full optical industrial
          park affords flexible scalability catering to enterprises of varying sizes to help carriers
          develop new markets in an efficient manner. A four-in-one optical/video/computing/
          security product has been launched in association with China Mobile, featuring a
          16-channel camera and 6T built-in computing compatible with multiple computing methods
          to meet SME’s requirements for intelligentisation. We have also teamed up with China
          Telecom in the development of a high-grade integrated gateway for the government and
          corporate sector featuring 133T built-in computing and an integrated DeepSeek model,
          designed to empower efficient operation of enterprises by helping them build local
          knowledge base and increase coding efficiency.

     •    Optical transmission network: We have launched the world’s first C+L full-frequency
          integrated optical module and completed the world’s first C+L integrated 80x800G live
          network test run in partnership with carriers, setting the world record of 10,000 km+
          transmission by single-wave 1T optical signal based on hollow optical fibre. We have also
          completed the world’s first ultra-large capacity test of single-fibre 114.9Tb/s S+C+L multi-
          wavelength based on hollow optical fiber in a live network setting in the GBA, which has
          verified its “ultra-low latency, Tbit and multi-wavelength” transmission capability. Our 1.6T
          live network test based on a spectral width of 12THz, the first of its kind in the world, has
          received the “ICT China (2025) Case Study” Class I award. With our “Most Powerful C+L
          Full-frequency integrated optical module”, “Hollow Optical Fibre Transmission System
          Breakthrough and Innovation”, “800G plug-in/unplug OTN Solution” and “Automatic
          Activation of Intent-based OTN Service”, we have won four innovation awards at the
          Lightwave+BTR Innovation Reviews. Our “C+L full frequency integration OTN” has been
          honoured with the Light Reading Annual Award. The Group’s 5G Optical Transport product
          has maintained its highest rating with GlobalData Leader. According to the latest Omdia
          Report, the Group ranked first globally in the dispatch of OTN 800G plug-in/unplug DCO
          ports for 6 quarters in a row.




                                                                                                    17
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                •    IP network: The Group has launched the high-end router product with high performance
                     and ultra-large capacity supporting high-density 400GE/800GE as the only enhanced
                     definitive network (EDN) in the industry equipped with a built-in chip. We have upgraded
                     the internal AI engine to high-level intelligence to facilitate business stream-grade
                     modulation and assurance, allowing dynamic energy saving by as much as 17% when not
                     in use. Whilst maintaining its leading position in the domestic market for IP backbone
                     network, the Group has also been actively expanding its business in the international
                     market, assisting in the IP backbone network modernisation upgrade projects of Spanish
                     carrier MasOrange and Malaysian carrier SACOFA. In connection with the future network
                     and vertical businesses, we have won on an exclusive basis the bid for China Mobile’s 6G
                     carrier system prototype sample machine, whilst launching the industry-grade CPE for
                     power distribution networks, the first of its kind among peers. The “First domestic
                     commercial application of orthogonal architecture green large-capacity core router” and
                     “Creation of multi-agent system based on large models”, developed in association with
                     carriers, have received the “ICT China (2025) Case Study” Class I award. According to the
                     latest report of GlobalData, the Group’s IP high-end router has been given the highest
                     Leader rating with the highest overall score among rated manufacturers.

     2.1.3 Opening up the ecosphere for the development of full-stack, full-scenario intelligent computing
           solution

          1.   Server and storage

                The Group provides a range of server products meeting the requirements of all scenarios,
                equipped with the mainstream CPU and GPU to provide users with diverse choices, whilst
                enhancing the performance and stability of intelligent computing resources through wide-area
                coordination of computing, storage and network.

                •    Full range for all scenarios: we provide high-performance training server, inference server
                     with high cost effectiveness, ready-to-use integrated intelligent computing unit, full range
                     of general-purpose computing server and high-performance document storage to meet
                     diverse requirements in the development of intelligent computing capacity from the centre
                     to the edge. The products have already been put to application by leading companies in
                     the Internet, telecom, financial, energy and transport sectors.




18
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                 II. Report of the Board of Directors


     •    Proprietary innovation: Our proprietary DPU Dinghai chip supports multiple forms such as
          RDMA card, smart network card and DPU card to provide high-performance and
          diversified computing acceleration hardware. We have teamed up with our industry
          partners to drive high-speed and open-ended interconnection standards for GPU and
          create new intelligent computing servers with interconnected super nodes which support
          the dual scalability mode of Scale-Up and Scale-Out to claim leading position in the
          industry in terms of the level of integration and scalability. The “Innovative solution for the
          application of distributed OCS full optical interconnected chip and super node” developed
          by us in association with other parties have won the SAIL (Supreme AI Leader) Award, the
          top honour at the 2025 World Artificial Intelligence Conference.

2.   Switch

     The Group has continued to upgrade its nebula intelligent computing network solution with the
     launch of the 576-port 800GE frame switch and the 32-port 400GE box switch, claiming the
     highest density and the strongest compactness, respectively, among peers. We have also
     created the end-to-end decoupling 400GE/800GE RoCE loss-free intelligent computing network,
     a leader among domestically manufactured peers which achieves zero-loss data transmission
     through triple innovative flow control technologies with 98% network throughput efficiency and
     5μs fast adjustment and optimisation of flow congestion within the intelligent computing centre
     to facilitate improvements in cluster computing efficiency. We claim a complete product matrix
     covering a full range of 2.4T~460.8T box switch and frame switch atop of its peers in terms of
     performance, which have been put to large-scale commercial application for 100/1,000,/10,000
     card intelligent computing clusters in the carrier, Internet and power sectors. Our “Proprietary
     R&D and large-scale application of programmable key gateway technologies” has received the
     “ICT China (2025) Case Study” Class I award.




                                                                                                      19
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


          3.   Data centre

                As the pioneering manufacturer of modularised data centre, the Group constructs data centres
                with high availability which is conducive to green energy conservation, quick and easy
                fabrication, flexible integration, intelligent management and security and reliability. A full range of
                prefabricated modularised solutions have been introduced to meet the varying requirements for
                new or converted full-scenario solutions ranging from ultra-large to micro sizes. We have
                fostered core competitiveness in proprietary products with the capability to manufacture full-
                stack data centre solution under the intelligent computing scenario and end-to-end delivery,
                whilst launching in scale our indirect evaporative cooling air-conditioning series, cold-plate and
                immersive liquid cooling products, as well as innovative products and solutions such as
                integrated alternate/direct current electricity module, full-scenario AI energy efficiency
                modulation and optimisation and assembled data centre, among others. The Group’s data
                centre products have featured in more than 450 projects around the globe with the deployment
                of more than 300,000 racks over a total server room area in excess of 2.80 million square
                metres, garnering over 70 domestic or international industry awards.

          4.   Training and inference platform

                The Group’s AI Booster training and inference software platform provides one-stop AI training
                solutions to customers. In addition to commercial applications and ongoing maintenance
                support, AI computing training and inference also turns engineering capability and experience
                into tools to simplify customers’ workload in AI innovation and lower the cost for large-scale
                migration.

                •     Resource management: accelerating hardware differentiation at off-screen shield-base
                      heterogeneous structure and providing flexible modulation of diversified computing ability
                      to offer a high-performance and highly reliable operating environment for model operation.

                •     AI tool set: provision of an end-to-end engineering tool set covering aspects from data
                      processing, model development, training, optimisation, assessment to deployment to meet
                      the business requirements of the entire life cycle of the intelligent computing large model
                      and significantly lower the barrier for development; provision of model migration tools to
                      facilitate smooth migration of large models on the GPUs of different manufacturers.

     2.1.4 Intensive development of digital energy to assist in the construction of the zero-carbon energy
           net

          1    Telecommunication energy

                The Group provides end-to-end power supply solutions with a complete product range covering
                full products, full scenarios and the full life cycle. On the back of key innovative technologies
                such as sPV, ultra-high-efficiency conversion, smart backup and storage, smart power
                distribution, smart temperature control and AI multi-energy scheduling, we have created the ultra
                “zero-carbon” energy net focused on implementation of ultra-minimal site, green server room,
                green industrial complex and energy operation, among others, underpinned by general
                improvements in network PAV and reduction in TCO towards digitalised energy supply. As a
                world leading telecommunication energy supplier, the Group has continued to develop core
                technologies in power conversion with intensive effort, maintaining a leading position in the
                industry in terms of rectifier efficiency and power density technical indicators. Our “All-in-one”
                full-product integrated solution featuring integrated operating capabilities for power supply,
                batteries and energy with the aid of ultra-efficient communication power supply products has
                made successful breakthroughs with a number of high-end customers. We have been leaders in
                the domestic market for telecommunication energy in terms of market share, while in the
                international market, we have achieved notable growth in market size following ongoing
                intensive efforts with big Ts in major nations, as we guide the green upgrade of the global
                telecommunication energy industry with hardcore technologies and premium services.




20
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                  II. Report of the Board of Directors


     2    New energy

          The Group provides products and solutions for green power generation, smart energy storage,
          smart power consumption and energy management to facilitate smart and clean energy supply
          for global carriers and customers in the government and corporate sector, helping them to
          conserve energy and reduce emission while lowering power bills and safeguarding power
          consumption. On a cumulative basis, more than 110 PV projects and smart micro-net projects
          and more than 20 energy storage projects for industrial and commercial sectors have been
          implemented, underpinning EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) competence and
          credentials for new energy projects. The Group’s move to establish its presence in the new
          energy business has shown initial success, as it has achieved breakthrough the three major
          scenarios of ground PV, PV storage integration and industrial/commercial energy storage.

2.1.5 Pioneering in the intelligent terminal revolution with the new paradigm of human-machine
      interaction

     1.   Smart home

          The Group’s capability to provide full-stack products from total solutions to terminal product
          series has enabled home users to experience the premium network and enabled it to
          consistently maintain a leading position. We have reported dispatch of more than 100 million
          units of home terminal products for two consecutive years. For PON CPE, we have ranked first
          in global market share for five years in a row. We have also ranked first globally for the
          dispatch of IP set top box.




          •    FTTR: We have maintained rapid generational replacement on a yearly basis with the launch
               of the RoomPON 7.0 series for building of a system comprising “1 home agent base + 2
               main/subsidiary medium screens” to provide all-round smart services for scenarios such
               as digital partner, health protection, sensorless security and interactive entertainment,
               among others.

          •    Smart medium screen: The new-generation AI medium screen flagship product “Medium
               Screen Agent” has been launched, featuring deep terminal integration of the 1.5B model
               and cloud-end large model to create a new smart home portal integrating the
               housekeeping, entertainment and fitness, health and welling and study companion
               functions. More than 1 million sets have been dispatched throughout the year as it has
               been put to commercial application by China Mobile and China Telecom and become the
               prime brand name of proprietary smart medium screen in the domestic carriers’ market.
               We have teamed up with China Unicom to launch the “Smart Home Communication”, a
               medium computing host, which has been successfully put to application in 7 provinces
               domestically.




                                                                                                     21
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                •    Wi-Fi router: In the carrier market, the Group’s Wi-Fi 7 router has made breakthroughs with
                     the three leading domestic carriers ahead of its peers to capture more than half of the
                     market shares. In the international market, breakthroughs with multinational carriers and
                     mainstream carriers in Japan and Italy have been reported, with successful commercial
                     applications in Spain, Italy, Japan and Brazil to establish a firm foothold in the first
                     quadrant. In the consumer market, the Group’s Wi-Fi router has become a TOP3 brand in
                     the product category. In the domestic e-commerce market for routers, we ranked first on
                     the JD platform in terms of growth rate and were the only brand to have been honoured
                     with the JD Gold Quality Award (Router Products)

          2.   Mobile terminal

                In 2025, the Group continued to herald reforms in smart terminals under the principle of “AI for
                All, creating new paradigms in human-machine interaction on the back of large/medium/small
                screen AI terminals to build a “1+2+N” full-scenario smart ecosphere.

                •    Handset and innovative terminal: The Group’s proprietary Nebula AIOS has been
                     undergoing full evolution as it has continued with the construction of a smart hub for the
                     provision of better solutions to users. In association with our partners, we have launched
                     the industry’s first smart agent phone featuring system-grade deep interaction and
                     explorations of “new portals” for applications. Nubia flagship Z80 Ultra showcases
                     balanced breakthroughs in imaging, screen, performance and gaming experience on the
                     back of technological innovations such as the upgraded NeoVision Taishan AI Image 5.0
                     and the incorporation for the first time of Red Magic’s CUBE Qingtian game engine. The
                     Nubia Neo 3 series gaming phones provide consumers with the ultimate controlling
                     experience in the same price range as the only model to feature trigger buttons,
                     complemented by outstanding gaming functions and AI. The Red Magic 11 Pro series
                     introduces several breakthroughs worthy of industry milestones, such as the first water
                     and air dual cooling model, the industry’s first visible water-cooling design, the debut of
                     new screen materials of the BOE X10 off-screen camera and the first flagship handset
                     equipped with an 8,000mAh large battery, claiming all-round advancements in cooling,
                     performance, vision, gaming experience and battery life. We have also teamed up with
                     carriers to manufacture customised AI handsets to allow AI features in phones of all price
                     categories such that the mass market might benefit sooner from advanced technologies.

                •    Mobile Internet products: The Group has launched numerous products supported by latest
                     AI, 5G-A and Wi-Fi 7 technologies based on the novel GIS (Green, Intelligence, Security)
                     concept, including ZTE G5 Ultra, ZTE G5 Max Wi-Fi and ZTE U60 Pro, in an all-round
                     effort to upgrade users’ experience of the intelligent network. The Group ranked first
                     globally in 2025 for five consecutive years, in terms of market share for 5G FWA & MBB
                     according to the latest TSR report and in terms of 5G FWA CPE competitiveness
                     according to the latest ABI Research report.




22
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                 II. Report of the Board of Directors




3.   Cloud PC

     Further to its full range of cloud PCs comprising Yufeng, Fuyao, Xiaoyao and Linglong, the
     Group has continued to launch innovative cloud PC terminal catered to market demands in line
     with its product philosophy of “AI excellence — enabled network and superior cloud terminal”.
     Our 5G Mobile Smart Display has unveiled a new product segment underpinned by the “N-in-
     one smart screen”, while the Xiaoyao 20 AI PAD (tablet cloud PC) showcases efficient
     integration of portability and productivity on the back of superiority in hardcore, light-weight and
     AI features. Meanwhile, Yufeng 10 Air offers users the brand new experience of a computer that
     is: never outdated in performance, never subject to data loss and protected by a 5-year
     extended warranty.

     In 2025, the Group reported sales of over 2 million sets of cloud PC terminals to retain its top
     position in China’s market for desktop cloud terminals. In the carrier market, the Group
     continued to support large-scale commercial application of cloud PCs by carriers in a joint effort
     to underpin the new smart home ecosphere and drive growth in the cloud PC To C/H business.
     In the government and corporate market, we helped financial institutions and large corporations,
     such as Ping An Group, Pudong Development Bank, Taikang Insurance, SAIC-GM, Wuhan Iron
     and Steel Group and Meishan Iron and Steel Group, to ensure safe office operations enabled by
     efficient intelligent applications.




                                                                                                      23
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


     2.1.6 Construction of smart platform to congregate core abilities for internal as well as external
           empowerment

          1.   Digital Nebula

                In continuous enhancement of Digital Nebula, the Group has facilitated fast delivery and full-
                cycle management from corpus feeding, model training to application with the aid of its 3 major
                capability centres: high-quality corpus processing at the corpus workshop, assistance for
                industry users’ assembly lines and minute-fast construction of AI agent applications at the AI
                agent factory, and the provision of integrated operational services for computing, model, data
                and AI agent applications at the operations centre.

          2.   Large model and AI agents

                The Group has developed the proprietary ZTE Nebula Large Models, including a rudimentary
                large model and sector large models such as the R&D large model, communication large model
                and industrial large model, as it continues to invest in capacity enhancement in key aspects
                such as computing innovation, data engineering and efficient computing platform. We have also
                been engaged in the R&D innovation of AI agents for various sectors based on our proprietary
                large model to solve complicated scenario issues. The rudimentary large model includes large
                language models ranging from 2B to 80B, visual large models and multi-mode large models
                covering different deployment scenarios from the handset to edge and centre clouds. The
                communication large model improves inference of the mindset chain and AI agent coordination
                on an ongoing basis to accelerate the evolution of AI agents from an auxiliary aid for analysis to
                autonomous decision-making. In connection with the high-grade self-intelligent scenario, we
                have built the digital/intelligent human expert catered to maintenance processes and the digital/
                intelligent human assistant catered to frontline maintenance engineers, facilitating fast access to
                L4 of high-value scenarios. The “Joint Innovation+” self-intelligence network laboratory launched
                in collaboration with China Mobile has enabled more than 91% accuracy in determining the
                location of the cause of wireless malfunctioning position through the application of mapping
                model and AI agents. Our R&D large model ranked first in inference and second in total score
                in the test and assessment conducted by SuperCLUE, an authoritative domestic third-party
                agency. Our R&D tools based on large model has effectively enhanced overall R&D efficiency
                for the end-to-end full process from supporting AI efficiency enhancement evolution of high-
                frequency scenarios to demand analysis, scheme design, development fulfillment and test
                delivery scenarios. Multi-agents have been launched based on research on how to improve
                end-to-end turnover efficiency, the first batch of development agents of which have obtained
                the highest-level CAICT accreditation. Our industry large model integrating language, vision and
                multi-mode capabilities have been put to application in the industrial, energy, transport and
                government service sectors. The Group’s Nanjing Binjiang Intelligent Manufacturing Base has
                implemented 300+ smart scenario application based on industrial AI agent and achieved an
                overall dark factory rate of 85%, whilst the production labour rate of all staff has increased by
                258%. We have assisted Balasu Coal Mine Lamp in Yanchang Mining to develop the first
                mining AI agent in China to advance safe mining and management efficiency enhancement. We
                have also assisted the launch of China’s first AI large model for urban railway in Qingdao to
                develop a multi-scenario agent for maintenance, servicing and management which will lower
                maintenance labour costs and increase the efficiency of exceptional handling. In association
                with the Bureau of Hydrology, Changjiang Water Resources Commission, we have put online the
                hydrographic model of the “Jiupai Basin” river region for public use nationwide to assist in the
                implementation of the “Four Preventions” system in river region governance of river coastal
                regions.




24
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                     II. Report of the Board of Directors


           The innovative Co-Sight AI agent factory solution launched by the Group has adopted a factory
           model of “preset atomic functions + visible orchestration” which significantly lowers the
           development cost and barrier of AI agents and facilitates “AI generation of AI” to support swift
           customisation and application by corporations and developers to meet the explosive growth in
           demand for AI agents. Co-Sight endeavours to solve difficulties relating to trust, memory and
           security in the large-scale implementation of AI agents by providing a commercial version as
           well as an open-source super agent in a double effort to expedite the large-scale development
           of the AI agent ecosphere. In 2025, new-generation versions of Co-Sight were launched and
           frequently came out on top of authoritative global league tables, such as the authoritative GAIA
           benchmark test in connection with which Co-Sight ranked first in the open-source framework
           category.

     3.   Data factors

           The “Digital Matrix”, a trusted data space solution launched by the Group, has been adopted by
           data space construction projects in Wuhan, Xi’an and Wenzhou. As the member unit of a
           number of standardisation groups under the National Data Standardisation Technology
           Committee, the deputy group leader of the Data Resources Group and member unit of
           numerous groups under the Beijing Data Standardisation Technology Committee, we have been
           actively engaged in the development of standards for national data infrastructure. We have
           implemented data governance projects for the government service and industrial sectors and
           received the “Data factor-enabled digital government construction” Class I award in the Data
           Factor Application Innovation Contest and Class I award for industrial intelligent manufacturing
           in Jiangsu and Hunan under the “Data Factor X” Contest.

2.1.7 Enabling industrial transformation in a joint effort with industries to add value

     With a special focus on high-value scenarios, the Group has created the “1+3+N” integrated solution
     featuring 1 open decoupling intelligent computing base + Digital Nebula centre for 3 principal
     capabilities + N scenario AI agents to provide the industry with an AI+ engine. AI+ benchmark
     projects have been launched in association with our industry partners in numerous sectors, such as
     industrial manufacturing, transportation, government affairs, power, steel production, mining, medical
     care and education, for which we have received several honours such as GSMA GLOMO and GTI
     Awards.

     In the industrial sector, the Group’s Binjiang Intelligent Manufacturing Base in Nanjing has been
     upgraded from “5G Binjiang” to “Intelligent Binjiang” and included in the list of “Outstanding
     Intelligent Factory” named by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Our focus has
     been on sectors such as automobile manufacturing, solar lithium battery manufacturing and
     petroleum, gas and chemical. We have teamed up with Geely Group for deeper cooperation in smart
     logistics. We have also assisted Benxi Tools in the construction of its 5G smart factory, Elsewhere,
     we have continued to roll out construction of digital and intelligent development in collaboration with
     enterprises such as Maotai Group, China Merchants Group and Tianshui Huatian Technology Co.,
     Ltd., among others.

     In connection with metallury and steel, the Group have assisted in the digital and intelligent
     transformation of the steel making industry on the back of scenario-based solutions in centralised
     control for metallury and steel, safe production and smart energy management. We have launched an
     integrated intelligent computing unit for the iron and steel sector and created a large model for the
     end-to-end steel manufacturing process in collaboration with Hesteel Group. We have also teamed up
     with Yunan Shenhuo Group in the creation of a corporate-grade large model for the smelting industry
     based on DeepSeek. In the meantime, there have been ongoing project cooperations with leading
     enterprises such as Baowu Group and Ansteel Group.




                                                                                                         25
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


          In connection with mining, the Group owns a diverse range of customised products and solutions,
          such as mining industrial Internet platform, mining large model, intelligent computing centre, 5G
          private network, slicing industrial ring network and integrate control. We have teamed up with 60+
          partners and 40+ industry-leading customers in the implementation of 500+ intelligent mining projects
          nationwide.

          In connection with the electricity sector, the Group digital electric station solution focused on the
          core maintenance scenario for electrical sites, such as power stations, converter stations and
          substations, has facilitated remote unmanned guard and efficient maintenance at electrical stations.
          We have also completed the construction of digital converter stations in more than ten provinces in
          collaboration with State Grid, whilst being deeply involved in the digital station projects of Southern
          Power Grid in numerous provinces. The Group has also entered into cooperation with leading
          enterprises such as China Energy Group, Jingneng Group, Huadian Group and Huaneng Group to
          advance the implementation of AI smart power plants.

          In the transportation sector, in connection with metropolitan railway, we have assisted Xiamen Metro
          to increase the efficiency of fault diagnosis with the aid of our large model for metro railway
          communication maintenance. In connection with highways, we have created innovative solutions for
          cloudified toll station, trusted data space for highways and holographic perception for highways in our
          engagement in highway intelligentisation in numerous provinces. In connection with railways, we have
          participated in large-scale application test runs hosted by various railway bureau groups. We have
          also developed the core capability of “intelligent visual identification for railway cargo inspection” in
          association with Shenyang Railway Bureau to enhance the safety standard of railway cargo freight.

          In connection with government affairs, our large-scale unmanned helicopter rescue platform, an
          emergency rescue platform solution, has been deployed as part of the flood season preventive
          measures in numerous provinces in 2025. Our emergency intelligent computing solution has won the
          bid for the integrated training and inference unit project at the Big Data Centre under the Ministry of
          Emergency Management. In connection with metropolitan digitalisation for cities, we participated in
          the municipal governance project of Nanjing, “cloud hall” government service of Nanshan District,
          Shenzhen and metro security project of Taiyuan. In connection with metro AI agent solutions, we have
          built a metro AI agent platform in Wuzhen, Zhejiang based on heterogenous resource pool.

          In the medical sector, the Group’s large model for the medical examination scenario has been
          implemented at various hospital projects including Heping Ancillary Hospital of Shanxi Changzhi
          Medical School and Shanghai People’s Hospital No. 10. We have also an integrated AI general
          examination device in association with Shanchen Group to facilitate standardised and efficient
          intelligent management of the physical examination process.

          In the education sector, the Group has created a specialised model for vocational education catered
          to professions such as communication, intelligent manufacturing and computing in collaboration with
          the Vocational Education Development Centre Under the Ministry of Education, which has come
          online and put into application at Wenzhou Vocational Technical Institute. We have also won the bids
          for a number of projects with Baotou Vocational Technical Institute and Yellow River Water
          Conservancy Vocational Technical Institute, among others.




26
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                          II. Report of the Board of Directors


      2.1.8 Extensive participation in standard formulation work while adding highly valuable patents to our
            portfolio

           The Group is positioned within the first quadrant in terms of global patents as a major contributor
           and participant in the research and standard formulation for global 5G technology. As at 31
           December 2025, the Group had submitted approximately 95,000 global patent applications and
           owned over 50,000 authorised global patents, including approximately 5,900 patent applications and
           over 3,700 authorised patents in the chip sector. In the AI sector, the Group had close to 5,500
           patent applications with nearly half of them having been authorised. The Group has continued to
           make ETSI disclosures on its 5G standard essential patents, ranking among the top five globally in
           terms of valid patent families. The Group has received 11 gold awards, 3 silver awards and 39
           awards of excellence in the patent awards of China.

           The Group is a member of more than 200 international standardisation organisations, industry
           alliances, scientific associations and open-source communities, such as ITU (International
           Telecommunication Union), 3GPP (third generation partnership programme), ETSI (European
           Telecommunications Standards Institute), NGMN (The Next Generation Mobile Networks), IEEE
           (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers), CCSA (The China Communications Standards
           Association), 5GAIA (5G Applications Industry Array) and AII (Alliance of Industrial Internet) and a
           board member of numerous organisations such as GSA (Global Suppliers’ Alliance) and ETSI (The
           European Telecommunications Standards Institute), while more than 100 specialists have been serving
           in key roles such as chairman/vice chairman and reporter of leading international standardisation
           organisations, industry alliances, scientific associations and open-source communities.

2.2   BUSINESS REVIEW FOR 2025

      2.2.1 Industry development

           1.   Domestic market

                In 2025, despite a complicated environment underpinned by lacklustre global economic growth,
                China’s ICT market showcased strong resilience and entered a crucial period of changing
                momentum. 5G network construction was generally shifting from “large deployment” to
                “sophisticated optimisation, quality and efficiency enhancement and upgrade in experience”. In
                the meantime, breakthroughs in technological innovation continued as novel infrastructure,
                computing networks, AI and next-generation network technologies were set to inject new
                growth momentum for the ICT sector, driving the industry to explore in faster pace new
                opportunities for development represented by AI and digitalisation.

                In the basic communication sector, the domestic telecommunications business earned revenue
                of RMB1,750 billion for 2025, representing a year-on-year growth of 0.7%. Optimisation and
                upgrades of the industry mix continued, as revenue from traditional business declined marginally
                whilst the novel businesses became the main driver for revenue growth in the industry. In 2025,
                the strategic focus of network construction was shifting from “broad coverage” to “in-depth
                quality enhancement” and an emphasis on value. 5G network construction was pinpointedly
                focused on scenario enhancement, improvement of rural area coverage and in-depth indoor
                coverage, among others. Meanwhile, network evolution continued to advance towards greater
                sophistication, as carriers were actively driving the commercial deployment of 5G-A to identify
                greater value in networks on the back of critical technologies such as communication-sense
                integration, carrier aggregation and RedCap, whilst the adoption of 400G optical transmission
                network for inter-provincial backbone networks was gaining pace. Trial runs of 10Gb optical
                networks were being conducted in the three typical scenarios of residential district, industrial
                complex and hi-tech industrial park on the back of growing sophistication in 50G PON
                technologies.




                                                                                                             27
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                In the AI sector, with the deployment of advanced computing units such as the “super node”,
                the industry has achieved leaping advancement in computing density and interconnected
                bandwidth to provide a solid foundation for large-scale parameter training and inference.
                Meanwhile, leading Internet companies shifted their strategic focus from the stacking of
                technologies to the creation of value.

                In the smart terminal sector, the smart terminal reshaped the uses’ experience. In connection
                with home terminal, with the sophistication of Wi-Fi 7 technologies, carriers were rolling out Wi-
                Fi 7 home network terminals which include the home gateway, FTTR and high-performance
                routers, while the coverage of 1Gb networks was further expanded to forge a firm foundation of
                ultra-broadband for “full AI intelligentisation at home”. In connection with personal terminal,
                speech comprehension, multi-mode sensing, intent identification and emotional interaction
                empowered by large model were reshaping the base-level logic of terminal hardware in a
                profound manner to catalyse the revolution of the terminal sector. In connection with cloud PC,
                the product was swiftly becoming the core carrier for digitalised transformation of the industry
                and personal experience of smart living on the back of its advantage of differentiation through
                “computing cloudification, lightweight equipment, data security assurance, cross-system
                coordination and full-scenario adaptation”.

          2.   International market

                In 2025, the level of capital expenditure by international telecom carriers was improving, whilst
                structural adjustment was also imminent. The global deployment of 5G networks continued to
                deepen, while the demand for computing capacities was rapidly growing as telecom carriers
                embraced AI technologies on all fronts in an expedited strategic transition from traditional
                telecom service providers to technology companies.

                In connection with wireless network, global 5G deployment was showing characteristics of an
                evolutionary echelon. Whilst developed markets were undergoing a period of intensive search for
                value with a special focus on the large-scale commercial application of 5G SA (standalone
                networks) and 5G-A technologies to provide core capacity support for differentiated application
                scenarios, emerging markets such as the Asia Pacific and Latin America were focused on
                further expanding the coverage of their 5G networks. Meanwhile, the deep integration of AI into
                the communication network architecture has facilitated network self-optimisation and intelligent
                resource allocation to drive the evolution of wireless access networks towards a higher level of
                intelligence and efficiency.




28
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                        II. Report of the Board of Directors


          In connection with wireline network, AI applications were driving rapid growth in global data
          traffic, compelling wireline networks to evolve towards ultra-broadband, low latency and high
          reliability. On the access side, the generational upgrades of optical broadband technologies
          continued as 10G PON entered the phase of sophisticated deployment. Some carriers were
          commencing trial deployment of 50G PON ahead of their peers given gradual sophistication of
          50G PON standards. On the transmission side, carriers were increasing their investment in high-
          speed backbone networks such as 400G in a gradual advancement towards faster speeds.

          In connection with new businesses, the demand for AI training and inference was driving
          exponential growth in the scale of intelligent computing on the computing side, compelling
          traditional data centres to expedite their evolution into large-scale intelligent computing centres.
          While stimulating demand for the construction of intelligent computing servers and data centre
          infrastructure, this trend also presented the challenge in energy consumption by high-density
          computing, as a result of which green computing became a critical pathway for development,
          and the large-scale application of conservation technologies as well as construction of green
          data centres became crucial measures for sustainability. In connection with terminals, the deep
          coupling of AI technologies with hardware was empowering multi-mode comprehension, real-
          time translation, intelligent writing and precise scenario-specific recommendations, among other
          functions, in a process of radical transformation of the handset into an “AI agent terminal”.
          Source: PRC Ministry of Industry and Information Technology

2.2.2 Business and Financial Analysis of the Group

     In 2025, faced with the challenges and opportunities brought by the rapid development of artificial
     intelligence, the Group persisted in innovation and pioneering as initial success was noted for an
     upgraded strategy of “connectivity + computing”, underpinned by a return to growth in operating
     revenue. In the meantime, net profit attributable to the parent company was subject to pressure given
     the backdrop of the transition of industry cycles coupled with adjustments to the business mix.

     For 2025, the Group report operating revenue of RMB133,895.5 million, representing year-on-year
     growth of 10.38%. Net profit attributable to the holders of ordinary shares of the listed company
     amounting to RMB5,617.7 million, decreasing by 33.32%, year-on-year. Net profit attributable to the
     holders of ordinary shares of the listed company after extraordinary items amounted to RMB3,370.4
     million, decreasing by 45.45%, year-on-year.




                                                                                                           29
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


          2.2.2.1 Operating revenue, costs and gross profit margin

               1.    Breakdown of operating revenue, costs and gross profit margin by industry, business and
                     region

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                                                                   Year-on-year
                                                                                                                                      increase/
                                                                                                         Year-on-year Year-on-year decrease in
                                                                          As a                              increase/    increase/ gross profit
                                                          Operating percentage    Operating Gross profit decrease in decrease in         margin
                                                           revenue of operating       costs      margin     operating    operating (percentage
                      Operating revenue mix                for 2025    revenue     for 2025    for 2025       revenue        costs       points)

                      I. By industry
                         Manufacturing of computer,
                            communication and other
                            electronic equipment          133,895.5       100%     93,391.3      30.25%       10.38%        24.01%         (7.66)
                           Total                          133,895.5       100%     93,391.3      30.25%       10.38%        24.01%         (7.66)
                      II. By business
                          Carriers’ network                62,857.0     46.94%     32,628.1      48.09%       (10.62%)      (5.50%)        (2.81)
                          Government and corporate
                             business                      37,222.1     27.80%     33,138.5      10.97%      100.49%       110.80%         (4.36)
                          Consumer business                33,816.4     25.26%     27,624.7      18.31%        4.35%        10.22%         (4.35)
                           Total                          133,895.5       100%     93,391.3      30.25%       10.38%        24.01%         (7.66)
                      III. By region
                           The PRC                         89,734.1     67.02%     61,664.8      31.28%        9.42%        32.35%        (11.90)
                           Asia (excluding the PRC)        17,803.0     13.29%     12,619.4      29.12%       15.68%        15.74%          (0.04)
                           Africa                           6,934.6      5.18%      4,429.8      36.12%        7.97%         4.60%           2.06
                           Europe, Americas and Oceania    19,423.8     14.51%     14,677.3      24.44%       11.12%         8.07%           2.14
                           Total                          133,895.5       100%     93,391.3      30.25%       10.38%        24.01%         (7.66)


               2.    Analysed by market

                     (1)      Domestic market

                              For 2025, the Company’s operating revenue from the domestic market amounted to
                              RMB89,734.1 million, growing by 9.42% year-on-year and accounting for 67.02% of
                              its operating revenue. Gross profit margin was 31.28%, a year-on-year decrease by
                              11.90 percentage points.




30
                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                      II. Report of the Board of Directors


      In connection with carrier customers, reduction in the Company’s revenue from
      carriers’ network was subject to pressure as domestic carriers’ investment continued
      to decline in a period of maturity for 5G network construction. In response, the
      Company continued to make deeper efforts with its wireless and wireline products to
      reinforce their role as the business anchor, whilst actively pursuing the intelligent
      computing data centre projects of carriers. In the meantime, we were making
      prospective plans in connection with evolutionary technologies such as the
      integration of air, space and terrestrial applications, self-intelligent networks, 10Gb
      optical network, among others, with a view to forging a solid foundation for the next
      stage of network construction. In connection with government and corporate
      customers, the Company doubled revenue from its government and corporate
      business as it continued to make breakthroughs with leading customers for servers
      and other computing products, leveraging opportunities arising from the move to
      increase investment in intelligent computing by leading domestic Internet companies
      and industry corporations. In connection with consumers, the Company maintained
      stable market shares for its home terminals as it actively addressed competition in
      the market. We reported rapid growth in the sales of mobile Internet products, while
      sales of our cloud PC terminal exceeded 2 million sets. All in all, the consumer
      business has maintained steady performance.

(2)   International market

      For 2025, the Company’s operating revenue from the international market amounted
      to RMB44,161.4 million, growing by 12.39% year-on-year and accounting for
      32.98% of its operating revenue. Gross profit margin was 28.16%, increasing by
      1.25 percentage points, year-on-year.

      In connection with carrier customers, the Company continued to be engaged in in-
      depth development and innovation to enhance operation in its existing markets in
      persistent adherence to the strategy of focusing in large nations and big Ts
      (mainstream telecom carriers), while capitalising on market opportunities presented
      by 5G and optical fibre construction to expand and drive relatively rapid growth in
      revenue from international carriers’ network. In connection with government and
      corporate customers, the Company deepened cooperation with Chinese enterprises
      engaged in overseas expansion and completed large-scale deployment in a number
      of countries and regions in response to overseas demand for the construction of
      computing infrastructure such as server, data centre and new energy, driving rapid
      growth in revenue from the government and corporate business. In connection with
      consumers, the Company was focused on key large nations as it enhanced brand
      building for Nubia handsets, while vigorously expanding in the public channel
      markets of Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Africa, Europe and Latin America to
      strengthen the development of retail fronts. Double-digit growth in revenue from
      handset sales was reported as a result.




                                                                                          31
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


               3.    Analysed by business segment

                     (1)   Carriers’ network

                           For 2025, the Company’s operating revenue from carriers’ network amounted to
                           RMB62,857.0 million, a decrease by 10.62%, year-on-year, reflecting mainly
                           decrease in revenue from products such as wireless access and fixed network.
                           Gross profit margin was 48.09%, a decrease by 2.81 percentage points, year-on-
                           year, attributable mainly to the decline in gross profit margin for wireless access
                           products.

                           In connection with the traditional networks of carriers, the Company registered
                           stable growth in market shares for its core wireless and wireline products. In
                           connection with wireless products in the domestic market, we actively addressed
                           the challenge of declining 5G investment by carriers and maintained stability in our
                           market pattern, whilst planning for the future by advancing commercial 5G-A
                           deployment and tapping into preliminary research of 6G technologies. In the
                           international market, the Company secured significant shares of the dual network
                           integration project in Indonesia, while securing successful launch of its 5G products
                           in the Vietnamese market. We have also reported increment in market shares in
                           numerous countries including the Philippines, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Kazakhstan,
                           Cameroon and Tanzania. For core network products, we sustained our position in
                           the domestic market duopoly, while internationally we reported stable operation in the
                           existing markets underpinned by new breakthroughs with the branch companies of
                           big Ts in various African and Latin American nations. For wireline products, the
                           Company maintained its undisputed global leadership in fixed network products with
                           extensive global deployment of PON OLT, while actively driving the commercial
                           application of 50G PON. In connection with optical transmission products, we
                           registered continuous increase in market shares for the 400G OTN capacity
                           expansion projects of domestic carriers. Internationally, we have optimised our
                           market presence in Indonesia and Malaysia, while making breakthroughs with
                           mainstream carriers in Thailand, Mexico and Chile as well as securing sizeable sales
                           in the Korean market. We won the bid to supply core routers under China Mobile,
                           China Telecom and China Unicom’s respective centralised procurements, ranking
                           second in terms of market shares.

                           In connection with carriers’ computing networks, the Company’s full-stack, all-
                           scenario intelligent computing solutions are capable of fulfilling the differentiating
                           requirements under a variety of scenarios. In connection with server and storage,
                           our intelligent computing servers continued to deployed at domestically-
                           manufactured regional intelligent computing nodes and resource pool projects, whilst
                           winning the bid for China Mobile’s centralised procurement of quasi-CUDA
                           ecospheric servers with the largest market share. In connection with data centre
                           switch, the Company reported growth in market shares for China Mobile’s
                           centralised procurement. For data centre, the Company seized opportunities arising
                           from investments and construction under East-to-West Computing, reporting large-
                           scale breakthroughs in the eight major nodes of East-to-West Computing to secure
                           a more extensive presence.

                     (2)   Government and corporate business

                           For 2025, the Company’s operating revenue from the government and corporate
                           business amounted to RMB37,222.1 million, increasing by 100.49%, year-on-year,
                           attributable mainly to the growth in revenue from server and storage. Gross profit
                           margin was 10.97%, decreasing by 4.36 percentage points, year-on-year, attributable
                           mainly to changes in the revenue mix.




32
                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                       II. Report of the Board of Directors


      In connection with the government and corporate market, the Company reported
      leaping growth in revenue as it seized opportunities arising from increasing
      investment in intelligent computing with a special focus on the dual driver of
      “technology + scenarios”, which has become a new engine driving the Company’s
      revenue growth. In connection with server and storage, in the domestic market, the
      Company boasted full coverage of leading enterprises in the Internet sector while
      maintaining sizeable business and optimized pattern with large banks, securities firms
      and insurance companies. Domestically manufactured 1,000-card intelligent
      computing resource pools were created for power companies, while breakthroughs
      were made in a number of key projects in the government and corporate market. In
      the international market, the Company entered into large-scale cooperation with
      leading domestic Internet companies in connection with their overseas business
      expansion, whilst continuing to expand its clientele of overseas local customers, as
      steady increase in market shares were registered in core countries in Asia, Europe,
      Africa and Latin America. In connection with data centre switch, ongoing
      breakthroughs were made in the domestic financial, power and Internet sectors, as
      we won the bid for the high-end switch project of a major State-owned bank as the
      first-ranking supplier, while overseeing large-scale commercial application of
      intelligent computing projects in the power sector. In the Internet sector, our white-
      box switch were put to large-scale commercial application at leading Internet
      companies. In connection with data centre, we strengthened cooperation with leading
      Internet companies to increase our market shares in line with our focus on high-
      value customers in the domestic market, as we won the bids for the disaster
      recovery centre projects of four major State-owned banks. In the international
      market, we fortified our position in the Southeast Asian market and expanded our
      presence in the African, European and Latin American markets, with business debuts
      in a number of high-end markets underlining our sound operation.

(3)   Consumer business

      For 2025, the Company’s operating revenue from the consumer business amounted
      to RMB33,816.4 million, increasing by 4.35%, year-on-year, attributable mainly to the
      growth in revenue from handset and mobile Internet products and cloud PCs. Gross
      profit margin was 18.31%, decreasing by 4.35 percentage points, year-on-year,
      attributable mainly to the decline in gross profit margin for home terminals.

      In connection with the consumer business, we have developed a full-scenario matrix
      of AI terminal comprising mainly home terminals, handsets, mobile Internet products
      and cloud PCs. In connection with home terminals, we maintained our leading
      position in the domestic FTTR market, whilst extensively establishing our presence in
      Wi-Fi 7 home network terminals. In the international market, we reported large-scale
      commercial application in numerous regions in Europe, Asia and Latin America,
      leveraging opportunities presented by the evolution and upgrade of Wi-Fi 7 products.
      In connection with handsets and mobile Internet products, we persisted in the
      product strategy and philosophy of “AI for All”, as our handset products were
      focused on the gaming + AI scenario. In the domestic market, we have launched
      Z80 Ultra, the street snap and gaming flagship of Nubia, and the Red Magic 11Pro
      series, the first handset in the industry featuring dual air and water cooling functions.
      Nubia M153, the industry’s first AI agent handset, has also been launched in
      association with our partners. In the international market, we were stepping up with
      brand building for Nubia handset whilst expanding its sales in public channels. 5G
      FWA&MBB, our mobile Internet products, maintained first ranking in global market
      share for five years in a row, as we reported rapid growth in revenue from 5G FWA
      products equipped with proprietary chips. In connection with cloud PCs, we
      continued to support the large-scale commercial application of cloud PCs by
      domestic carriers, while assisting customers in the financial sector and large
      corporations to ensure safe office operations enabled by efficient intelligent
      applications.




                                                                                            33
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


               4.    Other information

                     (1)   Changes in the scope of consolidation and analysis of operating revenue and operating
                           costs for the comparable period of 2024

                           In 2025, the Company incorporated SHANGHAI SHEQI JI YUAN INTELLIGENT
                           TERMINAL Co., LTD., INTELLIBRIGHT INTERCONNECT LIMITED, GEE WIN TECH
                           LIMITED, SINGAPORE CYBERMETA HOLDING PTE. LTD., ZTE Telecom (Thailand)
                           Co., Ltd., ZTE (LAO) Sole Co., Ltd. and ZTE LIBERIA INC. The aforementioned
                           subsidiaries have been included in the consolidated financial statements.

                           In 2025, the Company’s subsidiaries ZICT Suzhou Technology Co., Ltd., ZTE
                           VESERVICE,C.A., ZHONGXING CORPORATION EL SALVADOR, S.A. DE C.V., ZTE
                           (USA) INC., ZTE (TX) INC. and ZTE HAITI S.A completed deregistration. The
                           aforementioned subsidiaries have been excluded from the consolidated financial
                           statements.

                           A comparative analysis of revenue and cost of sales for 2024 excluding the
                           aforesaid subsidiaries which were no longer included in the consolidated statements
                           is set out as follows:

                                                                                               Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                                     Year-on-year
                            Item                                    2025                2024    increase/decrease

                            Operating revenue                 133,895.5          121,292.3                10.39%
                            Cost of sales                      93,391.3           75,320.8                23.99%
                                                                                                    Decreased by
                                                                                                  7.65 percentage
                            Gross profit margin                   30.25%           37.90%                   points

                     (2)   Breakdown of the Group’s costs of sales by principal items

                                                                                               Unit: RMB in millions

                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                 As a                       As a           Year-on-
                                                          percentage                  percentage               year
                                                          of operating               of operating         increase/
                            Item                   Amount       costs         Amount       costs          decrease
                            Raw materials          76,947.3       82.39%     61,698.5          81.92%      24.72%
                            Engineering costs      13,269.8       14.21%     10,287.2          13.66%      28.99%
                            Others                  3,174.2        3.40%      3,325.4           4.42%      (4.55%)
                            Total                  93,391.3        100%      75,311.1           100%       24.01%

                     (3)   Major customers and suppliers

                           The Company provides innovative ICT technology and product solutions to telecom
                           carriers and government and corporate clients and terminal products to consumers.
                           Suppliers of the Group include suppliers of raw materials worldwide and outsourcing
                           manufacturers, who have established stable business relationships with the Group.

                           Sales by the Group in 2025 to its largest customer amounted to RMB27,395.0
                           million, accounting for 20.46% of the total sales of the Group, while sales to its top
                           five customers amounted to RMB60,084.6 million, accounting for 44.87% of the total
                           sales of the Group.




34
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                    II. Report of the Board of Directors


                   Purchases by the Group from its largest supplier in 2025 amounted to RMB4,870.9
                   million, accounting for 4.98% of the total purchases of the Group, while the
                   purchases made from its top five suppliers amounted to RMB19,087.9 million,
                   accounting for 19.53% of the total purchases of the Group.

                   The top five customers and top five suppliers were not in any way connected to the
                   Company. None of the Directors or their close associates, senior management, key
                   technical employees, shareholders to the knowledge of the Directors holding 5% or
                   more of the shares and other connected parties of the Company had any direct or
                   indirect interest in any of the aforesaid top five customers or top five suppliers of the
                   Group.

           (4)     Progress during 2025 of material sales and purchase contracts entered into during
                   and prior to 2025

                   □ Applicable    √ N/A

2.2.2.2 Expenses

                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                              Year-on-year
       Item                                                 2025                2024     increase/decrease
       R&D cost                                         22,755.0            24,031.5                 (5.31%)
       Selling and distribution cost                     9,223.5             8,900.5                  3.63%
       Administrative expenses                           4,219.8             4,477.0                 (5.74%)
       Finance cost                                       (226.7)             (264.6)               14.32%
       Income tax                                          737.8               874.0               (15.58%)

      The Group’s research and development costs for 2025 amounted to RMB22,755.0 million,
      decreasing year-on-year by 5.31% attributable mainly to precise investment of resources with a
      special focus on high-potential and strategic R&D projects, as a percentage of operating
      revenue decreasing by 2.82 percentage points to 16.99%, year-on-year.

      The Group’s selling and distribution costs for 2025 amounted to RMB9,223.5 million, increasing
      year-on-year by 3.63% attributable mainly to increased investment in marketing, and accounting
      for 6.89% of operating revenue, a decrease by 0.45 percentage point, year-on-year.

      The Group’s administrative expenses for 2025 amounted to RMB4,219.8 million, decreasing
      year-on-year by 5.74% attributable mainly to the improved management efficiency, and
      accounted for 3.15% of operating revenue, a decrease by 0.54 percentage point, year-on-year.

      The Group’s finance costs for 2025 amounted to RMB-226.7 million, increasing year-on-year by
      14.32%, attributable mainly to the combined effect of a decrease in net interest income and a
      decrease in exchange loss from exchange rate volatility for the period.

      The Group’s income tax for 2025 amounted to RMB737.8 million, decreasing year-on-year by
      15.58%, attributable mainly to the decrease in total profit.




                                                                                                           35
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


          2.2.2.3 R&D investment

               (1)    R&D investment

                                                                                     Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                           Year-on-year
                         Item                                   2025        2024      increase/decrease

                         R&D investment amount               24,475.1    25,508.9                (4.05%)
                         Including: Amount accounted for
                                     as expense              22,755.0    24,031.5                (5.31%)
                                    Amount accounted
                                      for as capitalised      1,720.1     1,477.4               16.43%
                         R&D investment as a                                              Decreased by
                           percentage of operating                                      2.75 percentage
                           revenue                           18.28%      21.03%                   points
                         Capitalised R&D investment as                                     Increased by
                           a percentage of R&D                                          1.24 percentage
                           investment                         7.03%       5.79%                   points

               (2)    R&D personnel

                                                                                           Year-on-year
                         Item                                   2025        2024      increase/decrease

                         Headcount of R&D personnel           31,589      33,184                 (4.81%)
                         R&D personnel as a percentage
                           of total headcount of the
                           Group                             48.53%      48.53%                       —
                         Academic qualification profile of
                           R&D personnel
                         Doctorate degree                        480         435                10.34%
                         Master’s degree                      20,276      21,124                (4.01%)
                         Undergraduate                         9,756      10,450                (6.64%)
                         Others                                1,077       1,175                (8.34%)
                         Age profile of R&D personnel
                         Under 35                             15,605      17,582                (11.24%)
                         35 and above                         15,984      15,602                  2.45%

          2.2.2.4 Other components in the profit mix

                                                                                     Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                           Year-on-year
                  Item                                          2025        2024      increase/decrease

                  Other gains                                 2,886.8     2,932.7               (1.57%)
                  Investment income                             452.6       112.4              302.67%
                  Gains from changes in fair value              101.6      (625.1)             116.25%
                  Credit impairment loss (loss indicated
                    as a negative value)                       101.3         92.5                (9.51%)
                  Asset impairment loss (loss indicated
                    as a negative value)                       (627.7)     (933.2)             (32.74%)
                  Gains from asset disposal                       5.0        95.7              (94.78%)
                  Non-operating income                          200.7        76.3              163.04%
                  Non-operating expenses                        259.7       188.9               37.48%




36
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                 II. Report of the Board of Directors


      The Group’s other gains for 2025 amounted to RMB2,886.8 million, decreasing by 1.57% year-
      on-year which was basically unchanged compared to the same period in the previous year.

      The Group’s investment income for 2025 amounted to RMB452.6 million, increasing by
      302.67% year-on-year, which was attributable mainly to the increase in profit for associates and
      joint ventures for the period.

      The Group’s gain from changes in fair value for 2025 amounted to RMB101.6 million, increasing
      by 116.25%, year-on-year, which was attributable mainly to the gain on end-of-period fair-value
      revaluation of derivative contracts for the period versus loss for the same period last year.

      The Group’s credit impairment loss for 2025 amounted to RMB-101.3 million, decreasing by
      9.51% year-on-year which was attributable mainly to the reversal of impairment for other
      receivables for the period; the Group’s asset impairment loss for 2025 amounted to RMB627.7
      million, decreasing by 32.74% year-on-year which was attributable mainly to the decrease in
      provision for impairment of inventories for the period.

      The Group’s gain from asset disposal for 2025 amounted to RMB5.0 million, decreasing by
      94.78%, year-on-year, which was attributable mainly to the decrease in income from the
      disposal of non-current assets for the period.

      The Group’s non-operating income for 2025 amounted to RMB200.7 million, increasing by
      163.04%, year-on-year, which was attributable mainly to the increase in non-operating income
      for the period.

      The Group’s non-operating expenses for 2025 amounted to RMB259.7 million, increasing by
      37.48%, year-on-year, which was attributable mainly to the increase in non-operating loss for
      the period.

2.2.2.5 Cash flow

                                                                                    Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                                          Year-on-year
       Item                                             2025               2024      increase/decrease

       Sub-total of cash inflows from
         operating activities                      163,250.1           139,814.5               16.76%
       Sub-total of cash outflows from
         operating activities                      159,331.4           128,334.7               24.15%
       Net cash flows from operating
         activities                                   3,918.7           11,479.8               (65.86%)
       Sub-total of cash inflows from
         investing activities                      101,551.9            83,017.0               22.33%
       Sub-total of cash outflows from
         investing activities                      108,428.1           111,689.4                (2.92%)
       Net cash flows from investing
         activities                                  (6,876.2)         (28,672.4)              76.02%
       Sub-total of cash inflows from
         financing activities                        72,833.9          190,592.0               (61.79%)
       Sub-total of cash outflows from
         financing activities                        72,303.8          196,410.4               (63.19%)
       Net cash flows from financing
         activities                                     530.1           (5,818.4)             109.11%
       Net increase in cash and cash
         equivalents                                 (2,544.0)         (22,986.8)              88.93%




                                                                                                      37
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities for 2025 decreased year-on-year, reflecting
                mainly the increase in cash paid for the purchase of goods and labour services for the period.
                For the reasons underlying the difference between the net cash flow and net profit generated by
                the Group’s operating activities for 2025, please refer to “Note V.59. Notes to major items in the
                cash flow statement to the Financial Statements” in this report.

                The Group’s net cash flow from investing activities for 2025 increased year-on-year, reflecting
                mainly the decrease in net expense for time-deposit products for the period.

                The Group’s net cash flow from financing activities for 2025 increased year-on-year, reflecting
                mainly the increase in net borrowing for the period.

                Cash and cash equivalents of the Group as of 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB25,482.4
                million held mainly in RMB, with the remaining held in USD, EUR and other currencies.

          2.2.2.6 Assets and liabilities

                (1)   Change in major assets and liabilities

                                                                                                  Unit: RMB in millions

                                                         31 December 2025            31 December 2024
                                                                                                               Year-on-year
                                                                                                                   increase/
                                                                                                              decrease as a
                                                                           As a                       As a    percentage of
                                                                    percentage                 percentage       total assets
                                                                        of total                   of total     (percentage
                        Item                             Amount          assets     Amount          assets            points)

                        Total assets                    217,739.4      100.00%     207,323.2     100.00%                  —
                        Currency cash                    33,751.1       15.50%      43,885.3      21.17%               (5.67)
                        Trading financial assets         17,396.4        7.99%      13,768.8       6.64%                1.35
                        Trade receivables                21,670.1        9.95%      21,288.4      10.27%               (0.32)
                        Contract assets                   5,881.2        2.70%       4,972.1       2.40%                0.30
                        Inventories                      47,017.1       21.59%      41,257.7      19.90%                1.69
                        Debt investment                  31,081.3       14.27%      25,068.4      12.09%                2.18
                        Investment properties                94.6        0.04%          99.0       0.05%               (0.01)
                        Investment in associates and
                           joints                         2,578.3        1.18%       2,333.8       1.13%                0.05
                        Property, plant and equipment    13,421.9        6.16%      14,178.4       6.84%               (0.68)
                        Construction in progress            798.2        0.37%         685.4       0.33%                0.04
                        Right-of-use assets               1,534.3        0.70%       1,551.6       0.75%               (0.05)
                        Short-term loans                  3,628.7        1.67%       7,027.1       3.39%               (1.72)
                        Bills payable                    15,270.4        7.01%      10,959.3       5.29%                1.72
                        Trade payables                   18,766.8        8.62%      22,371.8      10.79%               (2.17)
                        Contract liabilities             15,600.7        7.16%      12,859.4       6.20%                0.96
                        Employee benefits payable        15,084.2        6.93%      16,991.7       8.20%               (1.27)
                        Non-current liabilities due
                           within one year                7,900.4        3.63%       5,592.7       2.70%                0.93
                        Long-term loans                  45,712.5       20.99%      44,058.9      21.25%               (0.26)
                        Lease liabilities                   940.4        0.43%         972.9       0.47%               (0.04)

                      As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s short-term loans amounted to RMB3,628.7 million,
                      decreasing by 48.36% compared to the previous year-end, which was mainly attributable
                      to an optimised debt structure with a lower proportion of short-term loans for the period.

                      As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s bills payable amounted to RMB15,270.4 million,
                      increasing by 39.34% compared to the previous year-end, which was mainly attributable
                      to the increase in purchases for the period.




38
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   II. Report of the Board of Directors


      As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s non-current liabilities due within one year amounted
      to RMB7,900.4 million, increasing by 41.26% compared to the previous year-end, which
      was mainly attributable to the increase in long-term borrowing due within one year for the
      period.

      For details of the Group’s assets subject to restricted ownership or right of use, please
      refer to “Note V.23. Assets under restrictions on ownership or right of use to the Financial
      Statements” in this report.

(2)   Change in property, plant and equipment

      As at 31 December 2025, the carrying value of the Group’s property, plant and equipment
      was RMB13,421.9 million, representing a 5.34% decrease compared to the end of last
      year, attributable mainly to the excess of the amortisation amount over the amount of new
      addition to property, plant and equipment for the period. Details of changes in property,
      plant and equipment are set out in “Note V.14. Property, plant and equipment to the
      Financial Statements” in this report.

(3)   Assets and liabilities at fair value

      Assets of the Group are stated at historical costs, except for derivative financial
      instruments, financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
      investment properties and receivables at fair value through other comprehensive income,
      which are measured at fair value. There was no material change to the measurement
      attributes of the principal assets of the Company during 2025.

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB in millions

                                                              Gains
                                                             arising Cumulative
                                                          from fair fair value              Amount        Amount
                                                              value     change Impairment purchased     disposed
                                                Opening change for dealt with charge for     for the    of for the    Other     Closing
       Item                                     balance    the year in equity    the year       year          year   change     balance

       Financial assets
       Including: 1. Trading financial assets
                       (excluding derivative
                       financial assets)        13,768.8      25.7         —           —     81,302.0    77,729.9      29.8     17,396.4
                  2. Derivative financial
                         assets                    173.4      66.9         —           —           —           —        (4.7)      235.6
                  3. Receivable financing        4,243.0        —          —         (0.2)   18,613.4    19,816.6         —      3,040.0
                  4. Other non-current
                        financial assets           715.8       0.7         —           —      1,100.0        22.6       (1.3)    1,792.6
       Sub-total of financial assets            18,901.0      93.3         —         (0.2) 101,015.4     97,569.1      23.8     22,464.6
       Investment properties                        99.0       (4.4)       —           —          —            —         —          94.6
       Total                                    19,000.0      88.9         —         (0.2) 101,015.4     97,569.1      23.8     22,559.2
       Financial liabilities                       274.6       (8.3)       6.8         —          —            —        (3.0)     270.1




                                                                                                                                      39
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


               (4)   Major overseas assets

                     □ Applicable      √ N/A

               (5)   Charges on assets

                     As at 31 December 2025, the carrying value of the Group’s assets under charge was
                     RMB542.8 million, which was applied mainly to acquire bank loans. For details, please
                     refer to “Note V. 24. Short-term loans and 33. Long-term loans to the Financial
                     Statements” in this report.

               (6)   Contingent liabilities

                     For details of the Group’s contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 required to be
                     disclosed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, please refer to “Note XII. 2 Contingent
                     events to the Financial Statements” in this report.

          2.2.2.7 Liquidity and capital structure

               (1)   Source and application of capital

                     In 2025, the Group’s development funds were financed mainly by cash generated from its
                     operations, bank loans and issuance of super short-term commercial papers (“SCPs”),
                     medium-term notes (“MTNs”) and H-share convertible bonds. The Group’s cash
                     requirements related primarily to production and operating activities, repayment of due
                     liabilities, capital expenditure, interest and dividend payments and other contingent cash
                     requirements. The Group has adopted a prudent capital management policy. The current
                     ratio and quick ratio for 2025 were 1.76 and 1.16, respectively. Sufficient funds are in
                     place to meet its debt repayment obligations as due, capital expenditure and the
                     requirements of normal production operations.

               (2)   Debt-equity ratio and the basis of calculation

                     Debt-equity ratio is calculated by dividing interest-bearing liabilities by the sum of
                     interest-bearing liabilities and equity (including non-controlling interests).

                     The Group’s debt-equity ratio as at 31 December 2025 was 46.3%, increasing by 2.0
                     percentage points as compared to 44.3% as at 31 December 2024, attributable mainly to
                     the increase in interest-bearing liabilities.




40
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                           II. Report of the Board of Directors


(3)   Analysis of debt

      For 2025, the Group’s debt comprised mainly long-term and short-term bank loans, SCPs
      and MTNs, mainly settled in RMB, USD and EUR without any notable seasonality of
      requirements. As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank loans amounted to
      RMB55,816.6 million in aggregate and the balance of MTNs amounted to RMB4,398.2
      million in aggregate applied mainly as working capital. All due debts had been settled.
      Bank loans and MTNs subject to interests at fixed rates amounted to approximately
      RMB13,638.10 million, while the remaining portion was subject to floating interest rates,
      the details of which are as follows:

      Analysed by short-term/long-term

                                                                            Unit: RMB in millions

                                                              31 December         31 December
       Item                                                          2025                2024

       Bank loan
         Short-term bank loans                                      10,104.1           11,475.0
         Long-term bank loans                                       45,712.5           44,058.9
       MTNs                                                          4,398.2            1,004.9
       Total                                                        60,214.8           56,538.8

      Short-term bank loans included short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings due
      within one year.

      Analysed by security

                                                                            Unit: RMB in millions

                                                              31 December         31 December
       Item                                                          2025                2024

       Bank loan
         Secured bank loans                                             15.6              112.9
         Unsecured bank loans                                       55,801.0           55,421.0
       Unsecured MTNs                                                4,398.2            1,004.9
       Total                                                        60,214.8           56,538.8

      For details of the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings as at 31 December 2025,
      please refer to “Note V. 24. Short-term loans, 32. Non-current liabilities due within one
      year, 33. Long-term loans and 34. Bonds payable to the Financial Statements” in this
      report.

      For details of the SCPs and MTNs issued by the Company, please refer to section “5.1
      DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS OF NON-FINANCIAL ENTERPRISES” in this report. In
      addition, the Company issued zero-coupon H-share convertible bonds in 2025. For details,
      please refer to the section “5.2 H-SHARE CONVERTIBLE BONDS” in this report.

      During the Reporting Period, the loan agreements entered into by the Group did not
      contain any covenants relating to specific performance of the controlling shareholder of the
      Company. The Group was not in breach of any loan agreement for loans that had a
      material impact on the Group’s business operation.




                                                                                               41
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


               (4)   Contractual obligations

                     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total bank loans amounted to RMB55,816.6 million,
                     increasing by RMB282.7 million compared to RMB55,533.9 million as at 31 December
                     2024, which was mainly applied towards working capital.

                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                           31 December        31 December
                      Item                                                        2025               2024

                      Less than one year                                        10,104.1          11,475.0
                      Less than two years                                       22,633.8          14,272.6
                      Three to five years                                       23,078.7          29,786.3
                      Beyond five years                                               —                 —
                      Total                                                     55,816.6          55,533.9

               (5)   Capital expenditure

                     For 2025, the Group’s capital expenditure, used mainly for purchase of equipment assets,
                     capitalisation of R&D expenditure and construction of office buildings for its own use,
                     amounted to RMB4,272.5 million, compared to RMB5,021.8 million for the same period
                     last year.

               (6)   Capital commitment

                     Capital commitment represents contract amounts under the Group’s contracts for
                     acquiring long-term assets and investment in and establishment of associates and joint
                     ventures which have yet to be completed and have not been recognised in the financial
                     statements.

                                                                                        Unit: RMB in millions

                                                                           31 December        31 December
                      Item                                                        2025               2024

                      Contracted but not provided for
                       Capital expenditure commitment                            3,097.4            2,457.1
                       Investment commitment                                       439.8              463.3
                      Total                                                      3,537.2            2,920.4

          2.2.2.8 Shares and Reserves

               (1)   Share capital and shares and debentures

                     Share capital and change

                     As at 31 December 2025, the total share capital of the Company in issue was
                     4,783,534,887 shares (including 4,028,032,353 A shares and 755,502,534 H shares), which
                     was unchanged versus the previous year-end.




42
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                          II. Report of the Board of Directors


      Issue of shares and debentures

      During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in the chapter headed “V. Information on
      Bonds” in this report, the Company and its subsidiaries did not issue any shares or
      debentures within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance of Hong Kong.

      Repurchase, sale and redemption of securities

      Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries repurchased, sold or redeemed any listed
      securities of the Company during the Reporting Period. As at 31 December 2025, the
      Company had no treasury shares.

      Equity-linked agreement

      During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in the section headed “5.2 H-SHARE
      CONVERTIBLE BONDS” in this report, the Group did not enter into any equity-linked
      agreement, nor was there any relevant agreement subsisting.

      Pre-emptive rights

      There are no clauses on pre-emptive rights under the Company Law or the Articles of
      Association that provide for the issue of new shares to existing shareholders by the
      Company on a pro-rata basis.

(2)   Reserve, proposed dividend and taxation

      Reserve

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s and the Company’s reserves amounted to
      RMB70,515.1 million and RMB59,578.4 million, respectively. For details of the reserve,
      please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of Change of Equity” and “Statement of
      Change of Equity” of the Financial Report. As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s
      reserve available for distribution to shareholders amounted to RMB29,365.4 million.

      Proposed dividend

      The Company’s proposal for profit distribution for 2025 recommended by the Board:
      distribution of RMB4.11 in cash (before tax) for every 10 shares to all shareholders based
      on the total share capital as at the record date for profit distribution and dividend
      payment. The aforesaid matter is subject to consideration and approval at the general
      meeting.




                                                                                             43
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                     Taxation

                     In accordance with laws and regulations pertinent to taxation on dividend, personal A
                     shareholders and securities investment funds are taxed on a differentiated basis, whereby
                     personal income tax is computed and withheld and paid according to the period of
                     shareholding. Dividend received by non-resident corporate A shareholders shall be subject
                     to a 10% enterprise income tax withheld and paid on their behalf. Dividend received by
                     Hong Kong market investors (including corporate and individual) holding A shares in the
                     Company through Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect (Northbound) shall be subject to a
                     10% income tax withheld and paid on their behalf.

                     Dividend received by non-resident corporate H shareholders shall be subject to a 10%
                     enterprise income tax withheld and paid on their behalf. Dividend received by non-resident
                     personal H shareholders which are residents of Hong Kong or Macau shall be subject to a
                     10% personal income tax withheld and paid on their behalf. Residents of countries or
                     regions under dividend income tax agreements with China shall be subject to personal
                     income tax withheld and paid on their behalf at relevant tax rates. Residents of countries
                     or regions without dividend income tax agreements with China shall be subject to
                     personal income tax withheld and paid on their behalf at a 20% tax rate. Dividend income
                     tax receivable by Mainland personal investors and securities investment funds holding H
                     shares in the Company through Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect (Southbound) shall
                     be subject to personal income tax withheld and paid on their behalf at a 20% tax rate.
                     Dividend income tax receivable by Mainland corporate investors holding H shares in the
                     Company through Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect (Southbound) shall be voluntarily
                     declared and paid by such Mainland corporate investors.

                     Shareholders entitled to preferential treatment under tax treaties may apply for such
                     treatment voluntarily or through the Company. Shareholders are advised to consult their
                     tax advisors on the tax implications of owning and disposing of the Company’s shares.

          2.2.2.9 Subsequent events

                For details of events of the Company subsequent to the Reporting Period, please refer to “Note
                XIII. POST-BALANCE SHEET DATE EVENTS to the Financial Report” in this report.

     2.2.3 Investment of the Group

          (1)   Investment in equity

                As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s investment in associates and joints amounted to
                RMB2,578.3 million, representing growth of 10.48% compared to RMB2,333.8 million as at the
                previous year-end, attributable mainly to the increase in profit from joint ventures and
                associates for the period. Other equity investments amounted to RMB767.4 million, representing
                a 6.86% decrease compared to RMB823.9 million as at the previous year-end, which was
                attributable mainly to the disposal of listed equity interests by subsidiary fund partnership
                enterprise of ZTE Capital for the period.

                The Group did not acquire any material equity investments in subsidiaries, associates or joint
                ventures or conduct any material non-equity investments in 2025.




44
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                                        II. Report of the Board of Directors


(2)   Principal subsidiaries and investee companies

      For 2025, net profit of Shenzhen ZetaMatrix Co., Ltd. (“ZetaMatrix”) accounted for more than
      10% of net profit on the face of the Group’s consolidated income statement.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB in millions

       Name of                                                Principal                Registered               Total              Net Operating Operating                           Net
       company                     Corporate type             operations                  capital              assets           assets  revenue      profit                        profit

       ZetaMatrix                  Subsidiary                 Software                            51.1      18,339.7            3,970.7        18,652.8            1,499.8       1,480.2
                                                                 development

      For details of other subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Group, please refer to
      “Note VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES and Note XV.5. Investment in associates, joints and
      subsidiaries to the Financial Report” in this report. For details of the Group’s acquisition and
      disposal of subsidiaries in 2025 and its impact please refer to “Note VII. CHANGE TO THE
      SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION to the Financial Report” in this report.

(3)   Structured entities under the control of the Company

      There was no structured entity under the control of the Company within the meaning of “ASBEs
      No. 41 — Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities.”

(4)   Investment in securities

      Details of shares in other listed companies held by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB ten thousands

                                                                                            Cumulative                                                          Shareholding
                                                             Book value Gains arising         fair value     Amount          Amount                             at the end of Shareholding
                                                                  at the      from fair          change    purchased     disposed of                Book value     the period percentage
                                                     Initial   beginning value change        accounted     during the     during the Gain/loss for   at the end       (10,000    at the end
       Stock code     Stock name                investment of the period for the period    for in equity       period         period   the period of the period       shares) of the period

       688630         Circuit FabologyNote 1         100.1        1,578.7      (1,478.5)             —             —         1,829.9         159.3           —               —           —
       301587         ZhongruiNote 1               3,000.0        6,836.8      (1,485.8)             —            1.2        2,255.7         (86.9)      4,389.0        191.0        1.30%
       600734         Start GroupNote 2                 —         2,396.2       1,161.6              —             —              —        1,161.6       3,557.8        948.2        0.44%
       ENA:TSV        Enablence                    3,583.3          501.7         182.7              —             —              —          182.7         684.4         79.2        1.17%
                         TechnologiesNote 3
       TRIO           Trikomsel Oke TbkNote 4        256.0            —              —               —             —             —              —            —         1,827.1       0.07%

       Total                                       6,939.4       11,313.4      (1,620.0)             —            1.2        4,085.6       1,416.7       8,631.2


      Note 1:       The Company and Changshu Changxing Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZTE
                    Capital (a subsidiary of the Company), held in aggregate 25.83% equity interests in Suzhou Zhonghe Chunsheng
                    Partnership Fund III (Limited Partnership) (“Zhonghe Chunsheng Fund III”). Zhonghe Chunsheng Fund III is a
                    partnership reported in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. Figures corresponding to Circuit
                    Fabology and Zhongrui are provided with Zhonghe Chunsheng Fund III as the accounting subject. The aforesaid
                    shareholdings were measured at fair value and accounted for as trading financial assets. Investments in the
                    aforesaid securities were funded by issue proceeds.

      Note 2:       Shenzhen Xingfei Technology Company Limited (“Xingfei”) had been an investee company of the Company in which
                    the Company had held a 4.9% shareholding. In August 2015, Fujian Start Group Co., Ltd. (“Start Group”)
                    acquired the entire equity interests in Xingfei by way of cash and share issuance, in connection with which the
                    Company received a consideration of RMB10 million in cash and 9,482,218 shares in Start Group, which were
                    unlocked for listing on 14 June 2023. Such shares were measured at fair value and accounted for as trading
                    financial assets.

      Note 3:       ZTE H.K. Limited (“ZTE HK”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired a total of 95 million shares in
                    Enablence Technologies in January 2015 and February 2016. Following the asset reorganisation and share
                    consolidation of Enablence Technologies in 2021, ZTE HK held 791,700 shares in Enablence Technologies. Such
                    shareholdings were measured at fair value and accounted for as other non-current financial assets. Investments
                    in the aforesaid securities were funded by internal resources.




                                                                                                                                                                                        45
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                Note 4:     PT. ZTE Indonesia (“ZTE Indonesia”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, held trade receivables with an
                            amount of RMB2.56 million against its customer Trikomsel. Subsequently, Trikomsel underwent a debt
                            restructuring and the court ruled to convert the aforesaid trade receivables into 18,271,000 Trikomsel shares,
                            which are currently frozen by the Indonesia Stock Exchange. Such shares were measured at fair value and had a
                            carrying value of zero as at the end of the period. They were accounted for as other non-current financial
                            assets.

                Note 5:     The Group adheres to the principle of prudent investment in its securities investment and meticulously implements
                            its securities investment management regulations and internal measures relating to investment procedures, risk
                            control and funding control. The Company’s Internal Audit Department is responsible for auditing and supervision
                            of its securities investment on a regular basis, including examination of the internal control procedures and
                            processes for securities investment.

                Note 6:     The securities investment conducted by the Group did not constitute discloseable transactions under Chapter 14
                            of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


          (5)   Derivative trading

                Exchange volatility risk and related hedge

                The Group’s consolidated financial statements are expressed in RMB. The exchange rate risk of
                the Group arises mainly from foreign exchange exposures associated with the sales, purchases
                and financing settled in currencies other than RMB and the volatility of exchange rates. The
                Group adopts ongoing measures to strengthen foreign exchange risk management covering the
                entire business process and seeks to reduce exchange rate risk through the use of measures
                such as business strategic guidance, internal settlement management, financing mix
                optimisation and value-protected derivative products on exchange rates. The Group also
                strengthens liquidity risk management in countries experiencing foreign exchange distress, whilst
                advancing RMB pricing and settlement for overseas projects to lower its exchange risks in the
                long term.

                Derivative trading for the purpose of value protection

                As considered and passed at the Forty-first Meeting of the Ninth Session of the Board of
                Directors of the Company held on 28 February 2025 and the 2024 Annual General Meeting held
                on held on 28 March 2025, the Group conducted derivative trading in foreign exchange
                derivatives for value-protection hedging purposes with its internal funds during 2025. Details are
                as follows:

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB in ten thousand

                                                                                Cumulative                                                                   Closing
                                                                                 fair-value                                                            balance as a
                                                                                    change                       Amount         Amount                percentage of
                                            Initial                Fair-value included in        Investment    purchased    disposed of                net assets at
                  Type of derivative   investment       Opening gain/loss for equity for the    gain for the   during the    during the      Closing the end of the
                  trading                 amount        balance   the period         period           period       period        period      balance            year

                  Foreign exchange
                     derivative                 —     3,252,069.0      9,287.8        (505.2)        3,978.3 23,425,201.2 22,851,750.3    3,825,519.9        50.72%




46
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                           II. Report of the Board of Directors


Items                          Statement

Accounting policy and          The Group accounted for its derivative trades in accordance with
  accounting audit             “ASBE No.22 — Recognition and measurement of financial
  principles                   instruments” and “ASBE No.24 — Hedge accounting”.

Actual gain/loss for 2025      The Company has recognised net gain of RMB29 million in
  and effectiveness of         aggregation after gain on derivative contracts used for hedging of
  value-protection             RMB133 million and exchange loss on hedged currency
  hedging                      exposures of RMB104 million for 2025. All derivative trades of the
                               Group were aimed at hedging and value protection. The hedged
                               items such as foreign exchange assets, foreign exchange
                               liabilities and the hedging instruments were foreign exchange
                               derivatives. The value movements in the hedge instruments
                               effectively hedged the risk of value movements in the hedged
                               items and basically achieved the expected goals in risk
                               management.

Changes in the market          For 2025, fair-value gain/loss included in gain or loss of the
 prices or fair values of      derivative trading of the Group amounted to RMB93 million,
 invested derivatives          investment gain amounted to RMB40 million, and cumulative fair-
 during the Reporting          value change included in equity amounted to RMB-5 million. The
 Period, the specific          calculation of the fair value was based on forward exchange rates
 methods, assumptions          quoted by Reuters on a balance sheet date in line with the
 and parameters adopted        maturity date of the product.
 in the analysis of the fair
 values of the derivatives

Risk analysis and control      1.   Analysis of major risks:
  measures
                                    (1)    Market risks

                                           The difference between the exchange rate or
                                           interest rate for settlement of derivative trading
                                           contracts and the exchange rate or interest rate
                                           prevailing on the maturity date will be accounted
                                           for as investment gains or losses on revaluation for
                                           each accounting period during the effective period
                                           of the derivative. Effective gains or losses shall be
                                           represented by the cumulative gains or losses on
                                           revaluation on the maturity date. Movements in the
                                           fair value of trade contracts provide a hedge
                                           against movements in the value of the
                                           corresponding risk assets, although there is still
                                           possibility that loss will be incurred.




                                                                                                   47
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                  Items                              Statement

                                                            (2)    Liquidity risks

                                                                   Derivative trading is based on the Group’s budget
                                                                   of foreign exchange income and expenditure and
                                                                   actual foreign currency loans. Derivative
                                                                   transactions either match the actual foreign
                                                                   exchange transactions to ensure sufficient fund for
                                                                   settlement on completion, or net derivative
                                                                   settlement is elected to reduce cashflow
                                                                   requirements on the maturity date to avert liquidity
                                                                   risk.

                                                            (3)    Contract fulfillment risks

                                                                   The counterparties of the derivative trading of the
                                                                   Group are banks or non-bank financial institutions
                                                                   with sound credit ratings and long-standing
                                                                   business relationships with the Group, therefore the
                                                                   transactions were basically free from performance
                                                                   risks.

                                                            (4)    Other risks

                                                                   Failure of personnel in charge to operate derivative
                                                                   trading in accordance with stipulated procedures or
                                                                   fully understand information regarding derivatives in
                                                                   actual operation may result in operational risks;
                                                                   obscure terms in the trade contract may result in
                                                                   legal risks.

                                                     2.     Control measures adopted for risk prevention

                                                            The Group’s derivative trading is aimed at reducing the
                                                            impact of exchange rate and interest rate movements on
                                                            the Company. Risky speculative trading is prohibited. The
                                                            Group addressed legal risks by entering into contracts
                                                            with clear and precise terms with financial institutions
                                                            and strictly enforcing its risk management system. The
                                                            Group has formulated the “Risk Control and Information
                                                            Disclosure System relating to Investments in Derivatives”
                                                            that contains specific provisions for the risk control,
                                                            approval procedures and subsequent management of
                                                            derivative investments, so that derivative trading will be
                                                            effectively regulated and risks relating to derivative
                                                            trading duly controlled. The Internal Audit Department of
                                                            the Company conducts vetting and assessment of
                                                            derivative trading on a semi-annual basis.

                Note: The opening balance represented the amount denominated in the original currency translated at the exchange rate
                      prevailing at the end of the year. The opening balance, closing balance, amounts of purchase and amounts of
                      disposal for the period are presented in the nominal principal amounts. Derivative trading incurred by the Group
                      during the period did not constitute discloseable transactions under Chapter 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




48
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                 II. Report of the Board of Directors


(6)   Subscription for fund units

      The Company has subscribed for Shaanxi Jianxing Zhanlu Equity Investment Partnership
      Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Jianxing Zhanlu Fund”) with a capital contribution of RMB117
      million in the capacity of limited partner. The size of Jianxing Zhanlu Fund is RMB300 million.
      For details, please refer to the “Overseas Regulatory Announcement” published by the Company
      on 2 February 2026.

      The Company has subscribed for Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area Venture
      Investment Steering Fund Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“GBA Fund”) with a
      capital contribution of RMB200 million in the capacity of limited partner. The size of GBA Fund
      is RMB50.45 billion. The GBA Fund has completed the industrial and commercial registration
      change and the private investment fund registration procedures. For details, please refer to the
      “Overseas Regulatory Announcements” published by the Company on 6 February 2026 and
      2 March 2026, respectively.

(7)   Entrusted fund management

      Subject to fulfillment of the Company’s day-to-day working capital requirements, the Company
      utilises its internal funds to purchase financial products with a view to enhancing the efficiency
      of fund application and increasing investment gains from treasury operations to procure higher
      returns for the Company and its shareholders.

      Pursuant to the “Resolution on Proposed Application of Internal Funds in Entrusted Fund
      Management for 2025” considered and approved at the Forty-first Meeting of the Ninth Session
      of the Board held on 28 February 2025 and the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company
      held on 28 March 2025, it was approved that the Company be authorised to apply internal
      funds with a total amount of not more than RMB30 billion on a rolling basis during the effective
      period of the authorisation for the purchase of financial products from financial institutions such
      as banks, securities companies and fund companies in 2025, whereby the transaction amount at
      any point of time during the period shall not exceed the aforesaid investment limit. The
      authorisation shall be effective for the period from the date on which the resolution was
      considered and approved at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company to the date on
      which the 2025 Annual General Meeting is convened.

      The Group applies its internal funds to entrusted fund management subject to assurance of its
      day-to-day operation, to the extent that the normal turnover of its day-to-day working capital
      requirements and the normal operation of its principal businesses are not affected. The Group
      places a strong emphasis on fund security and conducts itself in strict accordance with the
      principle of prudent investment, choosing low/medium risk products issued by financial
      institutions with good reputation, solid capital strength, sound governance structures,
      comprehensive risk control regimes and regulated operations and management. We have formed
      assessment teams to conduct merit-based selection of investments based on horizontal price
      comparisons and comprehensive assessments of multiple institutions and products, taking into
      account multi-dimensional factors such as underlying asset quality, risk rating, liquidity
      arrangements and yield rate. Movements in the net value of such products are analysed and
      tracked on a continuous basis and relevant safeguarding measures are adopted in a timely
      manner whenever risk factors that might affect the Company’s fund security are identified, in
      order to control investment risks and safeguard fund security. The Company’s Internal Audit
      Department is responsible for the audit of and supervision over its entrusted fund management
      activities whereby the operating process of fund management is subject to a vetting process.




                                                                                                      49
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


                Details of the financial products purchased by the Group during the Reporting Period are set out
                as follows:

                                                                                                     Unit: RMB in ten thousands

                                                                           Balance at the
                                                                               end of the          Outstanding
                                                                                Reporting        balance at the
                                                                                Period of            end of the         Overdue and
                                                                                  amount              Reporting         unrecovered
                  Product type                  Risk profile                 incurredNote 1              Period              amount

                  Financial product             Low/medium risk                   3,000,000            1,855,000                     —
                  Total                                                          3,000,000            1,855,000                      —

                Note 1:     The balance of the amount incurred under entrusted fund management for the Reporting Period represents
                            the maximum daily balance under a specific type of entrusted fund management during the Reporting Period,
                            namely, the maximum value of the daily outstanding aggregate balance under such type of entrusted fund
                            management during the Reporting Period.

                Note 2:     For 2025, the Group did not entrust as the sole appointor any financial institution to conduct asset
                            management, nor enter into any high-risk entrusted fund management with low level of security or poor
                            liquidity, nor was it subject to any situation of expected non-recovery of principal amount or situation that
                            might otherwise result in impairment.


                As at 31 December 2025, the balance of the outstanding financial products purchased by the
                Group amounted to RMB18.55 billion, accounting for 8.52% of the total assets of the Group.
                No financial products purchased from a single financial institution carried an outstanding
                balance (in aggregate) that exceeded 5% of the total asset value of the Group.

                Other than the financial products disclosed in the announcements headed “DISCLOSEABLE
                TRANSACTION SUBSCRIPTION OF WEALTH MANAGEMENT PRODUCTS” published by the
                Company on 10 February 2025, 21 February 2025 and 30 April 2025, respectively, as at the
                date of publication of this report, no other financial products purchased by the Group constitute
                discloseable transactions under the provision of Rule 14.22 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

                It is the intention of the Company to continue to purchase financial products with its unutilised
                internal funds in the future, subject to fulfilment of normal working capital requirements and
                control of funding risks. The purchase of financial products does not have any material impact
                on the Company’s future operations.

          (8)   Plans for material investments or acquisition of capital assets

                During 2025, the Group did not conduct material investment or acquisition of capital assets.
                The performance and prospects of the Group’s external investments have been disclosed in this
                chapter. The Group will arrange future plans for investment or acquisition of capital assets
                according to its strategic planning and the actual conditions of its operations.

          (9)   Material asset and equity disposal

                The Group did not conduct any material equity disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint
                ventures or material asset disposal during 2025.

          (10) Use of proceeds

                For details of the use of proceeds from the Company’s issuance of MTNs, SCPs and H-share
                Convertible Bonds, please refer to the section headed “V. Information on Bonds” in this report.




50
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                    II. Report of the Board of Directors


2.2.4 Directors, Employees and Stakeholders

    (1)   Directors

          List of Directors

          The Board of Directors of the Company comprises nine Directors, including one Executive
          Director Mr. Xu Ziyang; four Non-executive Directors: Ms. Fang Rong (Chair), Mr. Yan Junwu,
          Mr. Zhu Weimin and Mr. Zhang Hong; three Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. Zhuang
          Jiansheng, Mr. Wang Qinggang and Mr. Tsui Kei Pang; and one Employee Director Ms. Li
          Miaona.

          Service contracts

          The Company did not enter into any service contract which is not determinable by the
          Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation)
          with any Director.

          Competing interests

          None of the Directors has interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete,
          either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.

          Interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

          None of the Directors of the Company or entities which are connected to the Directors was or
          had been materially interested, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements
          and contracts of significance to which the Group is a party subsisting during or at the end of
          2025.

          Permitted indemnity provision

          The Company has made appropriate arrangements for insurance in connection with the duties of
          the Directors and senior management of the Company with a view to procuring timely and
          proper compensation for any economic loss incurred by third parties as a result of the
          performance of duties in office by the Directors and senior management. The aforesaid
          permitted indemnity provision based on Directors’ interests had been in effect during the
          financial year ended 31 December 2025 pursuant to Section 470 of the Company Ordinance
          and remained in effect at the time of the approval of the Report of the Board of Directors
          prepared by the Directors pursuant to Section 391(1)(a) of the Company Ordinance.

    (2)   Management contracts

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not enter into or maintain any contract for the
          management or administration of all or all material part of the Company’s business with any
          parties other than the Directors or any full-time employee of the Company.

    (3)   Stakeholders

          The Company respects the rights of stakeholders such as customers, suppliers, employees,
          banks, other creditors and the community, and works actively with these stakeholders to
          promote the sound and sustainable development of the Company.




                                                                                                       51
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


     2.2.5 Legal compliance, environmental policy and donations

          (1)   Compliance with laws and regulations

                The Group is global leading provider of integrated information and communication technology
                solutions. The laws and regulations which have a material impact on the business and
                operations of the Group include, but are not limited to, those pertaining to corporations,
                contracts, product safety, privacy protection and data compliance, intellectual property and
                other pertinent laws and regulations of relevant countries and regions and trade rules of
                relevant international organisations, countries and regions. The Group endeavours to ensure
                compliance of its businesses and operations with applicable domestic and international laws
                and regulations.

                As a dedicated functional organisation responsible for the operation of compliance management
                regimes and policy-making relating to areas including export control compliance, compliance in
                anti-commercial bribery and data compliance, the Group’s Compliance Management Committee
                monitors the Group’s overall conformity with compliance laws and regulations which have a
                material impact on the Group’s business and operations and reports to the Board.

                For details of the Group’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and regulatory
                documents for corporate governance of listed companies, please refer to the section headed
                “3.1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE” in this report.

                During the Reporting Period, so far as known to the Company, the Group has endeavoured to
                comply in material respects with the aforesaid laws and regulations having a significant impact
                on the Group’s business and operations.

          (2)   Environmental policy and donations

                ZTE is highly concerned with global climate change. We have been engaged in active
                implementation of a low-carbon green strategy. Through the four major aspects of green
                corporate operation, green supply-chain, green digital bases and green industry empowerment,
                we have built a well-supported pathway for digital economy to mitigate the impact of the
                environment and climate. Meanwhile, ZTE is committed to ongoing enhancement of its
                environmental performance in an effort to improve its performance in resource efficiency and
                facilitate sustainable waste management, so as to advance the circular economy. For details of
                the Group’s environmental performance, please refer to the section headed “3.2
                ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE” in this report.

                Charitable donations made by the Group in 2025 amounted to approximately RMB35.37 million.




52
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                    II. Report of the Board of Directors


2.2.6 Summary of the Group’s Financial Data for the Past Five Years

                                                                                   Unit: RMB in millions

      Item                                      2025        2024         2023        2022        2021

      Operating results
      Operating revenue                     133,895.5   121,298.8   124,250.9   122,954.4    114,521.6
      Operating profit                        6,361.8     9,342.2    10,258.4     8,794.8      8,676.1
      Total profit                            6,302.9     9,229.6    10,203.1     8,751.7      8,498.9
      Net profit attributable to holders of
        ordinary shares of the listed
        company                               5,617.7     8,424.8     9,325.8      8,080.3     6,812.9
      Net profit after extraordinary items
        attributable to holders of ordinary
        shares of the listed company          3,370.4     6,179.1     7,399.6      6,166.9     3,305.9
      Net cash flows from operating
        activities                            3,918.7    11,479.8    17,405.7      7,577.7    15,723.5
      Size
      Total assets                          217,739.4   207,323.2   200,958.3   180,953.6    168,763.4
      Total liabilities                     142,098.1   134,212.9   132,626.9   121,410.4    115,475.8
      Owners’ equity attributable to
        holders of ordinary shares of the
        listed company                       75,425.6    72,808.5    68,008.3    58,641.2     51,482.1
      Per share basis (RMB/share)
      Basic earnings per share                   1.17        1.76        1.96        1.71         1.47
      Diluted earnings per share                 1.16        1.76        1.96        1.71         1.47
      Basic earnings per share after
        extraordinary items                      0.70        1.29        1.55        1.30         0.71
      Net cash flows from operating
        activities per share                     0.82        2.40        3.64        1.60         3.32
      Net asset per share attributable to
        holders of ordinary shares of the
        listed company                         15.77       15.22        14.22       12.38        10.88
      Financial ratios (%)
      Weighted average return on net
        assets                                 7.58%     11.97%       15.19%      14.66%       14.49%
      Weighted average return on net
        assets after extraordinary items      4.55%       8.78%       12.05%      11.19%        7.03%
      Gearing ratio                          65.26%      64.74%       66.00%      67.09%       68.42%




                                                                                                      53
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


2.3   BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND RISK EXPOSURES FOR 2026

      The Group’s business outlook and risk exposures for 2026 are set out in the following:

      2.3.1 Business outlook for 2026

           Looking to 2026, network investment will remain subject to industry cycles, as the commercial
           closed-loop of the intelligent computing business will remain in the incubation stage. Meanwhile,
           China will be commencing its “15th Five-Year Plan” in 2026, in connection with which technological
           innovation will expedite the catalysis of new business forms, where challenges as well as
           opportunities will subsist in the industry. The Company will drive with implement its dual-driver
           strategy of “connectivity + computing” with full force to seek breakthroughs in all dimensions in
           persistent adherence to the business philosophy of “prospering through harmony and cooperation and
           growing profits through quality enhancement”, whilst ensuring stable and sustainable development of
           the enterprise amidst a complicated and volatile environment with the aid of technological innovation
           and business coordination.

           In connection with carrier’s network, in the domestic market, the Company will continue to explore
           further potential in network products and actively drive the commercial application of 5G-A to
           enhance network value, while making prospective plans in the research of 6G technologies as well as
           seizing new opportunities for development afforded by communication and sensor integration, the
           integration of air, space and terrestrial applications and ubiquitous intelligence. We will advance the
           smooth upgrade of 50G PON in a steady manner and investigate pathways for commercialising the
           10Gb network. Meanwhile, the commercial application of 400G OTN and ultra-high speed optical
           transmission will be expedited with the construction of networks providing full-optical transmission
           capacity characterised by large bandwidth, low latency and high reliability. In the meantime, the
           Company will be closely tracking carriers’ requirements for the construction of super nodes and
           resource pools, as it seeks to accelerate the application of core computing products and solutions by
           accurately seizing opportunities presented by the growth in computing capacity for the inference
           scenario. In the international market, the Company will further explore the existing markets in
           adherence to the major nations and big Ts strategy, while seizing new opportunities presented by
           modernisation upgrade of wireless network, optical-fibre broadband construction and smart home
           development in close tandem with global requirements for the construction of computing
           infrastructure such as data centres, new energy and servers to achieve stable growth and
           sustainability in operation.

           In connection with government and corporate business, the Company will persist in the dual driver of
           “technology + scenario” and seize opportunities associated with investment in intelligent computing in
           the Internet sector, IT innovation in the financial sector, intelligent power network conversion in the
           energy sector and expedited digitalisation in the transportation sector, among others, to forge the
           government and corporate business into a core engine driving the Company’s revenue growth. To
           address the requirements of key sectors in the domestic market, the Company will: firstly, deepen
           strategic cooperation with leading enterprises in the Internet and financial sectors to drive large-scale
           application of products such as general-purpose computing, intelligent computing and innovative IT
           server, while deepening its business presence in key sectors such as power and transportation to
           further consolidate and increase its market share for computing products; secondly, enhance internal
           coordination and advance the operational model of project integration on all fronts by consolidating
           internal resources to fully realise the organisational efficiency and potential of business coordination
           across different departments; thirdly, build an open business ecosphere with joint efforts in line with
           the idea of openness and mutual success, seeking to construct a mutually beneficial ecosphere with
           our partners by opening up our capabilities and sharing our resources. In the international market, we
           will seek sophisticated application of the model of coordinating with the overseas expansion of other
           Chinese enterprises to jointly develop data centre, cloud computing and digitalisation projects in
           emerging markets.




54
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                      II. Report of the Board of Directors


     In connection with the consumer business, the Company will continue to herald reforms in smart
     terminals under the principle of “AI for All” in an effort to build a “1+2+N” full-scenario smart
     ecosphere and create new paradigms in human-machine interaction on the back of the full series of
     large/medium/small screen AI terminals. In connection with home products, the Company will drive
     the evolution of the home terminal from a singular connectivity device to a “smart home centre” and
     make focused efforts to establish its presence in the principal product categories of AI home
     network, AI home computing and AI intelligent home screen with a view to cementing its leading
     position in the market by providing AI empowerment for all aspects of the home members’ daily life.
     In connection with handset and mobile Internet products, the Company will deepen the sophisticated
     integration of AI technologies and gaming scenarios. In terms of products, novel forms for the
     terminals will be investigated with AI providing core driving force to offer differentiated experience to
     users. High-end e-sports handsets and gaming handsets offering premium value for money will also
     be launched to ensure pinpoint coverage of different sub-segment player groups. In terms of brand
     name, we will drive brand upgrade of Nubia on the back of AI empowerment and accelerate the
     development of Red Magic towards a global higher-end brand. In terms of channels, we will expedite
     the development of domestic and cross-border e-commerce channels to enhance in-depth expansion
     in the large-nation markets. In connection with cloud PC, we will capitalise on the trend of computing
     cloudification to expedite the popular use of cloud PCs in the home market for the carrier segment
     and office market for the government and corporate segment, breaking the performance bottleneck of
     local hardware with the adoption of “terminal — cloud coordination” technologies to achieve
     innovation and transformation in the commercial model underpinned by the notion of “terminal as
     service”.

2.3.2 Risk exposures

    (1)   Country risks

          Given the complex nature of international economic and political conditions and the presence of
          the Group’s business and branch organisations in numerous countries and regions with
          differences in macro-economy, policy and regulation and political and social backgrounds, the
          Group will continue to be exposed to risks relating to laws and regulations, taxation, exchange
          rates and political developments (such as war and domestic unrest), which might affect the
          operations of the Group. For the possible impact of compliance risks on the operation of the
          Group, please refer to “Note XII. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT EVENTS 2. Contingent
          events 2.1 to the Financial Statements” in this report. The Group endeavours to establish a
          complete compliance management regime, through which it would identify and comply with the
          laws and regulations and trade and taxation policy requirements in the countries where it
          operates to ensure operational compliance. We also address country risks through ongoing
          monitoring and analysis in collaboration with professional third-party institutions. For businesses
          operated in regions with higher assessed risk levels, we take out necessary export credit
          insurance and resort to diverse financing means to reduce potential loss.




                                                                                                           55
ZTE CORPORATION




II. Report of the Board of Directors


          (2)   Risks associated with AI technology

                Against the broader backdrop of accelerated competition and transformation in industries
                worldwide as a result of breakthroughs in AI technologies, the Group is well aware of the
                potential risks associated with this development, while cherishing the opportunities it presented:
                firstly, the outcome of AI models might deviate from expectations, and the effectiveness of AI
                technological applications is subject to uncertainty. Secondly, the truthfulness and safety of AI-
                generated content represents a prominent issue and increasingly stringent regulatory measures
                are being introduced worldwide. To effectively address such risks whilst seizing the opportunity,
                the Group has included the development of AI technology in its long-term strategy. We will
                apply AI technologies in a prudent manner in areas such as technology research, product
                intelligentisation development, operational efficiency enhancement, customer service interaction
                and support for data-driven decision-making in accordance with the principle of responsible
                innovation and applying AI for good purposes. Meanwhile, we will enhance technological
                integration and risk control through periodic vetting in accordance with technology-related
                ethical principles to ensure compliance of our AI applications with regulatory requirements, such
                that we will be able to seize opportunities for development in the context of technological
                transformation.

          (3)   Risk associated with intellectual property rights

                The Group has always attached great importance to product technology research and
                development as well as the protection and management of intellectual property rights.
                Trademarks of the Group’s products and services, “ZTE” or “ZTE中興”, are all protected by
                exclusive trademark registration, and intellectual property right protection in various forms,
                including but not limited to application for patent right or copyright, has been adopted wherever
                possible in respect of such products and services. While the Group has adopted highly
                stringent measures to protect its intellectual property rights, potential disputes over intellectual
                property rights between the Group and other telecommunications equipment manufacturers,
                franchisee companies and carriers under partnerships with the Group cannot be entirely
                avoided. The Group will continue to drive the solution of related issues with an open-minded,
                cooperative and mutually beneficial approach.

          (4)   Exchange rate risks

                The Group’s consolidated financial statements are expressed in RMB. The exchange rate risk of
                the Group arises mainly from foreign exchange exposures associated with the sales, purchases
                and financing settled in currencies other than RMB and the volatility of exchange rates, which
                might affect the operations of the Group. The Group adopts ongoing measures to strengthen
                foreign exchange risk management covering the entire business process and seeks to reduce
                exchange rate risk through initiatives such as business strategic guidance, internal settlement
                management, financing mix design and value-protected derivative instruments. The Group has
                also strengthened liquidity risk management in countries with foreign exchange difficulties and
                endeavoured to advance RMB pricing and settlement for overseas projects to lower its
                exchange risks in the long term.




56
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                 II. Report of the Board of Directors


(5)   Interest rate risk

      The interest rate risk of the Group is mainly associated with interest-bearing liabilities.
      Fluctuations in the interest rates of RMB or foreign currencies will result in changes in the total
      amount of interest payable by the Group and will therefore affect the Group’s profitability. The
      Group seeks to lower its interest rate risk mainly through control over the total amount and
      structured management of its interest-bearing liabilities. The total amount of interest-bearing
      liabilities is matched with the funding requirements of the Group’s operational development.
      Control over the total amount of interest-bearing liabilities is mainly achieved by improving the
      cash turnover efficiency and increasing the free cash flow of the Group. Structured management
      of interest-bearing liabilities is achieved mainly by way of comprehensive control of interest rate
      risks through a mixed portfolio of long-term/short-term domestic and overseas loans
      denominated in RMB or foreign currencies with fixed or floating interests, complemented by
      derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps, sought from a diverse range of low-cost
      financing channels in the global market taking into account the trends of market changes.

(6)   Customer credit risk

      Given the complex external environment and a large customer base with differing credit status,
      the Group’s business will inevitably be affected by the varied credit profiles of these customers.
      The Group seeks to mitigate the aforesaid impact mainly by identifying, assessing and
      managing credit risks through the adoption of internal credit management measures, such as
      customer credit search, customer credit rating and award, customer credit limit management,
      overall exposure risk control and credit control against customers with faulty credit records. We
      also actively employ financial instruments such as credit insurance and factoring arrangements
      to optimise the mechanism of risk allocation and enhance our overall risk aversion ability.




                                                                                                      57
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility
In persistent adherence to the principle of sustainability, the Company has incorporated sustainable development
into its corporate strategy and sought in-depth understanding of the demands of stakeholders to facilitate
environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) implementation with reference to critical issues of substance. In
this chapter, discussions will be provided in relation to three aspects: corporate governance, environmental
performance and social responsibility. For more details of the Company’s ESG performance, please refer to the
“2025 Sustainability Report” published by the Company on the same date as this report.

3.1   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

      Set out in this chapter is the Corporate Governance Work Report and Corporate Governance Report
      prepared in accordance with the requirements of CSRC and Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Hong Kong
      Listing Rules, respectively. The Company improves its corporate governance systems and regimes and
      enhances the standard of regulated operations on an ongoing basis in accordance with regulatory
      requirements of the Company Law, Corporate Governance Standards for Listed Companies, Shenzhen
      Listing Rules and Hong Kong Listing Rules, whilst fostering a multi-dimensional corporate culture and
      encouraging vigorous innovation. The General Meeting, Board of Directors and management fulfil their
      respective roles with independent, efficient and transparent decision-making. A strong emphasis is placed
      on shareholders’ rights in an active bid to reward shareholders. Long-term incentive mechanisms have
      been established to lay a foundation in terms of talents for the Company’s long-term development. Internal
      control development and risk management have been enhanced to drive the Company’s stable operation.
      The actual status of corporate governance at the Company was not materially different from that stipulated
      in the corporate governance provisions for listed companies under laws, administrative regulations and
      rules announced by the CSRC.

      In 2025, the implementation of the Company’s strategy is set out in the “Chair’s Statement” and “2.2.2
      Business and Financial Analysis of the Group” in this report.

      3.1.1 Corporate Culture

           The conceptual regime of the Company’s corporate culture is set out as follows:
           Vision                             Core Values                         Cultural Spirit         Behavior Guidelines
            To lead in connectivity           Respecting each other and          Customer Success       Cooperative, Take the initiative
             and intelligent computing          being faithful to the ZTE Cause
             Enabling communication and
             trust everywhere                  Serving with dedication and       Value Contribution      Responsible, Dare to
                                                being committed to our customers                            assume responsibility
           Mission                             Endeavoring with creativity        Pursuit of Excellence  Professional, Win first place
                                                to establish a famous ZTE brand
            To create an intelligent future
             with digital innovation, excellent  Operating with scientific        Simplicity Prevails    Pragmatic, Tell complete truth
             growth platform for employees,       management to increase
             and greater value for customers, corporate performance
             shareholders, and stakeholders
             across the globe


           Year 2025 marked the 40th anniversary of the incorporation of ZTE. With a renewed vision and
           mission, the Company will continue to fulfill and propagate its core values and put its cultural ethos
           and guidance for conduct into practice with intensive effort. With greater unity, sense of
           responsibility, professionalism and pragmatism, we will continue to drive the concerted development
           of the enterprise and the society, dauntlessly addressing any challenges of growth and transformation
           as we journey on to become a leader in network connectivity and intelligent computing, prospering
           the enterprise through harmony and cooperation, and striving for progress and making
           accomplishments.




58
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                     III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


3.1.2 Corporate Governance Structure

     Currently, the Company has established a governance structure comprising the General Meeting of
     shareholders, the Board of Directors and the management.

       General Meeting of
         Shareholders                            “4+1” duty performance platform


                                            Audit Committee

                                            Remuneration and Evaluation Committee

        Board of Directors                  Nomination Committee

                                            Export Compliance Committee



                                            Independent Directors’ Meeting

          Management


     The General Meeting of shareholders is the highest authority of the Company. The Board is formed
     through election at the Company’s General Meeting as the Company’s decision-making body. The
     “4+1” duty performance platform under the Board features the Audit Committee, Remuneration and
     Evaluation Committee, Nomination Committee, Export Compliance Committee and Independent
     Directors’ Meeting, which conduct prior deliberations on specific matters falling within their respective
     scopes of duties and furnish professional opinions. The Audit Committee also undertakes supervisory
     responsibilities. The management is the executive arm appointed by the Board to be responsible for
     the Company’s operational management.

3.1.3 Shareholders

     3.1.3.1 Shareholders Information

          (1)    Total number of shareholders

                 As at 31 December 2025, there were 623,785 shareholders (comprising 623,501 holders of
                 A shares and 284 holders of H shares). As at 28 February 2026, namely the end of month
                 immediately preceding the date of publication of the annual report, there were 629,360
                 shareholders (comprising 629,075 holders of A shares and 285 holders of H shares).




                                                                                                           59
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


              (2)   Shareholdings of top 10 shareholders and top 10 shareholders that were not subject to
                    lock-up

                    As at 31 December 2025, all shares held by the top 10 shareholders of the Company
                    were shares not subject to lock-up, namely the shareholdings of the top 10 shareholders
                    and the shareholdings of the top 10 shareholders not subject to lock-up are identical, the
                    details of which are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    Unit: Share

                                                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                      Number of                  Increase/ Number of    shares
                                                                                                   shares held as                decrease shares held   pledged,
                                                                  Nature of          Percentage of at the end of    Class of    during the subject to   marked or
                     Name of shareholders                         shareholders       shareholdings       the year   shares            year    lock-up   frozen
                     1. Zhongxingxin Telecom Company Limited      Domestic general         20.09%     958,940,400   A share            —           —    Nil
                           “Zhongxingxin”)Note 1                      corporation                       2,038,000   H share            —
                     2 HKSCC Nominees LimitedNote 2               Foreign                  15.73%     752,389,175   H share       +66,894          —    Unknown
                                                                      shareholder
                     3 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company      Foreign                    1.33%     63,453,147   A share    –55,719,570         —    Nil
                            LimitedNote 3                             corporation
                     4. ICBC Limited — Huatai Pinebridge CSI 300 Others                      1.11%     53,150,322   A share     –2,412,683         —    Nil
                            Traded Open-ended Index Securities
                            Investment Fund
                     5. Central Huijin Asset Management Co., Ltd. State-owned                0.88%     42,171,534   A share             —          —    Nil
                                                                      corporation
                     6. Hunan Telecom Industry Group Company      State-owned                0.87%     41,516,065   A share             —          —    Nil
                            LimitedNote 4                             corporation
                     7. Hexie Health Insurance Co.,Ltd. — Wanneng Others                     0.81%     38,796,600   A share    +28,580,000         —    Nil
                            Product
                     8. CCB Limited — eFund CSI 300 Traded        Others                     0.79%     37,976,740   A share      –387,000          —    Nil
                            Open-ended Index Securities
                            Investment Fund By Way of Promotion
                     9. ICBC Limited — Huaxia CSI 300 Traded      Others                     0.61%     28,968,802   A share     +3,460,820         —    Nil
                            Open-ended Index Securities
                            Investment Fund
                     10. BOC Limited — Harvest CSI 300 Traded     Others                     0.52%     24,993,601   A share      +826,625          —    Nil
                            Open-ended Index Securities
                            Investment Fund

                     Descriptions of any connected party                                Zhongxingxin was neither a connected party nor a party of
                       relationships or concerted actions among the                     concerted action of any of the top 10 shareholders. Save for
                       above shareholders                                               the above, the Company is not aware of any connected party
                                                                                        relationships or concerted party relationships among the top
                                                                                        10 shareholders.

                     Description of the above-mentioned                                 N/A
                       shareholders’ delegated/entrusted voting
                       rights and waiver of voting rights

                     Strategic investor or general corporation                          N/A
                        becoming a top 10 shareholder as a result of
                        new share placing (if any)

                     Special statement on special repurchase                            N/A
                       account(s) maintained by the top 10
                       shareholders (if any)

                     Whether top 10 shareholders conducted any                          No
                       agreed repurchases during 2025

                     Statement on top 10 shareholders’ involvement                      N/A
                       in financing and securities lending
                       businesses




60
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




         III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


      Note 1:   2,038,000 H shares in the Company held by Zhongxingxin were held by HKSCC Nominees Limited as
                nominee shares.

      Note 2:   Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited represented the sum of shares held in the accounts of the H
                shareholders of the Company traded on the trading platform of HKSCC Nominees Limited. To avoid
                repetition in counting, 2,038,000 H shares in the Company held by Zhongxingxin have been excluded
                from the number of shares held HKSCC Nominees Limited.

      Note 3:   Shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited represented the sum of A shares in the
                Company purchased through Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect (Northbound).

      Note 4:   Information of this shareholder is derived from the shareholders’ register maintained by China Securities
                Depository and Clearing Corporation. Hunan Nantian (Group) Co. Ltd. has been merged by way of
                absorption by its controlling shareholder Hunan Telecom Industry Group Company Limited (湖南省電信實
                業集團有限公司).

      Note 5:   Save as disclosed above, the Company had no other corporate shareholders holding 10% or above of the
                Company’s shares.


(3)   Loan-out of stocks under securities refinancing by shareholders holding 5% shares or above,
      top 10 shareholders and top 10 holders of shares not subject to lock-up

      □ Applicable       √ N/A

(4)   Change compared to the previous period as a result of loan-out/return under securities
      refinancing by top 10 shareholders and top 10 holders of shares not subject to lock-up

      □ Applicable       √ N/A

(5)   Controlling shareholder

      Zhongxingxin is the controlling shareholder of the Company and there was no change
      during the Reporting Period.

      Zhongxingxin was established on 29 April 1993. Its legal representative is Mr. Wei. It has
      a registered capital of RMB100 million and its uniform social credit code is
      91440300192224518G. Its scope of business covers: R&D of machine vision systems
      integration; design and production of optical instruments, industrial cameras and
      instruments and high-end mechanical equipment; computer systems integration; R&D,
      technology development, technology transfer, technical services, technical consultation and
      import and export of technologies in relation to software, hardware, electronic components
      and raw materials of computer vision data processing systems; leasing of owned housing
      properties; industrial investment; import and export business. (Commencement of
      operation of enterprises requiring prerequisite administrative approvals shall be subject to
      the obtaining of such prerequisite administrative approval documents.)

      Xi’an Microelectronics Technology Research Institute (“Xi’an Microelectronics”), Shenzhen
      Aerospace Guangyu Industrial Company Limited (“Aerospace Guangyu”) and Shenzhen
      Zhongxing WXT Equipment Company Limited (“Zhongxing WXT”) and Zhuhai Guoxing
      Ruike Investment Centre (Limited Partnership) (“Guoxing Ruike”, formerly known as Zhuhai
      Guoxing Ruike Capital Management Centre (Limited Partnership)) held a 34%, 14.5%,
      49% and 2.5% stake in Zhongxingxin, respectively. There is no single shareholder with a
      shareholding percentage of over 50%. In addition, in accordance with the articles of
      association of Zhongxingxin, shareholders of Zhongxingxin shall exercise voting rights
      according to their respective shareholding percentage at shareholder meetings. Matters
      considered at shareholder meetings shall require approval of shareholders with more than
      one half of the votes, while certain specific matters shall require approval of shareholders
      with more than two-thirds of the votes. There are no concerted actions, entrusted voting
      or other similar arrangements among the shareholders of Zhongxingxin.




                                                                                                                      61
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                    In summary of the above, no shareholder of Zhongxingxin is able to exercise influence by
                    dictating the voting outcome of Zhongxingxin’s general meeting of shareholders and to
                    control the operating decisions of Zhongxingxin. Zhongxingxin does not have any de facto
                    controller. Therefore, the Company does not have any de facto controller and no party has
                    effective control over the Company, whether by way of trust or other asset management.

                    The following diagram shows the shareholding relationship between the aforesaid entities
                    and the Company as at 31 December 2025.

                            Xi’an                Aerospace
                                                                        Zhongxing WXT         Guoxing Ruike
                       Microelectronics           Guangyu

                                34%                    14.5%                    49%                   2.5%




                                                             Zhongxingxin


                                                                       20.09%

                                                                 ZTE


                    Xi’an Microelectronics, a subsidiary of China Aerospace Electronics Technology Research
                    Institute, is a large-scale state-owned research institute established in 1965 with a start-
                    up capital of RMB198,530,000. Its legal representative is Wang Shifeng. It is a large-scale
                    integrated research institute covering the research and development, commercial
                    production and complementary integration and inspection/testing for three specialisations:
                    semi-conductor integrated circuits, hybrid integrated circuits and computers.

                    Aerospace Guangyu, a subsidiary of CASIC Shenzhen (Group) Company Limited, is a
                    state-owned enterprise established on 17 August 1989. The legal representative is Xie Jing
                    and the registered capital amounts to RMB200 million. The scope of business includes
                    sales of aerospace technology products, machinery equipment, electrical appliances,
                    apparatuses and instruments, electronic products, plastic products, chemical products,
                    hoisting and transportation products, hardware and furniture, construction materials,
                    magnetic materials, powder metallurgy, raw materials for textile, raw materials for chemical
                    fibre, apparel, textile and automobile.

                    Zhongxing WXT is a private enterprise incorporated on 23 October 1992. Its legal
                    representative is Hou Weigui and its registered capital amounts to RMB10 million. The
                    scope of business includes the development and production of telecommunications and
                    transmission equipment, ancillary equipment, computer and peripheral equipment
                    (excluding restricted projects); investment in industrial operations (subject to separate
                    applications for specific projects).

                    Guoxing Ruike is a limited partnership established on 2 December 2016 with Zhuhai
                    Guoxing Ruike Investment Centre (Limited Partnership) (formerly known as Guoxing Ruike
                    Capital Management Company Limited) as executive partner and a registered capital of
                    RMB500 million. Its scope of operation includes investment with owned funds, corporate
                    management and corporate management consultancy (Operating activities to be
                    conducted on an autonomous basis in accordance with the law by virtue of the business
                    licence, save for projects subject to approval under the law).

                    Pylon Technologies Co., Ltd. (上 海 派 能 能 源 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary of
                    Zhongxingxin, is listed on the STAR Market of Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
                    688063, stock name: 派能科技).




62
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




         III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


(6)   Interests of substantial shareholders of the Company in shares and underlying shares
      required to be disclosed under the SFO and Hong Kong Listing Rules

      As at 31 December 2025, the following shareholders held interests or short positions in
      5% or more in various classes of the issued share capital of the Company, as shown in
      the share register maintained by the Company in accordance with Section 336 of the
      SFO:

                                                                                             Shareholding as
                                                                         Number of            an approximate
       Name                           Capacity                          shares held        percentage (%) of:Note
                                                                                         Total share
                                                                                              capital   Class shares
       Zhongxingxin                   Beneficial owner                   958,940,400      20.05% (L)      23.81% (L)
                                                                         A shares (L)
       Zhongxing WXT                  Interests of corporate             958,940,400      20.05% (L)      23.81% (L)
                                         controlled by you               A shares (L)
       Xi’an Microelectronics         Interests of corporate             958,940,400      20.05% (L)      23.81% (L)
                                         controlled by you               A shares (L)
       China Aerospace Electronics    Interests of corporate             958,940,400      20.05% (L)      23.81% (L)
          Technology Research            controlled by you               A shares (L)
          Institute
       China Aerospace Science and Interests of corporate               958,940,400       20.05% (L)      23.81% (L)
          Technology Corporation      controlled by you                 A shares (L)
       BlackRock, Inc.             Interests of corporate                61,071,779         1.28%(L)        8.08%(L)
                                      controlled by you                 H shares (L)
                                                                          3,696,200         0.08%(S)        0.49%(S)
                                                                        H shares (S)
       UBS Group AG                   Interests of corporate             61,526,138         1.29%(L)        8.14%(L)
                                         controlled by you              H shares (L)
                                                                         24,741,357         0.52%(S)        3.27%(S)
                                                                        H shares (S)
       JPMorgan Chase & Co.           Beneficial owner,                  66,379,592         1.39%(L)        8.79%(L)
                                        investment manager,             H shares (L)
                                        holder of assured                43,873,572         0.92%(S)        5.81%(S)
                                        entitlements to shares,         H shares (S)
                                        approved lending agent            9,565,058         0.20%(P)        1.27%(P)
                                                                        H shares (P)
       Citigroup Inc.                 Holder of assured                  60,128,531         1.26%(L)        7.96%(L)
                                        entitlements to shares,         H shares (L)
                                        interests of corporate           37,780,559         0.79%(S)        5.00%(S)
                                        controlled by you,              H shares (S)
                                        approved lending agent           12,429,955         0.26%(P)        1.65%(P)
                                                                        H shares (P)
       Capital Research and           Investment manager                 38,410,000         0.80%(L)        5.08%(L)
         Management Company                                             H shares (L)

      (L) — Long position; (S) — Short position; (P) — Lending pool

      Note: Shareholdings as percentage of total share capital and relevant class of shares was calculated on the basis
            of the Company’s total share capital of 4,783,534,887 shares, comprising 4,028,032,353 A shares and
            755,502,534 H shares, as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                                    63
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                     For details of shares or debentures held by the Directors and chief executive of the
                     Company as at 31 December 2025, please refer to the section headed “3.1.6.6
                     Shareholdings and Annual Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                     Management” in this report. Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, so far as
                     the Directors and chief executive of the Company are aware, no other person had an
                     interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company that was
                     required to be recorded in the register maintained pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

         3.1.3.2 Shares

               (1)   Changes in Shareholdings

                                                                                                                                                                                            Unit: share

                          Type of shares                                         31 December 2024            Increase/decrease as a result of the change during 2025 (+, –)               31 December 2025

                                                                                                                                          Transfer
                                                                              Number of                                               from capital                                     Number of
                                                                                 shares     Percentage   New issue    Bonus issue          reserve       OthersNote      Sub-total        shares     Percentage

                          I. Shares subject to lock-up                           658,643        0.01%           —               —               —         –247,522        –247,522        411,121        0.01%
                             1. State-owned shares                                    —             —           —               —               —               —               —              —             —
                             2. State-owned corporate shares                          —             —           —               —               —               —               —              —             —
                              3. Other domestic shares                                —             —           —               —               —               —               —              —             —
                                 Comprising: Domestic non-state-owned
                                                corporate shares                       —            —           —               —               —               —               —               —            —
                                              Domestic natural person
                                                shares                                 —            —           —               —               —               —               —               —            —
                              4. Foreign shares                                        —            —           —               —               —               —               —               —            —
                                 Comprising: Foreign corporate shares                  —            —           —               —               —               —               —               —            —
                                              Foreign natural person shares            —            —           —               —               —               —               —               —            —
                              5. Shares held by Directors, Supervisors and
                                  senior management subject to lock-up            658,643       0.01%           —               —               —         –247,522        –247,522         411,121       0.01%
                          II. Shares not subject to lock-up                 4,782,876,244      99.99%           —               —               —         +247,522        +247,522   4,783,123,766      99.99%
                              1. RMB ordinary shares                        4,027,373,710      84.20%           —               —               —         +247,522        +247,522   4,027,621,232      84.20%
                              2. Domestic-listed foreign shares                        —            —           —               —               —               —               —               —            —
                               3. Overseas-listed foreign shares
                                   (H shares)                                755,502,534       15.79%           —               —               —               —               —     755,502,534       15.79%
                               4. Others                                              —             —           —               —               —               —               —              —             —
                          III. Total number of shares                      4,783,534,887      100.00%           —               —               —               —               —    4,783,534,887     100.00%


                     Note: Lock-up or release of shares held by Directors, Supervisors and senior management on a prorate basis in
                           accordance with pertinent domestic regulations.




64
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




           III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


(2)   Changes in shares subject to lock-up

                                                                                                                       Unit: shares

                                               Increase in
                                            the number of
                                 Number of        A shares   Number of     Number of
                                  A shares      subject to     A shares     A shares
             Name of             subject to        lock-up    unlocked     subject to
             shareholders     lock-up as at     during the   during the lock-up as at
             subject to       31 December        Reporting    Reporting 31 December
       No.   lock-up                  2024          Period       Period         2025    Reason for lock-up      Date of unlocking
       1     Xie Daxiong           209,327        +52,351     –261,678             —    Shares held by          In accordance with
       2     Xu Ziyang             126,000             —            —         126,000      Directors,               Shenzhen Stock
       3     Wang Xiyu             104,275             —            —         104,275      Supervisors and          Exchange Self-
       4     Xie Junshi             84,351             —            —          84,351      senior management        disciplinary Regulatory
       5     Li Ying                71,625             —            —          71,625      subject to lock-up       Guide for Listed
       6     Xia Xiaoyue            38,195        +12,732      –50,927             —                                Companies No. 10
       7     Ding Jianzhong         24,870             —            —          24,870                               — Administration of
       8     Li Buqing                  —            +825         –825             —                                Movements in Shares
             Total                 658,643         65,908     –313,430        411,121

      Note: In accordance with relevant domestic regulations, shares in the Company held by former Supervisors Mr. Xie
            Daxiong and Ms. Xia Xiaoyue and former Director Mr. Li Buqing were subject to lock-up on a pro-rata basis.


(3)   As at 31 December 2025, neither the controlling shareholder nor other entities subject to
      undertaking were under restrictions against selling down shares in the Company

(4)   A share repurchase plan

      At the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 28 March 2025, the
      “Resolution on the Application for Mandate of the Repurchase of A Shares for 2025” was
      considered and passed, whereby the Board was authorised by the General Meeting to
      determine the number of A shares to be repurchased within the authorised limit of 5% of
      the total A share capital of the Company in issue as at the date of the consideration and
      approval of such mandate at the General Meeting. At the Seventeenth Meeting of the
      Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company held on 12 December 2025, the
      “Resolution on the plan to repurchase A shares in the Company by way of centralised
      priced bidding” was considered and passed, whereby it was approved that the Company
      shall repurchase its A shares by way of centralised price bidding using internal funds,
      which A shares will be allotted for the implementation the Company’s employee share
      ownership schemes or share incentives. The total amount of the repurchase shall be not
      less than RMB1,000 million and not more than RMB1,200 million. The share repurchase
      period shall be within 12 months from the date on which it was considered and approved
      by the Board of Directors.

      The share price for the repurchase of A shares shall not be more than RMB63.09 per
      share, which repurchase price shall not exceed 150% of the average traded price of the
      Company’s A shares for the 30 trading days before the approval of the resolution on the
      repurchase by the Board. The actual repurchase price shall be the actual price at which
      the repurchase is conducted upon the conclusion of the repurchase period.




                                                                                                                                       65
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                    Based on the minimum total repurchase amount of RMB1,000 million and the cap of the A
                    share repurchase price of RMB63.09 per share, the number of A shares to be
                    repurchased is estimated at 15,850,400 shares approximately, accounting for
                    approximately 0.33% of the total share capital and approximately 0.39% of the total A
                    share capital of the Company in issue at the date of publication of this report. Based on
                    the maximum total repurchase amount of RMB1,200 million and the cap of the A share
                    repurchase price of RMB63.09 per share, the number of A shares to be repurchased is
                    estimated at 19,020,400 shares approximately, accounting for approximately 0.40% of the
                    total share capital and approximately 0.47% of the total A share capital of the Company
                    in issue at the date of publication of this report. The actual number of shares to be
                    repurchased and such number as a percentage of the Company’s total share capital and
                    total A share capital shall be subject to the actual number of shares repurchased by the
                    Company and the relevant percentages upon the conclusion of the repurchase period or
                    the completion of the repurchase.

                    For details, please refer to the “Announcement on the plan and report of the repurchase
                    of the Company’s A share” published by the Company on 12 December 2025.

                    As at the date of the publication of this report, the Company has yet to implement the
                    share repurchase.

              (5)   Issue and listing of securities

                    There was no change to the total share capital of the Company during the Reporting
                    Period.

                    For details of the Company’s issuance of SCPs, MTNs and H-share Convertible Bonds
                    during the Reporting Period, please refer to the chapter headed “V. INFORMATION ON
                    BONDS” in this report.

                    The Company had no employees’ shares or preferential shares.

              (6)   Public float

                    As at the date of publication of this report, the Company’s public float is in compliance
                    with the minimum requirement for public float under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

         3.1.3.3 Shareholders’ rights

               The general meeting of shareholders is the highest authority of the Company and an important
               channel for shareholders’ participation in corporate governance. The Company has established a
               corporate governance structure to ensure that all shareholders, minority shareholders in
               particular, can fully exercise their rights and enjoy equal status.

               As a measure to protect shareholders’ interests and rights, materials matters are considered and
               voted upon by shareholders on a standalone basis at general meetings. All resolutions tabled at
               the general meetings are voted upon by way of poll. The voting results are published by way of
               announcement after the general meeting.

               Shareholders holding 10% or above of the shares of the Company alone or in aggregate shall
               be entitled to request the Board of Directors or Audit Committee to convene an extraordinary
               general meeting or to unilaterally convene such extraordinary general meeting in accordance
               with Article 74 of the Articles of Association of the Company.




66
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




             III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


     Shareholders holding 1% or above of the shares of the Company alone or in aggregate shall be
     entitled to propose ex tempore motions ten days prior to the convening of the general meeting
     by submitting the same in writing to the convener of the general meeting. The convener shall
     issue a supplementary notice of general meeting within two working days after receiving such
     ex tempore motions to announce the details of such motions.

     Upon furnishing to the Company documentation evidencing shareholdings in the Company and
     verification of his/her identity by the Company, a shareholder shall be entitled to inspect
     relevant information of the Company in accordance with the Articles of Association.
     Shareholders may send enquiries in writing to the Secretary to the Board of Directors/Company
     Secretary at the address set out in the section headed “1.1 CORPORATE INFORMATION” in
     this report for such enquiries and questions to be forwarded to the Board of Directors.

     During the year, amendments to the Company’s Articles of Association, Rules of Procedure for
     General Meetings of Shareholders and Rules of Procedure for Board Meetings in accordance
     with the Guidelines for the Articles of Associations of Listed Companies as amended and issued
     by the CSRC were considered and approved at the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025
     held on 24 April 2025, the main details of which are as follows:

     The Company shall cease to operate with the Supervisory Committee and clauses relating to the
     Supervisory Committee in the Articles of Association shall be removed, and the duties and
     powers of the Supervisory Committee shall be exercised by the Audit Committee instead. The
     position of an Employee Director to be appointed through democratic elections by the
     Company’s staff shall be created. The Chinese term for “general meeting of shareholders”,
     where expressed as “股東大會”, shall be changed to “股東會” for consistency purposes. For
     details of amendments to the Article of Association, please refer to the “Circular of the First
     Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025” published by the Company on 9 April 2025. The latest
     version of the Articles of Association is available for inspection on the
     https://www.cninfo.com.cn, the website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s
     website.

3.1.3.4 Independence of Company from controlling shareholder and competition in same business

     The Company is independent of its controlling shareholder Zhongxingxin in respect of assets,
     staffing, finance, organisation and business, each being audited independently and assuming its
     own responsibilities and risks.

     With respect to assets, the Company’s assets are fully independent with unequivocal ownership.
     The Company has independent production systems, supplementary production systems and
     purchase and sales systems. Intangible assets such as industrial property rights, trademarks,
     and non-patentable technologies are owned by the Company. With respect to staffing, the
     Company is fully independent in matters including the management of labour, human resources
     and salaries. Members of the senior management receive their remuneration from the Company.
     They do not receive any remuneration from, nor have they taken up the positions of director,
     supervisor or other major positions with, the controlling shareholder and other companies under
     its control. With respect to finance, the Company has an independent financial department with
     an independent accounting and audit system and a financial management system, and
     maintains an independent bank account. With respect to organisation, the Board of Directors
     and other internal organisations of the Company operate in complete independence. There is no
     reporting relationship between the controlling shareholder (and its functional departments) and
     the Company (and its functional departments). With respect to business, the Company’s
     business is fully independent from the controlling shareholder. The controlling shareholder and
     other units controlled by it were not engaged in competition in the same business with the
     Company.




                                                                                                 67
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


         3.1.3.5 Implementation of profit distribution

              (1)   Profit distribution policy

                    According to the Articles of Association of ZTE, aggregate profit distribution of the
                    Company in the form of cash in the past three years shall not be less than 30% of the
                    annual average profit available for distribution (namely the annual average net profit
                    attributable to holders of ordinary shares of the listed company) in the past three years;
                    the profit distribution plan of the Company should be formulated by the Board of Directors
                    and considered and approved at the general meeting. Following a resolution on the profit
                    distribution plan by the general meeting, the Board of Directors should complete the
                    distribution of dividend (or shares) within two months after the general meeting; when the
                    Board of Directors of the Company formulates a profit distribution proposal, the views of
                    Independent Non-executive Directors should be sufficiently heard; after the announcement
                    of the profit distribution plan is published in accordance with the law, the views and
                    propositions of shareholders, the minority shareholders in particular, should be sufficiently
                    heard. If the Board of Directors has not drawn up a cash profit distribution proposal, the
                    reasons for not making profit distribution and the use of funds not applied to profit
                    distribution and retained at the Company should be disclosed in regular reports.

                    The Company did not make any adjustments or changes to its profit distribution policy in
                    2025.

              (2)   Implementation of profit distribution plan

                    According to the “Profit Distribution Proposal for 2024” of the Company considered and
                    approved at 2024 Annual General Meeting held on 28 March 2025: a dividend of RMB6.17
                    in cash (before tax) for every 10 shares shall be distributed to all shareholders based on
                    the total share capital as at the record date. Based on the total share capital in issue of
                    4,783,534,887 shares as at the record date, the actual amount of profit distribution was
                    approximately RMB2,950 million (before tax). The Company completed its dividend
                    payment in April 2025.

              (3)   Proposal for profit distribution of 2025

                    Taking into account factors such as the operating conditions of the Company and
                    shareholders’ return, the profit distribution proposal for 2025 recommended by the Board
                    of the Company: distribution of RMB4.11 in cash (before tax) for every 10 shares to all
                    shareholders based on the total share capital as at the record date for profit distribution
                    and dividend payment. In the event of changes in the Company’s total share capital after
                    the announcement of the Company’s profit distribution proposal for 2025 but before its
                    implementation, the distribution shall be based on the readjusted total share capital on the
                    basis of the total share capital as at the record date for profit and dividend distribution for
                    the purpose of the profit distribution proposal for 2025 according to the existing
                    proportion for distribution. The aforesaid matter is subject to consideration and approval at
                    the general meeting. As at 31 December 2025, the profit available for distribution to
                    shareholders amounted to approximately RMB29.37 billion on a cumulative basis. The
                    profit distribution proposal prepared by the Board was in line with the Company’s profit
                    distribution policy.

                    The exact timing of payment of the Company’s 2025 dividend is dependent on when it will
                    be considered at the general meeting and the progress of working relating to dividend
                    distribution, and is expected to be completed no later than before 31 August 2026. As at
                    the date of publication of this report, to the best of the knowledge of the Company, there
                    are no shareholders of the Company who have waived or agreed to waive any dividend
                    arrangement.




68
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




               III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


            Based on the total share capital of the Company of 4,783,534,887 shares as at 6 March
            2026, the aggregate profit distribution of the Company in the form of cash for 2025 of
            RMB1,970 million accounted for approximately 35.0% of the net profit attributable to the
            holders of ordinary shares of the listed company for 2025 of RMB5,620 million. The
            aggregate profit distribution of the Company in the form of cash for 2023–2025 of
            RMB8,180 million accounted for approximately 105.1% of the annual average net profit
            attributable to the holders of ordinary shares of the listed company in the past three years
            of RMB7,790 million. The profit distribution proposal for 2025 is in compliance with
            provisions under “Shenzhen Stock Exchange Self-disciplinary Regulatory Guide for Listed
            Companies No. 1 — Regulated Operation of Main Board Listed Companies” and the
            Articles of Association. The relevant decision-making procedures and mechanisms were
            well-established and the Independent Non-executive Directors duly played their role to
            provide adequate protection for the lawful interests of minority investors.

3.1.3.6 Investor relations

      (1)   Shareholder communication policy and engagement

            The Company is committed to driving investor relations initiatives and enhancing
            communications with its shareholders to increase investors’ understanding of the
            Company. In addition to the regular reports and interim announcements published by the
            Company, the Company also publishes on its official website corporate news and
            information and updates on the Company’s solutions and products and social
            responsibility to provide investors with information of the Company’s latest developments
            in a timely manner. The Company enables investors to fully express their views by setting
            up investors’ hotline, e-mail, the investors relations interactive platform of Shenzhen Stock
            Exchange and investors’ questions collected prior to results presentation.

            To facilitate the Company’s communication with investors, the Company reports its
            operating conditions and financial data as well as responds to investors’ and analysts’
            questions through results presentations. The Company’s general meetings of shareholders
            provide an opportunity for the Directors and senior management to engage with the
            shareholders. The Directors and senior management members attend the meeting and
            answer the queries of shareholders on a best effort basis. During the Reporting Period, the
            Company convened its 2024 Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2025. Resolutions
            considered and approved at the meeting included, among others, “2024 Annual Report”,
            “Proposal for Profit Distribution for 2024”, “Election of Non-independent Directors of the
            Tenth Session of the Board” and “Election of Independent Non-executive Directors of the
            Tenth Session of the Board”. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on
            Resolutions of the 2024 Annual General Meeting” published by the Company on 28 March
            2025. At the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 held on 24 April 2025,
            resolutions on the amendment of relevant clauses under the Articles of Association, Rules
            of Procedure for General Meetings of Shareholders and Rules of Procedure for Board
            Meetings and on the provision of guarantees limits for the subsidiary by the Company
            were considered and approved. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on
            Resolutions of the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025” published by the
            Company on 24 April 2025. The Directors and senior management of the Company
            attended the aforesaid meetings and communicated with the shareholders at the
            meetings.

            Having examined and reviewed the shareholder communication policy for 2025, the Board
            is of the view that the Company’s shareholder communication policy has been duly and
            effectively implemented, given the variety of existing channels for communication and
            participation.




                                                                                                      69
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


               (2)   Reception of investors

                     Details of reception of investors by the Company in 2025:

                                                                                                                              Key contents       Information
                         Nature                 Time         Location      Mode                   Audience received           discussed          furnished
                         Results presentation   March 2025   Shenzhen      Live Internet video    Investors and securities      Annual results and Published
                                                                              broadcast On-site      analysts including           operating          announcements
                                                                              meeting                Dacheng Fund, Southern       conditions of      and periodic
                                                                                                     Fund, Guosen Securities,     the Company        reports
                                                                                                     Haitong Securities,
                                                                                                     Citibank, Tianfeng
                                                                                                     Securities, Nomura, China
                                                                                                     Merchants Securities,
                                                                                                     Zheshang Securities,
                                                                                                     CICC, China Securities,
                                                                                                     CITIC Securities
                         External meeting       January to   Shenzhen,     On-site meeting        Customers of Morgan           Day-to-day         Published
                                                  December     Hangzhou,                             Stanley, China Securities,   operations of      announcements
                                                  2025         etc.                                  BofA Securities, Citibank,   the Company        and periodic
                                                                                                     Guangfa Securities,                             reports
                                                                                                     Kaiyuan Securities and
                                                                                                     Huachuang Securities


     3.1.4 Board of Directors

          3.1.4.1 Duties of the Board

               The Board of the Company is responsible for convening the general meeting, report its work to
               the general meeting and implement the resolutions of the general meeting in a timely manner;
               overseeing the Company’s overall operation and strategic development; determining the
               operational plans and investment schemes of the Company, supervising and providing guidance
               to the Company’s management; and examining the Company’s operational and financial
               performance.

               (1)   Corporate governance functions

                     The Board of Directors is charged with the duty of corporate governance. It should
                     procure the management to establish a compliant organisational structure and system and
                     comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and other laws and regulations pertaining
                     to corporate governance in daily management. The Board of Directors is responsible for
                     the following corporate governance functions:

                     •            To develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

                     •            To review and monitor training and continuous professional development of the
                                  Directors and senior management;

                     •            To review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal
                                  and regulatory requirements;

                     •            To develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
                                  applicable to employees and Directors; and

                     •            To review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code set out
                                  in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and disclosure in the Corporate
                                  Governance Report.

                     In 2025, the Board fulfilled its corporate governance functions in a diligent effort to
                     improve the Company’s corporate governance practices.




70
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




               III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


     (2)   Duties and scope of authority of the Board of Directors and the management

           The respective duties and scopes of authority of the Board and the Management are
           clearly defined. The management conducts day-to-day operations and management and
           reports to the Board, and provides adequate information to the Board and its specialist
           committees in a timely manner to ensure that the Board makes informed decisions. All
           Directors are entitled to require further information from the Company’s management.

3.1.4.2 Board composition and diversity policy

     (1)   Board composition

           The Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company currently comprises nine
           Directors. The name list of the Directors is set out as follows:

           •     Executive Director: Mr. Xu Ziyang;

           •     Non-executive Directors: Ms. Fang Rong (Chair), Mr. Yan Junwu, Mr. Zhu Weimin and
                 Mr. Zhang Hong;

           •     Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng, Mr. Wang Qinggang and
                 Mr. Tsui Kei Pang.

           •     Employee Director: Ms. Li Miaona

           The composition of the Board of Directors was in compliance with the provisions of Rule
           3.10(1) and (2) and Rule 3.10 (A) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. There were no financial,
           business, family or other material/relevant connections among members of the Board of
           Directors of the Company.

     (2)   Term of office, appointment and removal of Directors

           A Director (including Non-executive Director) of the Company is appointed for a term of
           three years and is eligible for re-election upon conclusion of each term. An Independent
           Non-executive Director shall not serve for more than six years. Other than Independent
           Non-executive Director Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng of the Tenth Session of the Board of the
           Company, who serves a term commencing on 28 March 2025 and ending on 18 June
           2026, and Employee Director Ms. Li Miaona who serves a term commencing on 23 May
           2025 and ending on 27 March 2028, all Directors of the Tenth Session of the Board of the
           Company serve a term commencing on 28 March 2025 and ending on 27 March 2028.

           The appointment and removal of Non-employee Directors is subject to the approval of the
           General Meeting of the Company. The appointment and removal of Employee Directors is
           by way of democratic elections by employees. Each Director has entered into a Director’s
           Service Contract with the Company.

     (3)   Board diversity policy

           The Company acknowledges the importance of Board diversity for corporate governance
           and has formulated the Board Diversity Policy as part of the Working Rules of the
           Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors, which primarily provides that: the
           Company shall consider Board diversity from multiple aspects when determining Board
           composition, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
           background, professional experience, skills and knowledge. All members of the Board are
           appointed solely on the basis of merit. The benefits to Board diversity are weighted in
           light of objective conditions in the consideration of candidates.




                                                                                                  71
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                    The selection of candidates for Board members by the Board and the Nomination
                    Committee is based on a range of diverse perspectives and measurable objectives. In
                    connection with the implementation of the board diversity policy, the Company has
                    adopted the following measurable objectives:

                    •     The Board consists of at least 1 female member. The current Board members include
                          2 female Directors, accounting of 22% of the Board composition. There is 1 female
                          member on the Company’s Nomination Committee, representing 20% of the
                          Nomination Committee. The Board will seek to increase the ratio of female Directors
                          on top of the appointment of at least one female Director, taking into account its
                          actual conditions;

                    •     The number of Independent Non-executive Directors shall be not less than 3 and not
                          less than one-third of the total number of Directors of the Board. The Board
                          currently consists of 3 Independent Non-executive Directors who account for 1/3 of
                          the Board membership; moreover, the respective conveners of the Audit Committee,
                          Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, Nomination Committee and Export
                          Compliance Committee of the Company are all Independent Non-executive Directors.

                    •     The Directors boast a diverse range of professions. The Executive Directors have
                          extensive practical, management and operational experience in the electronics/
                          telecommunications sectors. The Non-executive Directors have extensive business
                          and management experience. The Independent Non-executive Directors are
                          professionally qualified and bring extensive experience in the monetary, financial,
                          legal and compliance aspects. For details of the personal information of the
                          Directors, please refer to the section headed “3.1.6.2 Brief biographies of Directors
                          and senior management” in this report.

                    The current diversified mix of the Board of the Company has enabled a broad vision and
                    high level of professional experience, whilst maintaining the element of independence
                    required for the Board to ensure that the Board of the Company is capable of effectively
                    making independent judgement and scientific decisions in the deliberation and
                    consideration of material matters. The Nomination Committee has reviewed the
                    composition, size and structure of the Board in 2025 and, taking into consideration the
                    business requirements of the Company, is of the view that the incumbent Board fulfills the
                    requirement for diversity. Regarding the potential successors to the Board, the Board and
                    the Nomination Committee intend to identify suitable candidates in a timely manner where
                    required to ensure gender diversity of the Board.

         3.1.4.3 Chairman and President

               The roles of Chairman and President of the Company are two distinctly separate positions with
               clearly defined respective functions under Articles 162 and 179, respectively, of the Articles of
               Association.

               Ms. Fang Rong as Chair is primarily responsible for providing leadership over the Board and
               ensuring effective operation of the Board in the best interest of the Company. In respect of the
               Company’s operating performance and material matters, the Chair should ensure communication
               and deliberation between the Board and the management on a regular basis and from time to
               time.

               Mr. Xu Ziyang as President is primarily responsible for presiding over the production operation
               and management of the Company, reporting to the Board on a quarterly basis in connection
               with material matters and organising the implementation of Board resolutions, whilst maintaining
               sound communication with the Directors.




72
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


3.1.4.4 Board Meetings

     The Board of the Company convenes at least 4 meetings each year. Notices of regular Board
     meetings and interim Board meetings of the Company were given 14 days and 3 days (or such
     other period as might be agreed), respectively, prior to the convening of the meetings. The
     Secretary to the Board of Directors/Company Secretary should provide details of the meetings
     not later than 3 days (or other agreed periods) prior to the commencement of the meeting.

     In 2025, the Company convened 22 Board meetings, including 4 meetings of the Ninth Session
     of the Board of Directors and 18 meetings of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors, at
     which resolutions relating to periodic reports, the re-election of a new session of the Board and
     nomination of non-independent and Independent Non-executive Director of the Tenth Session of
     the Board of Directors, appointment of new session of senior management of the Company,
     amendment of relevant clauses in the Articles of Association, Rules of Procedure for the General
     Meeting and Rules of Procedure for the Board Meeting, issuance of H-share convertible bonds,
     internal control audit report and continuing connected transactions were discussed and
     considered. All resolutions were considered and approved by the Board of the Company. The
     Directors have not expressed any dissent in respect of material matters considered in 2025. On
     a well-informed basis, the Directors furnished professional opinions in areas such as corporate
     governance, operations and management, internal control, third-party investment and connected
     transactions, among others, in light of the actual conditions of the Company, while the
     Company actively listened to and adopted the recommendations of the Directors. Where any
     matters (including connected transactions) to be considered by the Board of Directors of the
     Company were deemed by the Board of Directors to involve a material conflict of interest,
     abstention measures were adopted whereby the Directors who were by any means connected
     with such transactions abstained from voting.

     Minutes of each Board of Directors meeting should be filed after being signed by the attending
     Directors, the Secretary to the Board and minute-takers, and shall be made available for
     Directors’ inspection from time to time upon their request.

3.1.4.5 Directors’ attendance at meetings

     Attendance of Directors of the Company at the Board meetings, meetings of the specialist
     committees under the Board, Independent Directors’ meetings and the general meetings in 2025
     is set out in the following:

                                         Number of meetings attended in personNote/Number of meetings to be attended
                                                         Remuneration                   Export Independent
                                     Board        Audit and Evaluation    Nomination Compliance   Directors’       General
                                   meetings   Committee    Committee      Committee Committee      Meeting         Meeting
       Number of meetings held          22            7               2            2            4             2          2
       Executive Director
       Xu Ziyang                      22/22          —               —             —           3/4           —         2/2
       Li Zixue (retired)               4/4          —               —            1/1           —            —         1/1
       Gu Junying (retired)             4/4          —              1/1            —            —            —         1/1
       Non-executive Director
       Fang Rong                      22/22          —               —            2/2          4/4           —         2/2
       Yan Junwu                      17/18          —              0/1            —            —            —         1/1
       Zhu Weimin                     22/22         7/7             2/2            —            —            —         2/2
       Zhang Hong                     22/22         7/7              —            1/1           —            —         2/2
       Independent Non-executive
          Director
       Zhuang Jiansheng               22/22         7/7             2/2           2/2          4/4          2/2        2/2
       Wang Qinggang                  22/22         7/7             2/2           2/2          4/4          2/2        2/2
       Tsui Kei Pang                  22/22         7/7             2/2           2/2          4/4          2/2        2/2
       Employee Director
       Li Miaona                      13/13          —               —            —             —            —          —




                                                                                                                         73
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


               Note: The number of meetings represented the number of meetings held during the term of office of the Directors. In 2025,
                     22 Board meetings were held, including 5 by way of video or telephone conference, and 17 by way of voting via
                     communication. Mr. Yan Junwu attended Board meetings and the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee meetings
                     by proxy each for once owing to work reasons. Mr. Xu Ziyang attended Export Compliance Committee meetings by
                     proxy for once owing to work reasons. Attendance by proxy is not counted in the attendance rate. No Director of
                     the Company reported absence from Board meetings or failed to attend in person at two consecutive Board
                     meetings.


         3.1.4.6 Performance of duties by the Independent Non-executive Directors

               The Company has received annual written confirmations of independence from all the
               Independent Non-executive Directors regarding their independence in accordance with the
               factors listed under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and Rules Governing Independent
               Directors of Listed Companies. The Company and Board of Directors are of the opinion that all
               Independent Non-executive Directors are independent persons.

               Independent Non-executive Directors accounted for the majority and served as convenor at the
               specialist committees of the Board. In 2025, the Independent Non-executive Directors of the
               Company informed themselves of the Company’s important business information in a timely
               manner, dutifully attended the meetings of the Board and its specialist committees where they
               actively expressed their views and furnished suggestions in genuine fulfillment of the role of
               “participating in decision-making, supervision and check and balance and professional
               consultation”. In 2025, the Company convened two Independent Directors’ Meetings attended
               solely by Independent Non-executive Directors for the consideration of continuing connected
               transactions, the details of which are set out in the section headed “3.1.5.2 Independent
               Directors’ Meeting” in this report.

         3.1.4.7 Measures Taken to Ensure the Performance of Duties by Directors

               (1)    In 2025, the Directors of the Company received ongoing professional training by studying
                      relevant materials and attending training sessions. The Company provided Directors with
                      information on listing regulations in a timely manner. All Directors (Executive Director Mr.
                      Xu Ziyang; Non-executive Directors Ms. Fang Rong, Mr. Yan Junwu, Mr. Zhu Weimin, Mr.
                      Zhang Hong; Independent Non-executive Directors Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng, Mr. Wang
                      Qinggang, Mr. Tsui Kei Pang; Employee Director Ms. Li Miaona) have received training on
                      the roles and duties of Directors. The contents of such training included the latest
                      amendments to the Corporate Governance Code of Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
                      explanation of the new ancillary system of the Company Law, key requirements under the
                      “Corporate Governance Guide for the Board of Directors and the Directors”, explanation of
                      “Sustainability Disclosure Standards No. 1 — Climate” promulgated by the Ministry of
                      Finance, key points in the regulation of financial report accounting for listed companies,
                      export compliance policy and anti-business corruption policy, among others, designed to
                      help Directors keep themselves updated on regulatory developments and compliance
                      requirements, in order to enhance their competence in scientific decision-making and duty
                      fulfillment. Newly appointed Directors Mr. Yan Junwu and Ms. Li Miaona participated in
                      training on provisions applicable to Directors under the Hong Kong Listing Rules provided
                      by the Hong Kong legal advisor of the Company.

               (2)    The Company has established a mechanism to allow all Directors of the Company to seek
                      independent professional opinion in respect of the performance of their duties and
                      responsibilities at the cost of the Company to ensure that the Board of Directors can
                      obtain independent views and opinions. The Board has examined and reviewed the
                      relevant mechanism and is of the view that it has been duly implemented and effective.

               (3)    In connection with potential legal risks arising from the performance of duties by the
                      Directors and senior management, the Company has purchased liability insurance for
                      Directors and the senior employees.




74
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                    III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


3.1.5 Specialised committees under the Board of Directors and Independent Directors’ Meeting

    3.1.5.1 Specialised committees under the Board of Directors

          There are four specialised committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the
          Audit Committee, Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, Nomination Committee and Export
          Compliance Committee. Specific working rules have been formulated for each of the specialised
          committees, stipulating, among other things, the duties and powers of these committees, and
          have been posted on www.cninfo.com.cn, the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
          the website of the Company. The order of meeting for the specialised committees is conducted
          in accordance with their respective working rules, and is implemented by reference to the
          statutory procedures for meetings of Board of Directors. Members of the specialist committees
          discharged their duties with due diligence and performed the duties of Directors in a proactive,
          professional and efficient manner, reviewing carefully all documents and information relating to
          the meetings, conducting analysis and making judgements on various issues in a fair and
          objective manner, making recommendations based on the actual conditions of the Company,
          and providing scientific and professional opinions for reference by the Board of Directors in its
          decision-making. Records of Directors’ attendance at the specialist committee meetings in 2025
          are set out above.

          (1)   The Audit Committee

                ①     Roles, functions and composition of the Audit Committee

                      The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for examining the financial information
                      of the Company and its disclosure (including the inspection of the completeness of
                      the Company’s financial statements and annual reports, interim reports and quarterly
                      reports, as well as the review of significant opinions on financial reporting contained
                      in the statements and reports); making recommendations to the Board of Directors
                      on the appointment and removal, audit fees and terms of engagement of external
                      auditors; supervising the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit system and its
                      implementation; reviewing the financial reporting, risk management and internal
                      control systems of the Company; and the appointment or removal of the Chief
                      Financial Officer of the Company. The Audit Committee is also responsible for
                      supervising the conduct of the Directors and the senior management in their
                      performance of duties, proposing ex tempore motions at the general meetings and
                      proposing the convening of extraordinary general meetings.

                      The Audit Committee of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company
                      comprises five members, including Independent Non-executive Directors Mr. Wang
                      Qinggang (convenor), Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng and Mr. Tsui Kei Pang and Non-
                      executive Directors Mr. Zhu Weimin and Mr. Zhang Hong. The composition of the
                      Audit Committee was in compliance with the provisions of Rule 4.2.13 of the
                      Shenzhen Listing Rules and Rule 3.21 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                          75
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                    ②    Meetings and work of the Audit Committee during the year

                         The Audit Committee held 7 meetings on 21 January 2025, 21 February 2025, 28
                         February 2025, 31 March 2025, 22 April 2025, 28 August 2025 and 28 October
                         2025, respectively, to discuss and consider audit work, regular financial reports,
                         appointment of auditors, derivatives trading, conduct qualifications vetting in respect
                         of the candidate for chief financial officer and the internal control audit work report
                         of the Company, and held numerous discussions with the auditor. The Audit
                         Committee plays an important role in ensuring scientific decision making at the
                         Board of Directors by furnishing advice and recommendations in respect of matters
                         such as the Company’s financial information and its disclosure, internal audit system
                         and its implementation, internal control and risk management. Members of the Audit
                         Committee have not expressed any dissent in respect of matters considered at the
                         aforesaid meeting.

                         The Audit Committee conducted the following important tasks in respect of the
                         Company’s 2025 annual audit and internal control development and improvement:

                         Issue of three review opinions on the 2025 annual financial report of the Company:
                         The Audit Committee issued review opinions on the Company’s unaudited,
                         preliminarily audited and audited financial statements of 2025. Following thorough
                         assessment, the Audit Committee was of the view that the financial report was a fair
                         reflection of the Company’s financial conditions as at 31 December 2025 and its
                         operating results and cash flow for 2025 in material aspects and was in compliance
                         with PRC ASBEs and their practice guide and approved the submission of the
                         audited financial report 2025 for consideration by the Board of Directors of the
                         Company.

                         Supervision of the audit work of the auditor: to ensure the conduct of auditing work
                         in an orderly manner, the auditor of the Company had finalised the 2025 audit plan
                         and timetable with the auditor ahead of schedule. During the course of audit,
                         members of the Audit Committee held three meetings with principal officers of the
                         auditor in charge of the assignment to inform themselves of the progress of audit
                         and concerns in genuine performance of their supervisory duties. The Audit
                         Committee also procured the auditor in charge of the assignment to expedite its
                         work and examined the annual audit report.

                         Assessment on the audit work of the auditor: following a number of communications
                         and discussions with the auditor, the Audit Committee was of the view that the
                         auditor conducted its practice in compliance with audit regulations and completed
                         the financial report and internal control audit of the Company for 2025 in
                         accordance with the audit schedule.

                         Supervising improvement of the internal control system: The internal control and
                         audit department functions as the day-to-day executive arm of the Audit Committee
                         to implement supervision and inspection of the Company’s internal controls on behalf
                         of the Audit Committee. In 2025, the Audit Committee received the report of the
                         internal control and audit department on internal control and audit and furnished
                         relevant opinion. For details of the Audit Committee’s work in reviewing the
                         Company’s internal control and risk management, please refer to the section headed
                         “3.1.11 Internal control and risk management” in this report.




76
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




          III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


            In 2025, the Audit Committee carried out meticulous supervision over Company’s
            financial conditions and the performance of duties by the Directors and senior
            management and have not expressed any dissent in connection with the said
            matters under their supervision.

(2)   The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee

      ①     Roles, functions and composition of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee

            The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee is primarily responsible for determining
            and reviewing specific remuneration packages and performances of the Directors and
            senior management of the Company based on the policies and structures for the
            management of remuneration and performance of Directors and senior management
            laid down by the Board of Directors, and conducting appraisal of the performance of
            Executive Directors. It is also responsible for reviewing share ownership schemes of
            the Company such as share option incentives and staff shareholding plans.

            The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of the Tenth Session of the Board of
            Directors of the Company comprises five members, including Independent Non-
            executive Directors Mr. Wang Qinggang (convenor), Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng and Mr.
            Tsui Kei Pang, Non-executive Directors Mr. Yan Junwu and Mr. Zhu Weimin.

      ②     Meetings and work of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee during the year

            The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee held 2 meetings on 28 February 2025
            and 22 April 2025, respectively, to consider and approve, among others, the
            performance appraisal and annual performance bonus for senior management
            personnel. Members of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee have not
            expressed any dissent to the aforesaid businesses under consideration at the
            meetings.

      ③     Remuneration policy for Directors and senior management

            The Company determines the remuneration of Directors and senior management
            based on their positions and duties, and performance as well as the actual operating
            conditions of the Company.

            The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee makes recommendations to the Board
            of Directors on the remuneration for Directors and senior management according to
            the aforesaid remuneration policy in the manner set out in Code E.1.2(c)(ii) of
            Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                             77
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


              (3)   The Nomination Committee

                    ①    Roles, functions and composition of the Nomination Committee

                         The Nomination Committee is primarily responsible for considering standards and
                         procedures for the selection of Directors and senior management of the Company.
                         The committee identifies suitable candidates for appointment as Directors and senior
                         management and conducts qualification vetting in accordance with relevant laws and
                         regulations and the Articles of Association, taking into account the actual conditions
                         of the Company. The Nomination Committee then formulates a resolution to be
                         submitted to the Board of Directors and general meetings (if applicable) for approval,
                         and implements accordingly. It assesses the independence of Independent Non-
                         executive Directors. It also reviews the board diversity policy as well as the
                         measurable objectives under the board diversity policy and progress in achieving
                         such objectives as and when appropriate to ensure effective implementation.

                         The Nomination Committee of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the
                         Company comprises five members, including Independent Non-executive Directors
                         Mr. Tsui Kei Pang (convenor), Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng and Mr. Wang Qinggang, Non-
                         executive Directors Ms. Fang Rong and Mr. Zhang Hong.

                    ②    Meeting and work of the Nomination Committee during the year

                         The Nomination Committee held 2 meetings on 11 March 2025 and 31 March 2025,
                         respectively, to deliberate on the structure and diversity policy of the Board and
                         consider the qualifications of candidates for Non-executive Directors and
                         Independent Non-executive Directors for the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors
                         and their recommendations, and the qualifications of the new session of senior
                         management and their recommendations, among others. Members of the Nomination
                         Committee have not expressed any dissent to the aforesaid businesses under
                         consideration at the meeting.

                    ③    Criteria and procedures for the nomination, selection and recommendation of Directors
                         and senior management

                         The Nomination Committee conducts extensive searches for candidates for Directors
                         and senior management after considering the Company’s requirements. With the
                         consent of the nominees, a meeting of the Nomination Committee will be convened
                         to vet the qualifications of the shortlisted nominees and recommend candidates for
                         Directors and new senior management appointments to the Board of the Directors
                         with the furnishing of relevant materials based on the terms for appointment of
                         Directors and senior management under the Company Law, Rules Governing
                         Independent Directors of Listed Companies and the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

              (4)   The Export Compliance Committee

                    ①    Roles, functions and composition of the Export Compliance Committee

                         The Export Compliance Committee is principally responsible for regulation over
                         matters pertaining to compliance with export control and economic sanction laws.

                         The Export Compliance Committee of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of
                         the Company comprises five members, including Independent Non-executive
                         Directors Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng (chair), Mr. Wang Qinggang and Mr. Tsui Kei Pang,
                         Non-executive Director Ms. Fang Rong and Executive Director Mr. Xu Ziyang.




78
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                   III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


               ②     Meetings and work of the Export Compliance Committee during the year

                     The Export Compliance Committee held 4 meetings on 10 April 2025, 27 June
                     2025, 18 September 2025 and 16 December 2025, respectively, to discuss and
                     review matters relating to the Company’s export compliance. Members of the Export
                     Compliance Committee have not expressed any dissent to the aforesaid businesses
                     under consideration at the meeting.

    3.1.5.2 Independent Directors’ Meeting

         (1)   Role, functions and composition of the Independent Directors’ Meeting

               In accordance with the Rules Governing Independent Directors of Listed Companies
               announced by the CSRC, the Company convened the Independent Directors’ Meetings
               attended solely by Independent Non-executive Directors. In accordance with the aforesaid
               regulations, the Company’s Independent Non-executive Directors perform supervisory
               duties with a special authority. Connected transactions and other matters that could
               potentially involve conflict of interests should be approved at the Independent Directors’
               Meeting prior to submission to the Board for consideration. The exercise of special
               authority by Independent Non-executive Directors to independently appoint intermediaries,
               propose the convening of interim general meetings to the Board and propose the
               convening of Board meetings shall require approval by a majority of all Independent
               Directors.

         (2)   Work of the Independent Directors’ Meeting during the year

               The Independent Directors of the Company convened two meetings on 28 August 2025
               and 16 December 2025, respectively, to discuss and consider the Company’s continuing
               connected transactions in connection with purchase and sales, review the transaction
               prices and terms of agreement and give approval to the tabling of the resolution on such
               connected transactions at the Board meeting for consideration.

3.1.6 Directors, Supervisors and senior management

    3.1.6.1 Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management

         (1)   Election of a new session of the Board

               At the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 28 March 2025 and the First
               Meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors held on 31 March 2025, the
               election of a new session of the Board and the Chair, Non-executive Directors, Executive
               Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors was completed:

               Ms. Fang Rong, Mr. Yan Junwu, Mr. Zhu Weimin and Mr. Zhang Hong were elected as
               Non-executive Directors of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors with Ms. Fang
               Rong as Chair; Mr. Xu Ziyang was elected as Executive Director of the Tenth Session of
               the Board of Directors; Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng, Mr. Wang Qinggang and Mr. Tsui Kei Pang
               were elected as Independent Non-executive Directors of the Tenth Session of the Board of
               Directors. As the Rules Governing Independent Directors of Listed Companies of the
               CSRC provide that “an independent director shall not hold office at a listed company for
               more than six years in consecutive appointments”, the term of Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng as
               Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, which commenced on 19 June
               2020, will conclude on 18 June 2026. Other Directors shall serve a term of three years
               commencing on 28 March 2025 and ending on 27 March 2028.

               The Employee Representative Congress of the Company completed the election of the
               Employee Director on 23 May 2025 and Ms. Li Miaona was elected as Employee Director
               of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors for a term commencing on 23 May 2025
               and ending on 27 March 2028.



                                                                                                      79
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                    Mr. Yan Junwu and Ms. Li Miaona have obtained the legal advice described under Rule
                    3.09D of the Hong Kong Rules on 28 March 2025 and 23 May 2025, respectively, and
                    have confirmed understanding of their obligations as Directors of the Company.

              (2)   Abolishment of the Supervisory Committee

                    At the Company’s First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 held on 24 April 2025,
                    amendments to the Articles of Association were considered and approved, pursuant to
                    which clauses in the Articles of Association relating to the Supervisory Committee were
                    removed and the Company ceased to operate with a Supervisory Committee. The term of
                    the Ninth Session of the Supervisory Committee concluded on 24 April 2025.

              (3)   Appointment of senior management

                    At the First Meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company held
                    on 31 March 2025, the appointment of senior management for a new term was
                    considered and approved. Mr. Xu Ziyang was re-appointed as President of the Company,
                    Mr. Wang Xiyu, Ms. Li Ying and Mr. Xie Junshi were re-appointed as Executive Vice
                    Presidents of the Company, Ms. Li Ying was re-appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the
                    Company and Mr. Ding Jianzhong was re-appointed as the Secretary to the Board of the
                    Company, for a term commencing on 31 March 2025 and ending on 27 March 2028.

         3.1.6.2 Brief biographies of Directors and senior management

              (1)   Brief biographies of Directors

                    Ms. Fang Rong, born in 1964, is Chair and Non-executive Director of the Company. She
                    graduated from Nanjing Institute of Posts and Telecommunications (now known as Nanjing
                    University of Posts and Telecommunications) in 1987 with a bachelor’s degree in
                    engineering, majoring in telecommunications engineering. From 1987 to 1995, Ms. Fang
                    worked at Wuhan Posts and Telecommunications and Science Research Institute under the
                    Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications. She worked with Zhongxingxin, controlling
                    shareholder of the Company, from 1995 to 1997 and with the Company from 1997 to
                    2009, acting as Senior Vice President of the Company from 1998 to 2009, after the
                    incorporation and listing on the main board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange of the Company
                    in 1997. She was executive vice president of Zhongxing Development Company Limited
                    from 2009 to April 2024 and director of the company from 2009 to January 2026. From
                    September 2021, she has been chairman of Xiazhi Technology Company Limited. Ms.
                    Fang has been Non-executive Director of the Company since June 2018 and Chair of the
                    Company since March 2025. Ms. Fang has many years of operational and management
                    experience in the telecommunication industry.

                    Mr. Xu Ziyang, born in 1972, is Executive Director and President of the Company. He
                    graduated from University of Electronic Science and Technology of China in 1994 with a
                    bachelor’s degree in engineering, majoring in physical electronics technology. Mr. Xu
                    joined the Company in 1998, and served successively as head of development
                    department, and product general manager of core network, regional MKT general
                    manager, general manager of subsidiary and assistant to the President. Mr. Xu has been
                    President of the Company since July 2018 and Executive Director of the Company since
                    August 2018. Mr. Xu has many years of operational and management experience in the
                    telecommunication industry.




80
                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




   III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


Mr. Yan Junwu, born in 1968, is Non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Yan was
previously named Yan Suoping. Mr. Yan graduated from Inner Mongolia University in
1989, majoring in electronics and information systems. He further obtained a Master of
Engineering degree specialising in general missile design, as well as the title of research
fellow, in 1992. Mr. Yan joined Beijing Institute of Astronautical System Engineering under
China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology in 1992 to engage in general missile design
and informatisation projects, serving successively as designer, team leader and deputy
head of the development and planning department of Beijing Institute of Astronautical
System Engineering under China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology from 1992 to
2009. From 2009 to 2015, he successively served as deputy head of the planning
department and deputy head of the weaponry department of China Aerospace Science
and Technology Corporation. From 2015 to 2017, he served as director, president and
deputy secretary of Party Committee of Beijing Shenzhou Aerospace Software Technology
Co., Ltd. From 2017 to 2020, he was vice chairman of China Siwei Surveying & Mapping
Technology Co. Ltd. From 2020 to 2023, he served as director of China Great Wall
Industry Corporation, China Siwei Surveying & Mapping Technology Co. Ltd. and Beijing
Shenzhou Aerospace Software Technology Co., Ltd., respectively. Since 2023, he has
been deputy head of China Aerospace Electronics Technology Research Institute. He has
been Non-executive Director of the Company since March 2025. Mr. Yan has extensive
experience in the electronics industry in both professional and management capacities.

Mr. Zhu Weimin, born in 1966, is Non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhu
graduated from the Department of Electronic Engineering of Shanghai Jiaotong University
in 1988 with a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring in electronic engineering and
obtained an MBA degree from China Europe International Business School in Shanghai in
2003. Mr. Zhu served successively as a technician and deputy head of Suzhou Dongfeng
Communication Equipment Factory Research Institute from 1988 to 1991; research
engineer and deputy director of the development department of Shenzhen Zhongxing
Semiconductor Co., Ltd. from 1991 to 1993; research engineer of Zhongxingxin, the
controlling shareholder of the Company, and head of Nanjing Research Institute of
Zhongxingxin from 1993 to 1997. Mr. Zhu served as Director and Deputy General Manager
of the Company from 1997 to 2000 after the incorporation and listing on the main board
of Shenzhen Stock Exchange of the Company in 1997; deputy general manager of
Zhongxingxin from 2002 to 2003; general manager of Shenzhen Changfei Investment Co.,
Ltd. from 2004 to 2013; and director of Shenzhen Jufei Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. (a
company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Zhu served as
director of Shenzhen Techaser Technologies Co., Ltd. from 2008 to 2023 (concurrently as
advisor from 2013 to 2018); and chairman/director of Shenzhen Zhongxing International
Investment Co., Ltd. and its certain subsidiaries since 2018. At present, he is concurrently
serving as director of Zhongxingxin, Shenzhen Zhongxing WXT Equipment Company
Limited and Shenzhen Xinyu Tengyue Electronics Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhu has been Non-
executive Director of the Company since June 2018. Mr. Zhu has extensive experience in
management and operations.




                                                                                         81
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                    Mr. Zhang Hong, born in 1979, is Non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Zhang
                    graduated from Hubei University with a bachelor’s degree in Management in 2001,
                    majoring in Accounting. In 2019, he obtained a master’s degree in Public Administration
                    from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law. He holds the title of senior accountant
                    and qualifications as a Certified Internal Auditor and an International Certified Management
                    Accountant. He has been included in the list of Top-tier Accounting Professionals of Hubei
                    Province. From 2001 to 2012, Mr. Zhang worked with Hubei Sanjiang Space Wan Feng
                    Technology Development Co., Ltd. as a financial personnel, holding successively the
                    positions of accounting clerk at the financial division, deputy head of accounting division,
                    head of accounting division, head of audit division, director of factory office, head of
                    financial department and deputy chief accountant. From 2012 to 2015, he worked
                    successively as assistant to head of institute and head of financial department and chief
                    accountant of Aerospace Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. From 2015 to 2018, he was deputy
                    head of financial department of China Aerospace Sanjiang Group Co., Ltd. From 2018 to
                    2023, he was chief accountant, chief legal adviser and chief compliance officer (CCO) of
                    Henan Aerospace Industrial Co., Ltd. Since 2023, he has been chief accountant, chief
                    legal adviser and chief compliance officer (CCO) of Shenzhen Aerospace Industrial
                    Technology Research Institute Limited and concurrently director and chief accountant of
                    CASIC Shenzhen (Group) Company Limited. He has been supervisor of Zhongxingxin since
                    July 2024 and Non-executive Director of the Company since June 2024. Mr. Zhang has
                    many years of experience in management and operations.

                    Mr. Zhuang Jiansheng, born in 1965, is Independent Non-executive Director of the
                    Company. Mr. Zhuang graduated from East China University of Political Science and Law
                    with a bachelor’s degree in law in 1988, and obtained a master’s degree in international
                    and economic law from the University of International Business and Economics in 1991.
                    Mr. Zhuang has been admitted as a PRC Attorney. Mr. Zhuang has worked in Shanghai
                    WGQ Free Trade Zone Development Corporation, PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting
                    Firm, and Baker & McKenzie LLP in the United States. Mr. Zhuang has been the advisory
                    partner of Shanghai Huiye Law Firm with respect to the business of trade compliance and
                    customs since January 2016. He has been Independent Non-executive Director of the
                    Company since June 2020. Mr. Zhuang has extensive experience in legal and practical
                    matters in areas like international trade compliance, corporate regulatory matters, customs
                    and tax law.

                    Mr. Wang Qinggang, born in 1970, is Independent Non-executive Director of the
                    Company. Mr. Wang was previously named Wang Yong. He graduated from Huazhong
                    Agricultural University with a bachelor’s degree in Economics in 1993, majoring in
                    Economic Management. He received a master’s degree in Economics from Zhongnan
                    University of Finance (renamed Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in 2000) in
                    1996, followed by a PHD in Management at Zhongnan University of Economics and Law
                    in 2004. During 2004 – 2007, he undertook post-doctoral research in business
                    administration at Xiamen University. He holds the qualification of a PRC certified
                    accountant (non-practising). Mr. Wang has been on the faculty of Zhongnan University of
                    Economics and Law since 1996 and is currently a professor/tutor to doctoral students at
                    the School of Accounting of the university. Mr. Wang has been an independent director of
                    Wuhan SZY Biotech Joint Stock Co., Ltd. (a non-listed company) since January 2021 and
                    an independent director of Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou Medical Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (a
                    company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) since February 2023. He was
                    previously independent director at Wuhan Sante Cableway Group Co., Ltd. (a company
                    listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange), Jinhui Liquor Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
                    Shanghai Stock Exchange), Wuhan Xingtu Xinke Electronics Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
                    the Shanghai Stock Exchange) and Wuhan Mindsemi Company Limited (a non-listed
                    company), respectively. Mr. Wang has been Independent Non-executive Director of the
                    Company since June 2024. He has a strong academic and professional background as
                    well as extensive experience in accounting and finance.




82
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




         III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


      Mr. Tsui Kei Pang, born in 1960, is Independent Non-executive Director of the Company.
      Mr. Tsui graduated from The University of Hong Kong with a LLB degree and a Master of
      Laws degree in 1990 and 1997, respectively. Mr. Tsui has been a practicing solicitor of
      Hong Kong for more than 30 years, working with Gallant Y T Ho & Co from 1993 to 2018
      and, since 2018, Messrs. Anthony Siu & Co where he is currently a partner. Mr. Tsui has
      been an independent non-executive director of CIMC Enric Holdings Limited (a company
      listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong) since November 2009. He is also an
      arbitrator at China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission South China
      Branch (Shenzhen International Arbitration Committee), Hainan International Arbitration
      Court and Huizhou Arbitration Committee, respectively, an honorary legal adviser of The
      Hong Kong Real Estate Association and Hong Kong Association for Testing, Inspection
      and Certification Ltd., respectively, and the vice president of Association of China-
      Appointed Attesting Officers Limited. He has been Independent Non-executive Director of
      the Company since June 2024. Mr. Tsui has strong professional qualifications and
      extensive experience in the legal sector.

      Ms. Li Miaona, born in 1974, is Employee Director of the Company. Ms. Li graduated from
      Renmin University of China in 1997 with a bachelor’s degree in History, majoring in
      Archival Science. Ms. Li joined the Company in 2000 and worked with the Quality Section
      of the Network Business Department and the Editorial of ZTE Newsletter under the Human
      Resources Department from 2000 to 2005. Ms. Li was Head of the Shenzhen Platform of
      the Administrative Department of the Company from 2005 to 2010. She worked at the
      Cloud Service Centre under the financial organisation from 2010 to 2017. She was
      Principal of the Administrative Platform under the Administrative Department, Principal of
      Operations and Management of Administrative Properties and Head of the Administrative
      Properties Staff Service Management Department of the Company from 2017 to July
      2021. Since July 2021, she has been chairman of the Trade Union and Head of the Office
      of Trade Unions Directly Affiliated with the Headquarters of the Company. She is
      concurrently chairman of Shenzhen Zhongxing Yihe Investment and Development
      Company Limited. She was Supervisor of the Company from March 2022 to April 2025.
      She has been Employee Director of the Company since May 2025. Ms. Li has extensive
      management and operational experience.

(2)   Brief biographies of senior management

      Mr. Xu Ziyang, President of the Company. Please refer to the section headed “Brief
      biographies of Directors” for his biography.

      Mr. Wang Xiyu, born in 1974, is Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Wang
      graduated from Northern Jiaotong University (now renamed as “Beijing Jiaotong
      University”) in 1995 with a bachelor’s degree in engineering, majoring in power traction
      and transmission control, and further obtained a master’s degree in engineering from
      Northern Jiaotong University in 1998 majoring in railway traction electrification and
      automation. Mr. Wang joined the Company in 1998 and served successively as engineer,
      project manager, head of development division and deputy general manager at the CDMA
      Department of the Company from 1998 to 2007. From 2008 to 2016, he had been Head
      of the Wireless Structure Division and Deputy Head/Head of the Wireless Research
      Institute at the Wireless Department of the Company. He was Deputy CTO and Assistant
      to the President of the Company from 2016 to July 2018. Mr. Wang has been Executive
      Vice President of the Company since July 2018. He has many years of operational and
      management experience in telecommunications industry.




                                                                                             83
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


                    Ms. Li Ying, born in 1978, is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
                    Company. Ms. Li graduated from Xi’an Jiaotong University in 1999 with a bachelor’s
                    degree in management and a bachelor’s degree in engineering. She further obtained a
                    master’s degree in management from Xi’an Jiaotong University in 2002, majoring in
                    management science and engineering. Ms. Li joined the Company in 2002 and acted
                    successively as Principal of the Cost and Strategy Office, Head of the Logistics Finance
                    Department, Head of the Production Research Finance Department, Deputy Head of the
                    Finance Management Department and Deputy Chief of the Finance Management
                    Department from 2002 to January 2018. From January to July 2018, she was Chief of
                    Finance Management Department. She has been Executive Vice President and Chief
                    Financial Officer of the Company since July 2018. Ms. Li has many years of experience in
                    finance and the operation and management of the telecommunication industry.

                    Mr. Xie Junshi, born in 1975, is Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Xie
                    graduated from Tsinghua University in 1998 with a bachelor’s degree in engineering
                    majoring in engineering mechanics and further obtained a master’s degree in engineering
                    majoring in fluid mechanics in 2001, also from Tsinghua University. Mr. Xie joined the
                    Company in 2001 and had successively served as the Company’s Technology Manager
                    (International Markets), Regional Business Technology Manager (Europe and South Asia)
                    and Regional Deputy General Manager (Europe and North America) and Regional Deputy
                    General Manager (Europe) from 2001 to 2013. From 2014 to July 2018, he was the
                    Company’s General Manager (Europe and America) for MKT and Solutions. He was Senior
                    Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from July 2018 to September 2019. Since
                    September 2019, he has been Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the
                    Company. Mr. Xie has many years of experience in the operation and management of the
                    telecommunication industry.

                    Mr. Ding Jianzhong, born in 1976, is Secretary to the Board/Company Secretary of the
                    Company. Mr. Ding holds a master’s degree in management and is a certified public
                    accountant of the PRC and an Associate Member of China Certified Tax Agents
                    Association. Mr. Ding joined the Company in 2003. From 2003 to March 2019, he had
                    served successively as: Financial Principal of the Business Department, Principal of the
                    Cost and Strategy Office, Financial Principal of the Engineering Service Operation
                    Department, Deputy Head of the Engineering Business Department, Deputy Chief of the
                    Business Centre, Head of Financial Division II under the Financial Management
                    Department, Head of Supply Chain Procurement Division III and Chief of Work
                    Outsourcing Division under the Engineering Service Operation Department. He was Chief
                    of the Securities Department under the Finance Department of the Company from April
                    2019 to September 2025. He has been General Manager of the Securities and Taxation
                    Department under the financial organisation since October 2025, Secretary to the Board of
                    the Company since July 2019 and Company Secretary since November 2019. Mr. Ding has
                    many years of experience in operation and management in the finance and
                    telecommunication industries.

         3.1.6.3 Offices held by Directors and senior management

              (1)   Position held by current Directors and senior management at shareholder unit

                                                                                                                 Whether receiving
                                                                                                                 remuneration or
                                   Name of        Position with the     Commencement of     Conclusion of term   subsidy from
                     Name          shareholder    shareholder           term of office      of office            Zhongxingxin
                     Zhu Weimin    Zhongxingxin   Director              May 2024            May 2027             No
                     Zhang Hong    Zhongxingxin   Supervisor            July 2024           May 2027             No

                    Note: The term of appointment for the aforesaid personnel commences and ends concurrently with the eleventh
                          session of the board of directors and supervisory committee of Zhongxingxin.




84
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




         III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


(2)   Positions held by current Directors and senior management at other entities

                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                    receiving
                                                                                                    remuneration or
                                                                                Position in other   subsidy from
       Name             Name of other entities                                  entities            other entities
       Fang Rong        Zhongxing Development Company Limited                   Director            No
                        Xiazhi Technology Company Limited                       Chairman            Yes
                        Held positions in 6 subsidiaries or investees of        Director            No
                           Zhongxing Development Company Limited
                           including Shenzhen ZTE Yangfan Bio-
                           Engineering Company Limited
                        Shenzhen ZTE International Investment Limited           Director            No
                        Beijing United ZTE International Investment Limited     Director            No
                        Hainan Lianhe Investment Partnership Enterprise         Executive partner   No
                           (Limited Partnership)
       Yan Junwu        China Aerospace Electronics Technology Research         Deputy dean         Yes
                           Institute
                        China Aerospace Times Electronics Co., Ltd.             Director            No
       Zhu Weimin       Shenzhen ZTE International Investment Limited           Chairman            Yes
                        Held positions in 4 subsidiaries of Shenzhen ZTE        Chairman/director   No
                           International Investment Limited including Beijing
                           United ZTE International Investment Limited
                        Shenzhen Zhongxing WXT Company Limited           Director                   No
                        Shenzhen Xinyu Tengyue Electronics Co., Ltd.     Director                   No
       Zhang Hong       Shenzhen Aerospace Industrial Technology         Chief accountant,          Yes
                           Research Institute Limited                       chief legal
                                                                            adviser, chief
                                                                            compliance
                                                                            officer
                        CASIC Shenzhen (Group) Company Limited           Director, chief            No
                                                                            accountant
                        Shenzhen Zhongxing Information Company Limited Director                     No
                        Shenzhen Aerospace Industrial Technology Finance Director                   No
                          Co., Ltd.
       Zhuang Jiansheng Shanghai Huiyue Law Firm                         Partner                    Yes
       Wang Qinggang Zhongnan University of Economics and Law            Professor/tutor to         Yes
                                                                            doctoral students
                                                                            at the school of
                                                                            accounting
                        Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou Medical Manufacturer Co      Independent                Yes
                          Ltd.                                              director
                        Wuhan SZY Biotech Joint Stock Co., Ltd.          Independent                Yes
                                                                            director
       Tsui Kei Pang    Anthony Siu & Co.                                Partner                    Yes
                        CIMC Enric Holdings Ltd.                         Independent                Yes
                                                                            non-executive
                                                                            director
       Li Miaona        Shenzhen Zhongxing Yihe Investment and           Chairman                   No
                          Development Company Limited




                                                                                                                 85
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


              (3)   Position held by current Directors and senior management at subsidiaries of the Company

                                                                                           Position in
                      Name                Name of subsidiaries                             subsidiaries
                      Wang Xiyu           Sanechips Technology Co., Ltd.                  Chairman
                                          Zhongxing Photonics Technology Co., Ltd.        Chairman
                                          JINZHUAN Information Technology Co., Ltd.       Vice-chairman
                                          Beijing LeapRise Technology Co., Ltd.           Chairman
                                          Beijing Leaplines Technology Co., Ltd.          Chairman
                                          Shanghai Puzhan Technology Co., Ltd.            Chairman
                                          SHANGHAI SHENQI JI YUAN INTELLIGENT             Chairman
                                            TERMINAL CO., LTD.
                                          Beijing XingYun Digital Technology Co., Ltd.    Chairman
                                          Beijing ZTE Digital Nebula Technology Co., Ltd. Vice-chairman
                                          Shenzhen ZetaMatrix Co., Ltd.                   Chairman
                      Li Ying             ZTE Group Finance Company Limited               Chairman
                                          ZTE (H.K.) Limited                              Chairman
                                          Shenzhen Caixing Management Consulting          Chairman
                                            Co., Ltd.
                                          Sanechips Technology Co., Ltd.                  Director
                                          INTELLIBRIGHT INTERCONNECT LIMITED              Director
                      Xie Junshi          Shenzhen ZTE Technology & Service Company Chairman
                                            Limited

              (4)   Changes in positions held by the Directors and senior management:

                    Ms. Fang Rong has ceased to be director of Zhongxing Development Company Limited as
                    from January 2026.

                    Mr. Zhu Weimin has ceased to be director of Hainan Xinghang Technology Co., Ltd. as
                    from October 2025.

                    Mr. Wang Qinggang has ceased to be independent director of Wuhan Xingtu Xinke
                    Electronics Co., Ltd. as from March 2025.

                    Mr. Wang Xiyu has ceased to be chairman of Guangdong Zhongxing Newstart Technology
                    Co.,Ltd. as from March 2025 and has been appointed as chairman of SHANGHAI SHENQI
                    JI YUAN INTELLIGENT TERMINAL CO., LTD. and chairman of Shenzhen ZetaMatrix Co.,
                    Ltd. with effect from March 2025 and May 2025, respectively.

                    Ms. Li Ying has been appointed as director of INTELLIBRIGHT INTERCONNECT LIMITED
                    with effect from September 2025.

                    Mr. Xie Junshi has been appointed as chairman of Shenzhen ZTE Technology & Service
                    Company Limited with effect from July 2025.

         3.1.6.4 Other information

               For brief biographies and other information of Directors and Supervisors of the Company
               leaving office during the Reporting Period, please refer to the 2024 Annual Report published by
               the Company on 6 March 2025. Save for the aforesaid disclosures and information disclosed in
               this chapter, no other information is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong
               Kong Listing Rules.




86
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                         III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


3.1.6.5 Bases for determination and actual payment of remuneration for Directors and senior
        management

     Allowances for Directors are based on recommendations made to the Board of Directors by the
     Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of the Board of Directors with reference to the duties
     of Directors at the Company and markets levels represented by other listed companies in the
     same industry and determined upon consideration and approval by the Board of Director and
     the general meeting.

     The remuneration for senior management is primarily linked to indicators such as the
     Company’s performance and strategies. The remuneration for senior management personnel is
     fixed on the basis of their annual performance appraisals conducted by the Remuneration and
     Evaluation Committee and determined upon consideration by the Board of Directors.

     For details of the remuneration of Directors and senior management, please refer to the section
     headed “3.1.6.6 Shareholdings and annual remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior
     management”. There were no deferred payment arrangements, nor claims in relation to
     terminated payments

3.1.6.6 Shareholdings and annual remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior
        management

                                                                                                                                                                                            Total amount
                                                                                                                                                                                                       of Whether
                                                                                                              Number of Number of Number of                                                 remuneration remuneration
                                                                                                             shares held    shares      shares Number of                                   received from or subsidy is
                                                                             Term of office                 at beginning  acquired disposed of shares held                                  the Company received from
                                                                 Status of   commencing Term of office of the year during the during the at end of                                                in 2025 connected
      Name                Gender   Age Title                     office      onNote 1       ending onNote 1      (shares)     year        year year (shares)      As a percentage of         (RMB10,000) partiesNote 2
                                                                                                                                                               Total share
                                                                                                                                                                    capital   A shares
      Directors
      Fang Rong           Female    61 Chair                     Incumbent   3/2025        3/2028                   —            —           —            —             —           —             322.8 Yes
      Xu Ziyang           Male      53 Director and President    Incumbent   3/2025        3/2028              168,000           —           —       168,000      0.0035%     0.0042%             738.0 No
      Yan Junwu           Male      57 Director                  Incumbent   3/2025        3/2028                   —            —           —            —             —           —              15.0 Yes
      Zhu Weimin          Male      59 Director                  Incumbent   3/2025        3/2028                   —            —           —            —             —           —              20.0 Yes
      Zhang Hong          Male      46 Director                  Incumbent   3/2025        3/2028                   —            —           —            —             —           —              20.0 Yes
      Zhuang Jiansheng    Male      60 Independent               Incumbent   3/2025        6/2026                   —            —           —            —             —           —              40.0 Yes
                                           Non-executive
                                           Director
      Wang Qinggang       Male      55 Independent               Incumbent 3/2025          3/2028                   —            —           —            —             —              —           40.0 Yes
                                           Non-executive
                                           Director
      Tsui Kei Pang       Male      65 Independent               Incumbent 3/2025          3/2028                   —            —           —            —             —              —           40.0 Yes
                                           Non-executive
                                           Director
      Li Miaona           Female    51 Employee Director         Incumbent 5/2025          3/2028                   —            —           —            —             —              —          172.3 No
      Li Zixue            Male      61 Chairman                  Retired   3/2022          3/2025                   —            —           —            —             —              —           46.9 No
      Gu Junying          Male      58 Director and Executive    Retired   3/2022          3/2025                   —            —           —            —             —              —          172.8 No
                                           Vice President
      Supervisors
      Xie Daxiong         Male      62 Chairman of Supervisory   Retired     3/2022        4/2025              209,403           —       69,403      140,000      0.0029%     0.0034%             121.8 No
                                          Committee
      Xia Xiaoyue       Female      50 Supervisor                Retired     3/2022        4/2025               50,927           —           —        50,927      0.0011%     0.0013%              66.9 No
      Li Miaona         Female      51 Supervisor                Retired     3/2022        4/2025                   —            —           —            —             —           —            Note 1 No
      Jiang Mihua       Female      48 Supervisor                Retired     3/2022        4/2025                   —            —           —            —             —           —                — Yes
      Hao Bo            Male        36 Supervisor                Retired     3/2022        4/2025                   —            —           —            —             —           —                — Yes
      Senior management
      Wang Xiyu         Male        51 Executive Vice President Incumbent    3/2025        3/2028              139,034           —           —       139,034      0.0029%     0.0034%             730.5 No
      Li Ying           Female      47 Executive Vice President Incumbent    3/2025        3/2028               95,500           —           —        95,500      0.0020%     0.0024%             667.8 No
                                           and Chief Financial
                                           Officer
      Xie Junshi          Male      50 Executive Vice President Incumbent    3/2025        3/2028              112,468           —           —       112,468      0.0024%     0.0028%             667.9 No
      Ding Jianzhong      Male      49 Secretary to the Board of Incumbent   3/2025        3/2028               33,160           —           —        33,160      0.0007%     0.0008%             291.3 No
                                           Directors
      Total                                                                                                    808,492           —       69,403      739,089      0.0155%     0.0183%            4,174.0




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  87
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


               Note 1:   The term of appointment of the incumbent Directors commences and ends concurrently with the term of
                         appointment of the Company’s Directors with the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors; the term of
                         appointment of the incumbent senior management commences and ends concurrently with the term of
                         appointment of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors. The terms of Mr. Li Zixue and Mr. Gu Junying,
                         commencing and ending concurrently with the term of appointment of the Ninth Session of the Board of
                         Directors, concluded on 28 March 2025. The term of appointment of the Supervisors commences and ends
                         concurrently with the term of appointment of the Ninth Session of the Supervisory Committee. For details, please
                         refer to the section headed “3.1.6.1 Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management” in this report.
                         The term of office of Ms. Li Miaona as Supervisor of the Company ended on 24 April 2025. Since 23 May 2025,
                         she has been acting as Employee Director of the Company. To avoid duplication, the total remuneration (before
                         tax) received by her from the Company for 2025 has been presented in the column under Employee Director.

               Note 2:   Connected parties as defined under the Shenzhen Listing Rules.

               Note 3:   All shareholdings in the Company held by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company were
                         A shares and no H shares were held by them. The Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
                         Company did not hold any equity interests in the subsidiaries of the Company.

               Note 4:   There was no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships among the Directors, Supervisors
                         and senior management of the Company.

               Note 5:   No Directors and senior management of the Company currently in office or those leaving office during the reporting
                         period were subject to punishment by the securities administration authorities in the last three years.


               Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
               executives of the Company had any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares
               and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
               of the SFO) that is required to be recorded in the register to be kept under Section 352 of the
               SFO, or otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the
               Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set
               out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

               Save as disclosed above, at any time during the year ended 31 December 2025 and as at 31
               December 2025, the Company has not entered into any arrangement that would enable the
               Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company or their spouses or children under
               the age of 18 to benefit from the holding of any right to subscribe for the equity or debt
               securities of the Company or its associated corporations, nor have any of them exercised any
               such right.

               The Directors and Supervisors of the Company confirmed that the Company has adopted the
               Model Code. Upon due enquiry with all Directors and Supervisors of the Company, the
               Company is not aware of any information that reasonably indicates non-compliance with code
               provisions set out in the Model Code by any Director or Supervisor in 2025.

         3.1.6.7 Company Secretary

               The Company Secretary of the Company is Mr. Ding Jianzhong, who is responsible for
               facilitating communications among Directors, shareholders and the management, as well as
               compliance with Board policies and procedures. In 2025, the Company Secretary received more
               than 15 hours of training to update his professional skills and expertise.




88
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                     III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


3.1.7 Staff of the Group

     3.1.7.1 Staff headcount and diversity

          As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 65,095 employees (including 55,879 as employees of
          the parent company). There were 15,486 female employees (including senior management)
          accounting for approximately 23.8% of the total staff headcount and 49,609 male employees
          (including senior management) accounting for approximately 76.2% of the total staff headcount.
          The Group had 285 retired employees in 2025, including 196 retired employees in respect of
          which expenses were payable by the Company. The Group’s staff breakdown by specialisation
          and academic qualification is set out as follows:

            Classification by specialisation                   Classification by academic qualification

                                                     As an                                              As an
                                               approximate                                        approximate
                                                percentage                                         percentage
                                                    of total                                           of total
             Type                  Headcount     headcount      Type                  Headcount     headcount
             R&D                      31,589         48.5%      Doctorate degree            549          0.8%
             Marketing and sales       7,633         11.7%      Master’s degree          26,876         41.3%
             Customer service          7,496         11.5%      Undergraduate            23,099         35.5%
             Manufacturing            13,098         20.1%      Others                   14,571         22.4%
             Financial                 1,211          1.9%      Total                    65,095          100%
             Administration            4,068          6.2%
             Total                    65,095          100%


          The Group’s recruitment strategy is underpinned by the appointment of the right staff for the
          right position, in order to achieve staff diversity for all employees (including the senior
          management) in terms of gender, age, cultural and educational background, expertise, skills and
          know-how. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 1 female member among the senior
          management, accounting for 20.0% of its senior management and 15,485 female staff
          (excluding senior management) accounting for approximately 23.8% of its total staff headcount
          (excluding senior management). Given the characteristics of the industry in which the Group
          operates, staff gender diversity has been attained. The Group is not aware of any mitigating
          factors or circumstances which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce (including
          senior management) more challenging or less relevant.

     3.1.7.2 Remuneration policy and regime and retirement benefits

          For 2025, the aggregate amount of the Group’s staff remuneration was approximately RMB28.2
          billion. The remuneration package for the Group’s employees includes salary, bonuses and
          allowances. Our employees are also entitled to accident insurance, business travel insurance,
          housing allowance, retirement and other benefits. In accordance with relevant regulations of
          countries where the employees are located, the Group also participates in social insurance
          plans organised by the relevant government authorities, under which the Group makes
          contributions towards each employee’s social insurance fund in an amount equivalent to a
          specified percentage of his/her monthly salaries. Meanwhile, to develop a long-term incentive
          and check mechanism, the Group has adopted share option incentive schemes and
          management stock ownership schemes in a timely manner to enhance motivation of the
          management and core personnel. Information on the five highest paid employees of the
          Company for 2025 is set out in Note XIV.3 “Five highest paid employees of the Group for the
          year” to the financial statements in this report. Details of the staff retirement benefits provided
          by the Group are set out in Note V.28. “Salary and welfare payables and provision for
          retirement benefits” to the financial statements in this report.




                                                                                                              89
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


          3.1.7.3 Training programme

                Staff training provided by the Group includes induction training, leadership training, job-specific
                business skill training and compliance training for all staff. Such training sessions are conducted
                in the forms of class lessons, public lectures, shared book studies, case discussions, themed
                seminars, sand table drilling, project assignments and online learning or remote learning via PC
                terminals or mobile phones. Training programmes will be arranged for new employees upon their
                induction according to their job positions, and instructors will be assigned to provide
                supervision. In-service staff may take part in group training, workshops or project assignment
                organised by the Group based on their job requirements, qualifications required for various
                positions and aptitude assessment results, or conduct online and offline self-learning based on
                their personal career planning. For management officers, the Group provides a variety of online
                and offline training comprising reading classes, close-ended training, guided reading and online
                learning.

     3.1.8 Share schemes

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any A Share-related share schemes (such as
          share option schemes) under implementation and did not implement any H Share-related share
          schemes. The subsidiaries of the Company did not operate any share schemes required to be
          disclosed under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     3.1.9 Auditor

          Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP (“Ernst & Young Hua Ming”) acted as the Company’s auditor. Ernst &
          Young Hua Ming has been appointed as the Company’s auditor for 21 consecutive years since 2005.

          The undersigning accountants of Ernst & Young Hua Ming are Ms. Liao Wenjia and Mr. He Suwei.
          Ms. Liao Wenjia has been providing audit services to the Company for six years and served as
          undersigning registered accountant for the Company from 2015 to 2019. She provided audit service
          to the Company again in 2025 and the year under review was her first year as undersigning
          registered accountant. Mr. He Suwei has been providing audit services to the Company for nine years
          and the year under review was his second year as undersigning registered accountant.

          Fees paid to Ernst & Young Hua Ming and Ernst & Young by the Group for 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                      Unit: RMB in ten thousands

           Item                                                            Amount      Auditor
           Audit fees 2025 for financial reports                              830.0    Ernst & Young Hua Ming
           Internal control audit fees 2025                                   126.0    Ernst & Young Hua Ming
           Audit fees 2025 for ZTE HK                                          60.8    Ernst & Young
           Audit fees 2025 for other subsidiaries of the Group                 94.8    Ernst & Young Hua Ming
           Non-audit services (review of 2025 interim financial               155.0    Ernst & Young/Ernst &
             report, tax consultation and tax return service)                            Young Hua Ming
           Total                                                            1,266.6    —




90
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                    III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


3.1.10 Responsibility for the preparation of accounts

     The Directors of the Company confirm that it is their responsibility to prepare the financial statements
     and to provide objective and clear assessments in the consolidated financial statements of the annual
     reports, interim reports and quarterly reports, other inside information announcements and other
     financial disclosures required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and to disclose information to
     regulatory authorities in accordance with statutory requirements. The Directors have consistently
     applied appropriate accounting policies and complied with all applicable accounting standards in
     preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Directors are of the
     view that it is appropriate for the Company to prepare its financial statements on a going concern
     basis.

     A statement of the Company’s auditor on its reporting responsibility and views on the financial
     statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the “AUDITORS
     REPORT” in this report.

3.1.11 Internal control and risk management

     The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for reviewing the Company’s internal control
     and risk management systems to ensure their effective implementation. The Board of Directors has
     delegated to the Audit Committee the responsibility for reviewing the effectiveness of the internal
     control and risk management systems of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Board of Directors
     shall ensure the adequacy of resources and budget for accounting, internal audit and financial
     reporting functions and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance and reporting, and
     that staff are qualified, experienced and well-trained for these purposes.

     The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company held four regular meetings to
     review and examine financial reports and ensure the effectiveness of procedures carried out for
     compliance with Hong Kong Listing Rules, consider whether the risk management and internal control
     systems of the Company and its subsidiaries had been operating effectively in 2025 and what further
     improvements could be made in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and reported their
     findings to the Board of Directors of the Company. Such reviews covered the financial, operational
     and compliance aspects.

     3.1.11.1 Establishment of internal control departments

           The Company has established an all-encompassing and multi-level internal control development
           regime comprising mainly the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, the Internal Control
           Committee and the three-tier internal control protection as the primary framework.

           The Company has formed the Internal Control Committee as a corporate-level internal control
           administration which exercises the functions of decision making, planning, supervision and
           instruction in respect of the Company’s internal control. The Company has developed and made
           ongoing improvements to the internal control and risk management systems featuring primarily
           a “three-tier protection” as follows: the first line of protection involves the business units as the
           main units responsible for implementation of internal control and risk management. The second
           line of protection formed by Company’s internal control team, internal control teams of second-
           level units and business management departments is responsible for formulating rules, building
           competence and supervising implementation in relation to risk management and internal control.
           The third line of protection is formed by departments responsible for internal control audit which
           are independent supervisory units overseeing the effectiveness of internal control and risk
           management with the responsibility for internal audit.




                                                                                                             91
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


         3.1.11.2 Establishment and implementation of internal control system

               The Company’s internal control establishment has covered production operations, financial
               management, organisation, personnel management, information disclosure and ESG. Taking into
               account its specific conditions, the Company has developed a comprehensive internal control
               system.

               The Company has formulated and implemented the ZTE Corporation Internal Control System to
               define the functional institutions of the Company’s internal control and their powers, stipulate
               principles for internal control and key internal control factors and methods. The Company has
               formulated and put into implementation the ZTE Corporate Risk Management Regulations to
               stipulate that risk management shall be conducted in compliance with the principle of
               “management in accordance with regulations, assessment in accordance standards, handling of
               situations in accordance with predetermined plans, addressing changes with warning and
               conducting review on risk incidents”. A three-tier risk management organisation and allocation of
               duties comprising the Company, the secondary units and primary units has been formed and
               risk rating has been implemented in seven dimensions including daily operation, laws and
               regulations, staff health and safety, company reputation, product competitiveness, market share
               and financial loss. A closed-loop management process comprising risk categorisation,
               identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting is executed. The Company has
               formulated and put into implementation the ZTE Administrative Procedures for Driving
               Rectifications of Internal Control Deficiencies to regulate the entire process covering the
               identification and assessment of deficiencies, control over rectification plans, tracking of
               rectification processes and audit of rectification results. Each year, the Company will review the
               effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems and the implementation
               processes and outcomes of the annual risk management and internal control action plans based
               on the ZTE Corporation Internal Control System and ZTE Risk Management Regulations with
               reference to the Internal Control Handbook. During the Reporting Period, there was no material
               change to the risk assessment (including ESG) and risk management and internal control
               system of the Company.

               The Company’s ESG management is incorporated in its overall risk management process. Each
               ESG business module is responsible for identifying ESG risks and opportunities in its particular
               business area and should track key ESG risk events through corporate culture development, key
               mission tracking and systematic closed-loop and formulate relevant control measures
               accordingly, organising full inspection on a regular basis to eliminate hazards and lower risks to
               be followed by ongoing supervision to improve and ensure the effectiveness of the Company’s
               ESG risk and internal control system. The Company formulates control targets, establishes key
               control points (KCP) and implements key control activities against identified ESG risks using a
               combination of qualitative and quantitative methods to ensure accurate implementation of risk
               management measures. For details, please refer to the “2025 Sustainability Report” published
               on the same date as this report.

               The Company has formulated and put into implementation the Administrative Rules for
               Information Disclosure to strengthen the duty of the Company’s internal institutions and staff for
               information disclosure and to ensure that the information disclosure of the Company is true,
               accurate, complete and timely. The Company has formulated and put into implementation the
               Regulations for the Administration of Inside Information and Owners of Inside Information to
               regulate administration of the Company’s inside information, procure confidentiality of the inside
               information and safeguard the principle of fairness in information disclosure. In 2025, the
               Company implemented the aforesaid systems in a meticulous manner and rigorously conducted
               work on inside information management.




92
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




         III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


The Company has formulated the “ZTE Whistleblowing Handling and Investigation Procedures”
to develop violations reporting channels for both internal and external parties that enable
Company staff, partners and other informed parties to report conduct that might compromise
the Company’s interest. The Company has also formulated a range of systems such as ZTE
Staff Code and Accountability Measures that prohibit corruption in any form. The internal audit
department of the Company reports relevant work to the Audit Committee and the Board on a
quarterly basis.

In 2025, the Company internal control efforts were focused on the following:

(1)   Improvements were made to the risk management-oriented internal control regime in a
      steady manner to enhance internal control responsibility and awareness on the part of staff
      and management officers, underpinned by ongoing organisation of activities to propagate
      the probity culture and foster an ambience of integrity and probity. Activities such as
      internal control education for all staff, seminars on internal control in business operations,
      sharing of outstanding internal control cases were organised on a continuous basis to
      consistently enhance our competence in internal control.

(2)   Total risk management continued to be implemented with the enhancement of risk
      management organisations at various levels, as ongoing improvements were being made
      to the process of risk identification, assessment and response, while active investigations
      were conducted on the integrated application of AI technologies in business risk control.
      Meanwhile we also enhanced effective prevention of risks associated with illicit
      malpractices to strengthen our line of defense against illicit malpractices.

(3)   Improvements were made to key business process controls, underpinned by ongoing efforts
      to drive the online operation and digitalisation of key business process controls to
      enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of management and control. Primary-level internal
      control was further deepened with the establishment of primary-level internal control at the
      Company’s overseas marketing offices, system product R&D centre and supply-chain
      manufacturing bases to take risk governance to a deeper level.

(4)   Deeper effort was made in business audit and self-inspection and self-rectification to
      encourage self-initiated identification and proactive disclosure of issues. Substantive
      inspection was conducted with a special emphasis on key control points to enhance the
      effectiveness of inspection across different business segments. Rectification of internal
      control deficiencies was advanced on an ongoing basis and reviews of corporate
      deficiencies were organised on a regular basis to enhance supervision over the quality of
      rectification.

(5)   Inspection of the Company’s derivative trading and securities investment, among others,
      was conducted and support was given to Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP for their audit of
      the Company’s internal control.

The internal control and risk management systems of the Company have been designed to
provide reasonable (but not absolute) assurance against material misstatements or losses and to
manage (but not eliminate) risks associated with the malfunctioning of operating systems or
failure to attain the Company’s objectives. The Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed
the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems of the Company and its
subsidiaries and is of the view that the internal control and risk management systems had been
appropriate and effective for the purposes stated in principle D2 under the Corporate
Governance Code throughout the financial year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                 93
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


          3.1.11.3 Management control over subsidiaries

                The Company has advanced legal compatibility governance at its subsidiaries in a systematic
                manner in accordance with the Company Law and other pertinent laws and regulations and
                relevant guidelines and requirements for the regulated operation of listed companies, in order to
                improve their corporate governance structure, enhance their internal control regimes, enable
                diligence of directors and supervisors, and enhance sophistication in corporate management and
                the ability to conduct regulated operations through business empowerment with the aid of
                digital platforms and AI tools. The reporting system and review procedures of subsidiaries for
                material matters have been implemented with a special emphasis on crucial matters such as
                their production operations and financial conditions. Information disclosure and risk reporting
                mechanisms have been rigorously implemented to prevent and alleviate in a timely manner
                operational risks and safeguard the legal and compliant operation of subsidiaries.

          3.1.11.4 The 2025 Internal Control Assessment Report

                The Company has conducted an assessment on the effectiveness of its internal control as at 31
                December 2025 (being the record date for the internal control assessment report) in accordance
                with the Basic Rules for Corporate Internal Control, its supplementary guidelines and other
                internal control regulatory requirements and taking into account its internal control system and
                assessment methods, based on general as well as specific supervision of internal control. Based
                on the work of identifying significant deficiencies in the Company’s internal control in relation to
                financial reporting and non-financial reporting, as at the record date for the internal control
                assessment report, the Company was not subject to any significant deficiency in internal control
                in relation to financial reporting, nor was any significant deficiency identified in internal control in
                relation to non-financial reporting.

                Total assets of units being assessed accounted for more than 95% of the total assets as
                recorded in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, while the aggregate
                operating revenue of such units also accounted for more than 95% of the total operating
                revenue recorded in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. For the principal
                units under assessment and standards for assessing deficiencies in financial reports and non-
                financial reports and other details of the Company’s internal control, please refer to the
                “Overseas Regulatory Announcement” published on the same date as this report. The Board,
                Audit Committee and the Directors and senior management of the Company have reviewed the
                report and warrant that the contents of this report are free from false information, misleading
                statements or material omissions, and collectively and individually accept legal responsibility for
                the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents of the report.

          3.1.11.5 Internal control audit report furnished by the auditor

                Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP conducted an audit on the effectiveness of internal control in
                relation to the financial reporting of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 in
                accordance with relevant requirements under the Corporate Internal Control Audit Guidelines
                and the Practicing Guidelines for Chinese Certified Public Accountants and is of the view that
                the Company had maintained effective internal control in financial reporting in all material
                aspects in accordance with the Basic Rules for Corporate Internal Control and pertinent
                provisions. For the internal control audit report of the Company, please refer to the “Overseas
                Regulatory Announcement” published by the Company on the same date as this report.

     3.1.12 Rectification of self-inspected issues under specific corporate governance initiatives for listed
            companies

          In 2025, the Company’s corporate governance was generally in compliance with requirements without
          any material issues requiring rectification.




94
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                          III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


      3.1.13 Implementation of action plan to achieve dual enhancement in profitability as well as quality

           In response to and implementation of the guiding principle of the Political Bureau of the Central
           Committee calling for effort to “invigorate the capital market and boost investors’ confidence” and
           that of the Executive Meetings of the State Council calling for “strong efforts to enhance the quality
           and investment value of listed companies and adopt more robust and efficient measures to stabilise
           the market and reassure confidence”, and with a view to protecting the interests of all shareholders
           and procuring the sound and sustainable long-term development, the Company has formulated an
           action plan for achieving dual enhancement in profitability as well as quality (the “Action Plan”), as
           detailed in the “Overseas Regulatory Announcements” published by the Company on 7 February 2024
           and 28 March 2025, respectively.

           In 2025, the Company vigorously implemented the Action Plan, as it persisted in R&D innovation to
           expedite development from “connectivity” towards “connectivity + computing” and strived to get back
           on track for revenue growth. Meanwhile, we conducted reviews of our corporate governance systems
           and regimes on a regular basis with ongoing standardisation, introduced amendments to our Articles
           of Association, Rules of Procedure for General Meetings of Shareholders and Rules of Procedure for
           Board Meetings. Our Independent Directors duly played their roles of “taking part in decision-making,
           providing supervision and checks and offering professional consultation”. We fulfilled our obligations
           in information disclosure in strict accordance with regulatory rules for listed companies and improved
           our open, fair, transparent and multi-dimensional channel for investor communication. In active
           response to policy requirements with a strong emphasis on its own investment value, the Company
           formulated the “Market Value Management System” in accordance with regulatory requirements,
           which was considered and approved at the Forty-first Meeting of the Ninth Session of the Board of
           Directors held on 28 February 2025 and has been implemented on an ongoing basis. The Company
           emphasised return for investors and rewarded its investors by way of cash dividend. Profit
           distribution of approximately RMB2.95 billion in aggregate (before tax), representing 35% of the
           Company’s net profit attributable to holders of ordinary shares of the listed company for 2024, was
           made according to the Company’s 2024 profit distribution plan considered and approved at the 2024
           Annual General Meeting. The Company’s dividend distribution was completed in April 2025. The
           progress and effectiveness of the Company’s Action Plan has been presented in this report.

      3.1.14 Compliance with the corporate governance code

           The Company was in compliance with other code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code set
           out in Appendix C1 of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.

3.2   ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

      Against the global backdrop of sustainability, the Company has consistently procured deep integration of
      the green development philosophy into its operating practices and deepened its carbon reduction
      initiatives, while building a “dual circulation” model for the circular economy underpinned by optimised use
      of resources to help facilitate global transition towards decarbonisation.

      3.2.1 Addressing climate change with full force

           In 2025, the Company continued to contribute to the building of the “Digital Shade Path” through
           four major aspects: green corporate operation, green supply-chain, green digital bases and green
           industry empowerment, as a range of green measures were implemented through concerted
           decarbonisation by internal and external parties as well as technological innovation and joint
           formulation of standards.

           In connection with green corporate operation, the Company has procured energy conservation
           through measures such as PV construction, technical energy conservation and managed power
           conservation in 2025. The Company has newly completed the construction of PV projects in Xi’an
           and Changsha. Through the construction of digital platforms such as “power visibility” and “carbon
           visibility”, the Company has facilitated effective monitoring of energy consumption and carbon
           emission.




                                                                                                               95
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


          In connection with green supply chain, in 2025, the energy consumption per unit output of the
          company’s five major manufacturing bases decreased by 22.1% year on year. Meanwhile, our bases
          in Xi’an and Changsha have obtained new accreditations as national-grade green factories. the
          Company has implemented carbon reduction in a planned and systematic manner by promoting
          digital and intelligent logistics while giving priority to low-carbon transportation means. The Company
          has actively empowered coordinated carbon reduction along the supply chain by driving completion
          of carbon stocktaking at 152 key suppliers and assisting 51 suppliers to formulate their own carbon
          reduction plans to effectively enhance decarbonisation of the supply chain as a whole.

          In connection with green digital base, the Company has provided green digital infrastructure for the
          industry with the application of proprietary low-power consumption chips, advanced cooling
          technology such as liquid cooling, optical overlay at stations and full-cycle carbon footprint
          management. The Company regards life-cycle assessment as a core instrument, as it manages the
          environmental impact of products for the full cycle from raw materials, production, transportation,
          consumption to retirement on a quantitative basis.

          In connection with green industry empowerment, the Company has provided digital transformation
          solutions for a multitude of industries using ICT technologies, providing assistance to their effort in
          energy conservation and carbon reduction as well as quality and efficiency enhancement. Through the
          implementation of smart applications in key sectors such as manufacturing, energy and
          transportation, we have helped customers to improve their operating efficiency and resource
          utilisation rate with the aid of digital means, giving rise to green leverage efficiency that significantly
          outweighs emissions by the ICT industry.

          For details of the climate risk and its potential financial impact to which the Company was subject,
          please refer to the section headed “Taking Comprehensive Action to Address Climate Change” in the
          “2025 Sustainability Report”.

     3.2.2 Solid advancement of the circular economy

          The Company has developed a “dual circulation” model in accordance with the concept of low-
          carbon circulation and sought to prolong the life cycle of its products, reduce discharge of pollutants
          and lower its waste incineration and landfilling rate in persistent adherence to the principles of
          quantity reduction, reusability, remaking and recycling in order to achieve the goals of low-carbon
          transformation and sustainability.

          In accordance with global laws and regulations pertaining to the circular economy and the
          requirements of stakeholders, the Company has identified and controlled risks and opportunities
          associated with circular economy on a regular basis. The Company has formulated the Measures for
          the Administration of Green Eco-friendly Products, which are subject to updates on a continuous
          basis. Our product design has been conducted in compliance with principles such as ease of
          assembly and disassembly of parts and components, practical products design, ease of recycling of
          materials, reusability of parts and components and prolonged useful life of products. Meanwhile, the
          Company has developed a sound and comprehensive internal and external dual circular system. In
          2025, we achieved an internal re-utilisation rate of 78.2% for the compliant recycling of returned
          system products. Externally, we completed recycled use of 1,866 tonnes of waster metal and 95
          tonnes of organic plastics in collaboration with 105 recycling service providers worldwide.

     3.2.3 Strengthening management over environmental impact

          The Company has strengthened its management over environmental impact on all fronts with the
          implementation digital control over the entire process from waste identification and disposal through
          revised procedures and an online system, which have effectively enhanced management transparency
          and traceability. In connection with the management of water resources, the Company has reduced
          the consumption of water resources by conducting technical upgrades conducive to water
          conservation and cooling water recycling projects, whilst organising educational promotion of water
          conservation among all staff through a variety of channels. In connection with the discharge or
          emission of pollutants, the Company has implemented stringent controls and third-party surveillance
          in respect of sewage, exhaust and waste to ensure compliance with national emission standards in
          terms of disposal methods and various indicators.



96
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                         III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


      3.2.4 Disclosure of Environment Information

           One subsidiary of the Group was included in the list of enterprises required to disclose environmental
           information under the law, the details of which are set out as follows:

                                         Enquiry index for environmental information reports published
            Company name                 in accordance with the law
            ZTE (Nanjing) Company        System for disclosure of corporate environmental information in
              Limited                      accordance with the law (Jiangsu)
                                         http://ywxt.sthjt.jiangsu.gov.cn:18181/spsarchive-webapp/web/
                                           viewRunner.html?viewId=http://ywxt.sthjt.jiangsu.gov.cn:18181/
                                           spsarchive-webapp/web/sps/views/yfpl/views/yfplHomeNew/index.js

3.3   SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

      3.3.1 Path-building for digital economy empowered by innovation

           In persistent adherence to the principle of upholding proper practices whilst pursuing innovation, the
           Company seeks qualitative development driven by technological innovation. In 2025, the Company
           reported remarkable achievements in sophisticated technological innovation, deep AI empowerment
           for R&D and office operation, industry-academia-research collaboration and protection of intellectual
           properties, driving technological innovation and commercialisation to render robust support for its
           development and for delivering value for customers.

           The Company upholds the basic principles in the ethics of technology. To promote responsible
           innovation and technology for good causes and facilitate standardised management of the ethics of
           technology, the Company has established an Ethics of Technology Committee to instruct and
           supervise ethical vetting and assessment of technological activities. In 2025, the Ethics of Technology
           Committee added a member responsible for data compliance vetting, updated and implemented rules
           and regulations relating to AI management and completed ethical vetting of numerous projects to
           enhance standardised governance over the full life cycle of artificial intelligence. Through the
           organisation of specific training, the Company has promoted principles and requirements under the
           ethics of technology among key employee groups to ensure that the concept of “responsible
           innovation” has been integrated into business practices.

      3.3.2 Winning customers’ trust with openness and transparency

           In line with its vision of “safety in DNA and trust through transparency”, the Company is committed
           to the provision of safe and trustworthy products and services to customers in compliance with laws
           and regulations as well as industry standards. The Company has systematically developed a product
           safety assurance regime with ongoing improvements based on three dimensional aspects:
           organisation, process and technology. In 2025, the Company was focused on full-scale updates and
           enhancement of relevant governance regulations and technical standards. Through multi-dimensional
           and systematic updates and developments, the Company has further strengthened the foundation for
           product safety throughout the entire life cycle.

           In an effort to advance efficient quality management and governance, the Company has established a
           comprehensive online system for quality risk management and corporate-level quality audit through
           the dual driver of digitalisation and process optimisation, improving efficiency by more than 15% with
           the aid of AI tools. Comprehensive upgrades have been introduced to the preventive system for
           safeguarding quality to facilitate effective warning and blocking of quality issues arising in processes
           through a four-step closed-loop mechanism, thereby ensuring quality enhancement at the
           organisation, product and project levels.




                                                                                                                97
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


          Guided by the principle of “excellence in service”, the Company facilitates effective response to the
          demands of its global customers through its comprehensive global three-tier customer support
          network, a large-scale maintenance and spare-part regime and a professional servicing team
          comprising more than 10,000 members, having delivered more than 230,000 service projects. In
          ongoing improvement of its service quality, the Company has launched a variety of services and
          optimised the mechanism for customer feedback and complaints. Meanwhile, we promote
          intelligentisation of services through our proprietary digital and intelligent iEPMS delivery platform and
          the intelligent customer service system, which have provided services to over 160,000 recipients in
          effective improvement of our service efficiency and customer experience.

     3.3.3 Concerted growth with our partners through win-win cooperation

          The Company has consistently adhered to the values of “sustainability, open cooperation and mutual
          benefit” as principles governing practices in the business ecosphere, seeking to deliver values for the
          industry in association with its partners.

          In 2025, the Company conducted in-depth practices based on the integration of the digitalisation
          experience and advantage afforded by industry chain coordination in deepened implementation of its
          SPIRE2.0 supply chain strategy to fortify the core competitiveness of its supply chain and establish a
          secure and efficient anti-fragility supply chain regime. We have cultivated the supply chain’s ability to
          evolve and created supply chain AI agents with the aid of AI technologies. The congregated force of
          the supply chain has been drawn together in the building of a closely coordinated, collaborative and
          mutually beneficial industry chain.

          The Company has fully incorporated ESG requirements into the management of the full cycle of
          suppliers’ operations. Through lucid standards, systematic assessment and ongoing empowerment,
          we have selected and groomed premium partners to drive concerted evolution and qualitative
          development of the industry chain in a joint effort. In 2025, the Company conducted on-site ESG
          examination in respect of 270 core suppliers, the results of which were incorporated in the supplier’s
          performance appraisal system. Through the organisation of more than 450 sessions of training on
          special topics and specific skills, the ESG standards of our suppliers have been enhanced in a
          systematic manner.

     3.3.4 Supporting staff progress with a people-oriented approach

          The Company regards talents as its most valuable asset and recognises staff as one of the three
          major cornerstones in the ZTE strategy. The Company is committed to enhancing the sense of
          security, belonging, self-worth, fulfillment and honour on the part of its staff.

          In 2025, the Company continued to promote diversity and equality in recruitment, as it ensured the
          fairness of interviews by optimising the recruitment process and resorting to the digital platform, while
          supporting employment of disabled persons in various locations worldwide. Improvements have been
          introduced to the performance, remuneration and benefits regime and measures have been adopted
          in response to practical needs of employees such as child care. A career development regime
          characterised by multiple pathways has been set up to provide employees with a clear pathway for
          growth, while assuring an unobstructed and efficient channel for communication with the aid of the
          trade union and the “ZTE Housekeeping” platform for greater staff satisfaction and organisational
          transparency.

          The Company has developed a regime for the full-cycle and multi-level training of talents
          underpinned by an optimised pathway for the grooming of new recruits. Special programmes such as
          the “Blue Sword Scheme” and the “Young Leaders’ Scheme”, among others, have been launched to
          expedite the growth of key personnel. Leadership skills training for thousands of management
          personnel has been organised at different levels in an ongoing effort to train talents overseas and at
          home for the marketing, R&D and supply chain functions. Upgrades in academic qualifications,
          cross-cultural training and support for industry accreditations have been rolled out simultaneously to
          enhance the efficiency of organisational learning and staff experience in personal development.




98
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                    III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


     The Company has fostered a health and safety culture under the premises of “love and
     responsibility”, while completing the review process for ISO 45001 health and safety management
     system accreditation. We have organised activities to foster the safety culture and provide training for
     relevant skills. Through the application of AI and digitalised functions, efficiency of hazard detection
     and emergency response has been improved at 18 projects. We have also made intensive efforts to
     ensure the emotional well-being of our staff, as our EAP consultation service for the year has been
     given a 4.85 satisfaction score out of 5 in testimony to our comprehensive effort to fortify the line of
     defense for occupational health and safety.

3.3.5 Undertaking responsibilities to make contributions to the global community

     In 2025, ZTE Charity Foundation launched services relating to education assistance, medical relief,
     low-carbon environmental protection and rural revitalisation in line with its vision of “Reaching out
     with goodwill to every corner” to fulfill the role of a channel for community welfare and drive
     sustainable development of the society.

     In connection with the support of education, ZTE Charity Foundation continued to adopt an
     education assistance system characterised by “financial aid + companionship for formative age +
     aptitude development” underpinned by the operation of two major programmes: “ZTE Education
     Assistance for China” and “ZTE Angel Education Assistance Programme”. In 2025, financial
     assistance was provided to 1,779 underprivileged high-school students and 60 university freshmen
     with special difficulties in regions such as Gansu, Qinghai, Hunan, Shaanxi and Anhui. We also
     reached out directly to 10,225 high-school students through 97 themed activity sessions covering
     topics such as communication technology, psychological health, aeronautical knowledge, layman legal
     knowledge, technology for beginners through “AI course empowerment” and student seminars. In the
     meantime, we continued to offer support for teenage growth through the delivery of more than 1,000
     handwritten letters and the introduction of a new “Q&A for the Young” counselling column

     In connection with support for medical relief, we continued to enhance the aid and relief system
     represented by “medical aid + counselling and companionship + policy advocate” in 2025, as we
     advanced the implementation of programmes such as the Bright Babies ROP (retinopathy of
     prematurity) relief project, aid for refractory nephrotic syndrome, aid for immuno-deficiency and the
     Vcare facility to offer medical support to distressed pediatric patients throughout all stages, in a bid
     to contribute to healthcare in China with the power of community charity efforts. Meanwhile, the
     “Multicentric Research on ROP in Low-temperature Regions” was launched with the aim of forming a
     qualitative expert consensus through clinical research to fill the void in research on ROP in low-
     temperature regions in China.

     In connection with support for low-carbon environmental initiatives, ZTE Charity Foundation
     reported improvements in terms of both green public welfare development and staff participation. Our
     volunteers’ team participated in the forestation initiatives at the forest sites in Xiaobazixiang, Fengning
     in Hebei and Baihuahe, Yichun in Heilongjiang, having planted a total of 196,329 treelings of Korean
     Pine, Korean spruce and Mongolica Scotch Pine to create approximately 2,531.71 mu of green land
     as at the end of 2025 in an effort to drive structural and functional enhancement of the ecosystem.
     Meanwhile, a survey and investigation exercise on beast and avian diversity was launched in
     partnership with College of Wildlife Resources of Northeast Forestry University to provide support in
     terms of scientific data for the multi-functional sustainable maintenance of forests.




                                                                                                             99
ZTE CORPORATION




III. Corporate Governance, Environmental Performance and Social Responsibility


          In connection with rural revitalisation, we continued to act in response to the actual needs of rural
          areas, as 30 rural revitalisation projects were implemented in a various regions including Tianlin
          County in Guangxi, Muli County in Sichuan, Huanan County and Tangyuan County in Heilongjiang and
          Maqin County in Qinghai. Meanwhile we hosted for the first time a special activity in the Greater Bay
          Area under the “Rural Revitalisation and Innovation Forum” with a special focus on the two critical
          areas of “assistance through technology” and “assistance in consumer spending”. Innovative
          pathways for rural revitalisation were explored through the presentation of typical cases in assistance
          (covering directions for implementation such as smart agriculture, digital infrastructure and
          manufacturing-marketing matching) to contribute to the driving force for rural development.

          In connection with staff voluntary services, we had 20,691 staff volunteers as at the end of
          December 2025. Through themed activities such as “Charity Run”, “Protecting the Mountain
          Flowers”, “Do Something for My Homeland”, “International Blood Donation Day” and “Community
          Welfare Culture Week”, social needs were met with precision in a positive interaction between
          corporate resources for charitable causes and community needs.

          In 2026, ZTE’s community welfare initiatives will be focused on three aspects: first of all, we will
          continue to help the nation to consolidate its achievements in poverty alleviation and assisted in rural
          revitalisation. Secondly, we will continue to share warmth and compassion with the community with
          reference to education assistance, medical aid, relief for the underprivileged and the fostering of a
          community welfare culture. Thirdly, we will support welfare projects such as education development,
          community services, disaster relief and local business development in response to the legal
          requirements and social needs of overseas countries in which we operate in ongoing fulfillment of our
          corporate social responsibility.




100
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                       IV. Material Matters
The Group’s material matters during 2025 included litigation and arbitration, connected transactions, third-party
guarantees and performance of undertakings, the details of which are set out as follows:

4.1   MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

      In 2025, the Group did not incur any material litigation or arbitration as defined under the Shenzhen Listing
      Rules and Hong Kong Listing Rules. For the benefit of sufficiency in information disclosure, the Group’s
      important litigation and arbitration proceedings are set out as follows:

      On 7 July 2025, Hengyang Jinliuyuan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Jinliuyuan”) filed a lawsuit with
      Zhengxiang District People’s Court, Hengyang (the “Court”) in relation to a contract for cooperation in real
      estate development. Hunan ZICT Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hunan ZICT”), a subsidiary of the Company, was
      named as defendant and Hengyang ICT Real-Estate Co., Ltd., Hunan Southern China Manufacturing Group
      Co., Ltd. and Hengyang Jinyu Real Estate Co., Ltd. were named as third parties. Jinliuyuan petitioned that
      the “Agreement for Cooperation in Project Development” and “Supplemental Agreement” previously entered
      into be ruled to be rescinded and that Hunan ZICT be ruled to make a repayment to Jinliuyuan of cash
      cooperation funds, funds invested in infrastructure construction and losses and projected interest loss,
      among others, amounting to approximately RMB300 million in aggregate. On 11 July, the Court ruled that
      properties under the name of Hunan ZICT shall be frozen and seized up to a limit of RMB200 million. On
      15 July, Hunan ZICT was served with documents including a civil complaint, a summons and a notice of
      action.

      In October 2025, Jinliuyuan amended its petition to the Court to demand for the payment by Hunan ZICT
      of depreciation loss on pledged housing properties in relation to the case amounting to RMB54,190,000. In
      November 2025, Hunan ZICT submitted a counter-petition to the Court for the court to rule in favour of a
      payment for contract default amounting to RMB30 million by Jinliuyuan to Hunan ZICT and confirm the
      preferential rights to compensation of Hunan ZICT over amounts derived from the auction, sale and
      discounting of the pledged housing properties.

      In December 2025, the case was heard at the court and the claimant and defendant each stated their claim
      and defense. After court, Jinliuyuan and Hunan ZICT each submitted an application to the court for the
      authentication of pricing for the completed work involved in the case. As the application for authentication
      by Jinliuyuan duplicated that by Hunan ZICT, Hunan ZICT withdrew its application.

      Based on the legal opinion furnished by the lawyers appointed by the Company, the aforesaid case will not
      have any material adverse impact on the financial conditions and operating results of the Group for the
      current period.

4.2   MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      4.2.1 Material connected transactions of the Group as defined under Shenzhen Listing Rules

           In 2025, the Group did not enter into any material connected transactions with a single connected
           party with an aggregate transaction amount of over RMB30 million and representing more than 5% of
           the Company’s net assets as at 31 December 2025. In 2025, the Group had no significant connected
           transactions arising from acquisitions or disposals of assets or equity interests; nor connected
           transactions involving joint investment in third parties; nor creditors or debtors with connected parties;
           nor any connected financial companies, nor deposits, lending, credit facilities or other financial
           transactions between the financial company controlled by the Company and connected parties.




                                                                                                                 101
ZTE CORPORATION




IV. Material Matters


                  Details of the Group’s connected transactions with connected parties in the ordinary course of
                  business in 2025 as considered and approved by the Board are set out as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                     RMB in ten thousands

                                                                                                                                                               Transaction                        As a
                                                                                                                                                            limit for 2025   Transaction percentage of
                                                                                                                                                              approved by     amount in         similar
Counterparty               Nature of connection        Subject matter                      Price                                                                 the Board         2025 transactions
Zhongxingxin and its        Controlling shareholder of Purchase of raw materials from   Cabinet: RMB1–50,000 per unit; accessories of cabinet:                     40,000       24,849.3         0.28%
  subsidiaries and            the Company and its         the connected party              RMB1–10,000 per unit; antenna rod: RMB200–2,000
  companies in which it       subsidiaries and                                             per unit; metal alloy stamp and mould: RMB0.5–30,000
  holds equity interests of   companies in which it                                        per set; solar spare parts: RMB10–120,000 per set;
  30% or above                holds equity interests of                                    flexible printed circuit (FPC), rigid-flexible printed circuit
                              30% or above                                                 (R-FPC) and components: RMB0.5–100 per piece;
                                                                                           LiFePO4 battery: RMB8,500 per unit; battery
                                                                                           accessories: RMB500–1,000 per unit; wiring
                                                                                           equipment: RMB50–400 per unit; optical patch cord:
                                                                                           RMB0–3,000 per unit; optical cable components:
                                                                                           RMB0–500 per piece; laser component flange and
                                                                                           opto-isolator: RMB0.2–4,000 per piece; robot:
                                                                                           RMB10,000–300,000 per set; industrial camera:
                                                                                           RMB5,000–200,000 per unit; industrial light source:
                                                                                           RMB1,000–100,000 per set; graphic processing
                                                                                           controller: RMB5,000–150,000 per set; industrial light
                                                                                           source controller: RMB500–50,000 per set; visual
                                                                                           processing system: RMB2,000–600,000 per set; motion
                                                                                           control system: RMB2,000–200,000 per set; industrial
                                                                                           thermometer system: RMB10,000–200,000 per set; data
                                                                                           collection system: RMB50,000–5,000,000 per set; smart
                                                                                           patrolling and inspection system: RMB50,000–
                                                                                           1,000,000 per set; smart plant construction
                                                                                           sub-system: RMB100,000–1,000,000 per set; edge
                                                                                           controller: RMB2,000–50,000 per set; and smart quality
                                                                                           management cloud platform: RMB100,000–1,000,000
                                                                                           per set.
Huatong Technology         Subsidiary of company for   Purchase of personnel hiring     Special-grade engineer ranging from RMB693–1,350 per                        8,500        8,391.2        16.43%
  Company Limited            which a connected            and project outsourcing          head/day; Supervisory engineer ranging from
  (“Huatong”)                natural person of the        services by the Company          RMB560–1,029 per head/day; Senior engineer ranging
                             Company acted as             from the connected party         from RMB397–867 per head/day; Common engineer
                             director                                                      ranging from RMB350–633 per head/day; Technician
                                                                                           ranging from RMB292–475 per head/day.
Nanchang Zhongzhan         Subsidiary of company for   Purchase of personnel hiring     Special-grade engineer ranging from RMB693–1,350 per                        9,700        9,152.4        17.92%
  Digital and Smart          which a connected            and project outsourcing          head/day; Supervisory engineer ranging from
  Technology Company         natural person of the        services by the Company          RMB560–1,029 per head/day; Senior engineer ranging
  Limited (“Zhongzhan        Company acted as             from the connected party         from RMB397–867 per head/day; Common engineer
  Digital”)                  director                                                      ranging from RMB350–633 per head/day; Technician
                                                                                           ranging from RMB292–475 per head/day.
Shenzhen Shuzhigang        Subsidiary of company for   Purchase of parts and            Prices of raw materials were based on market prices                       100,000       55,770.3         0.62%
  Technology Industry Co.,   which a connected            components by Shuzhigang         taking into account factors such as conditions of the
  Ltd. (“Shuzhigang”)        natural person of the        on behalf of the Company         projects, size of transaction and product costs. The
                             Company acted as                                              rate of agency fees charged by the connected parties
                             director                                                      was mainly subject to factors such as payment
                                                                                           methods, type of orders and operating modes, which
                                                                                           would not exceed the rates charged by third-party
                                                                                           agents of a similar type.
航天歐華信息技術有限公司 Subsidiary of company for                 Sale of full range of government Based on market prices and not lower than prices at                       120,000       69,722.0         1.87%
 （「航天歐華」）      which a connected                          and enterprise products by       which similar products of similar quantities were
               natural person of the                      the Company to the               purchased by third parties from the Group, taking into
               Company had acted as                       connected party                  consideration factors relating to the specific
               senior management                                                           transactions such as conditions of the projects, size of
               during the past 12                                                          transaction and product costs.
               months


                  The aforesaid connected parties were able to manufacture products required by the Group on a
                  continuous basis and provide quality products and services at competitive prices. The Company
                  considers trustworthy and cooperative partners as very important and beneficial to the Group’s
                  operations. The Group was not dependent on the connected parties and the connected transactions
                  would not affect the independence of the Group.




102
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   IV. Material Matters


     Connected parties from which the Company made purchases were selected through the Company’s
     accreditation and bidding procedures. Prices at which the purchase orders were entered into by the
     two parties were determined through arm’s length negotiations and on the basis of normal
     commercial terms. Transaction prices at which raw materials were purchased on behalf of the Group
     by connected parties were based on market prices taking into account factors such as conditions of
     the projects, size of transaction and product costs, among others. The rate of agency fees charged
     by the connected parties was mainly subject to factors such as payment methods, type of orders and
     operating modes, among others, which would not exceed the rates charged by third-party agents of
     a similar type. Transaction prices at which products were sold by the Group to connected parties
     were based on market prices and were not lower than prices at which similar products of similar
     quantities were purchased by third parties from the Group, taking into consideration of factors
     relating to the specific transactions such as conditions of the projects, size of transaction and
     product costs.

4.2.2 Connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules

     In accordance with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the following connected
     transactions are required to be disclosed in this report. The Company hereby confirms that the
     disclosures requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules have been complied
     with.

    4.2.2.1 Continuing connected transactions for the purchase of raw materials from Zhongxingxin

          As considered and approved at the Thirty-ninth Meeting of the Ninth Session of the Board of
          Directors of the Company, the Group entered into the Purchase Framework Agreement with
          Zhongxingxin on 26 December 2024. The statutory procedures of reporting and announcement
          have been fulfilled in accordance with relevant clauses under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
          Listing Rules based on the estimated cap for 2025 of connected transactions under the said
          agreement. For details, please refer to the “CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
          PURCHASES OF RAW MATERIALS FROM ZHONGXINGXIN” published by the Company on the
          Hong Kong Stock Exchange website and the Company’s website on 26 December 2024.

          (1)   Counterparty and connected relationship

                As the controlling shareholder of the Company, Zhongxingxin is a connected person of the
                Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The subsidiaries and investees companies
                of Zhongxingxin (namely, companies in which Zhongxingxin holds, directly or indirectly,
                30% of shareholdings or above), are connected persons of the Company under the Hong
                Kong Listing Rules.

          (2)   Purpose of transaction

                Zhongxingxin and its subsidiaries and companies in which it directly or indirectly holds
                30% equity interests or above (collectively “Zhongxingxin Group”) had been selected as
                long-term suppliers through the Group’s qualification and bidding procedures as they had
                consistently been able to manufacture products in compliance with the Group’s demands
                and supply premium products and services at competitive prices. The Group believes it is
                very important and beneficial to have reliable and cooperative suppliers. The purchase of
                raw materials required for the Group’s products from Zhongxingxin Group allows the
                Group to ensure the quality and timely delivery of such parts.




                                                                                                     103
ZTE CORPORATION




IV. Material Matters


               (3)     Nature of transaction

                       Purchases of raw materials by the Group from Zhongxingxin Group, primarily comprising
                       cabinet and accessories, antenna rod, metal alloy stamp and mould, solar power spare
                       parts, flexible printed circuit (FPC), rigid-flexible printed circuit (R-FPC) and components,
                       LiFePO4 battery, battery accessories, wiring equipment, optical patch cord, optical cable
                       components, laser component flange, optical coupler, robot, industrial camera, industrial
                       light source, graphic processing controller, industrial light source controller, visual
                       processing system, motion control system, industrial thermometer system, data collection
                       system, smart patrolling and inspection system, smart plant construction sub-system, edge
                       controller and smart quality management cloud platform, among others.

               (4)     Pricing policy and other terms

                       Before becoming an approved supplier of the Group, Zhongxingxin Group must pass the
                       Group’s internally formulated qualification procedures in relation to credential, competence,
                       product quality and price. Zhongxingxin Group were selected through the Group’s
                       qualification and bidding procedures as described above.

                       In general, the Group invites at least more than three qualified suppliers to submit a one-
                       off tender for the supply of each type of raw materials prior to procurement each year
                       based on its estimated annual requirements. The Procurement Department and Tender
                       Department of the Group jointly rate the qualified suppliers in terms of the prices and
                       quality of their products, service quality and credentials. Qualified suppliers are selected
                       for tenders in order of their ratings. Based on the volume of the Group’s requirement for
                       such raw materials, it may select one or more qualified suppliers. The price offered to the
                       Group by a qualified supplier who have won the tender will not be higher than those who
                       have not. The type, estimated volume and price for the purchase of raw materials from the
                       selected qualified supplier for the coming year are determined during the stage of
                       tendering. Purchase orders are issued to the selected qualified suppliers based on the
                       actual volume and timing as required in day-to-day business. The qualified suppliers
                       provide raw materials to the Group according to the tender and the actual volume of
                       purchase will generally not exceed the estimated volume determined at the award of the
                       tender. In the event of the actual purchase volume exceeding the estimated volume, the
                       Group will arrange another tender in respect of the excessive requirements according to
                       the aforesaid tender procedure. The Group performs the same tender procedure for
                       connected suppliers and independent third parties. No special concessions are given to
                       connected parties.

                       Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Zhongxingxin Purchase Framework Agreement
                       and bidding results, the Group will enter into individual agreements with Zhongxingxin
                       Group by way of the issuance of purchase orders, specifying product types, agreed
                       quantities and prices, delivery schedules, locations and modes, payment methods,
                       packaging, acceptance, liabilities for breach of contract, quality specifications and after-
                       sale service terms. The prices shall be determined in accordance with the pricing policy
                       stipulated under the Zhongxingxin Purchase Framework Agreement.

                       The Directors have confirmed that the accreditation and tender procedures and pricing
                       policy under the Zhongxingxin Purchase Framework Agreement, together with the internal
                       procedures of the Group, can effectively ensure that the prices at which the Group
                       conducts purchases from Zhongxingxin Group are being arrived at through arm’s length
                       negotiations and based on normal commercial terms without compromising the interests of
                       the Company and its shareholders as a whole.




104
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                           IV. Material Matters


(5)   Total price of transaction and actual total transaction amount in 2025

      The Zhongxingxin Purchase Framework Agreement in respect of the purchase of raw
      materials by the Group from Zhongxingxin Group was effective from 1 January 2025 to 31
      December 2025 and the amount of purchase for 2025 was capped at RMB400 million
      (excluding VAT).

      The total transaction amount for the Group’s purchase of raw materials from Zhongxingxin
      Group for 2025 was approximately RMB248 million.

(6)   Endorsement of the continuing connected transactions

      The Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed each of the
      aforesaid continuing connected transactions of the Group and confirmed that:

      •    the transactions were conducted in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
           Company;

      •    the transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better;

      •    the transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of the agreements
           governing them and the terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable and in the
           interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole; and

      •    the Company has established adequate and efficient internal control procedures in
           relation to the aforesaid connected transactions.

      The auditor of the Company has examined the aforesaid continuing connected
      transactions and confirmed that:

      •    no matters had come to the attention of the auditor causing the auditor to believe
           that the disclosed continuing connected transactions had not been approved by the
           Board of Directors of the Company;

      •    no matters had come to the attention of the auditors causing the auditor to believe
           that such continuing connected transactions had not been conducted in accordance
           with the pricing policies of the Group in all material aspects (where goods or
           services are being supplied or rendered by the Company);

      •    no matters had come to the attention of the auditor causing the auditor to believe
           that such continuing connected transactions had not been conducted in accordance
           with the terms of the agreements governing them in all material aspects; and

      •    no matters had come to the attention of the auditor causing the auditor to believe
           that such continuing connected transactions had exceeded the relevant annual caps
           as disclosed by announcements.

      The Board of Directors of the Company has confirmed that:

      The auditor has furnished a confirmation in respect of the transactions in relation to
      matters described under Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules

4.2.2.2 Other connected transactions

      Transactions relating to the payment of remuneration by the Company to its key
      management employees, including remuneration for the directors, supervisors and chief
      executives of the Company and its subsidiaries, fall within the scope of connected
      transaction defined under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and are exempted
      from compliance with provisions relating to connected transactions under Rule 14A.95.




                                                                                             105
ZTE CORPORATION




IV. Material Matters


                       The following transactions between the Group and its connected parties conducted in
                       2025 were exempted from compliance with provisions relating to connected transactions
                       pursuant to Rule 14A.76:

                                                                                                       Unit: RMB in ten thousands

                        Counterparty                       Connected relationship           Nature of transaction              Amount
                        Zhongxingxin                       Controlling shareholder of       Lease of properties from            1,248.3
                                                             the Company                      connected parties
                        Zhongxingxin                       Controlling shareholder of       Sales of products to                     1.0
                                                             the Company                      connected parties
                        Shenzhen Zhongxing New             Subsidiary of Zhongxingxin       Lease of properties to                316.1
                          Cloud Service Company                                               connected parties
                          Limited
                        Shenzhen Zhongxing New             Subsidiary of Zhongxingxin       Sales of goods to                      26.6
                          Cloud Service Company                                               connected parties
                          Limited
                        Shenzhen Zhongxing New             Subsidiary of Zhongxingxin       Purchase of services from                1.1
                          Cloud Service Company                                               connected parties
                          Limited
                        Sindi Technologies Co., Ltd.       Subsidiary of Zhongxingxin       Sales of goods to                        0.5
                                                                                              connected parties
                        Pylon Technologies Co., Ltd. Subsidiary of Zhongxingxin             Sales of services to                  377.4
                                                                                              connected parties
                        Shenzhen ZTE International         35% shares held by               Lease of properties to                 13.7
                           Investment Company                Director of the Company          connected parties
                           Limited
                        Tianjin ZTE International          Subsidiary of Shenzhen ZTE Lease of properties from                    471.6
                           Investment Company                International Investment   connected parties
                           Limited                           Company Limited
                        Sanya Zhongxing Land               Subsidiary of Shenzhen ZTE Sales of assets to                        9,000.0
                           Development Co., Ltd.             International Investment   connected parties
                                                             CompanyNote
                        LONGi Green Energy                 Controlled by relative of  Sales of goods to                            12.2
                          Technology Co., Ltd.               Director of the Company    connected parties

                       Note:   Due to the disposal of equity interest, Sanya Zhongxing Land Development Co., Ltd. is no longer a subsidiary
                               of Shenzhen ZTE International Investment Company Limited.


                       Save as disclosed in the above, the Group did not enter into any contracts with
                       Zhongxingxin or its subsidiaries. The connected transactions disclosed above did not
                       constitute material contracts.

                       Details of the Group’s connected transactions during the Reporting Period are set out in
                       “Note XI.5 Transactions with related parties to the Financial Report”. Save as the
                       continuing connected transactions and connected transactions disclosed in the above,
                       other connected transactions set out in “Note XI.5 Transactions with related parties to the
                       Financial Report” did not constitute connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A
                       of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company has published relevant disclosures in
                       compliance with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules in respect of the aforesaid
                       connected transactions. The Company further confirms that its connected transactions or
                       continuing connected transactions were in compliance with the disclosure requirements
                       under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




106
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                                                                          IV. Material Matters


4.3     MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE

        In 2025, the Group did not have any trust, contract management or lease of a material nature, entrusted
        loans, loans to third parties or financial assistance or guarantee for associates or joint ventures. Third-party
        guarantees provided by the Group in 2025 are as follows:

        (1)         Overview of guarantee for third parties

                    As at 31 December 2025, the balance of the Group’s third-party guarantee amounted to
                    approximately RMB2,694,432,300, accounting for 3.57% of net assets attributable to holders of
                    ordinary shares of the listed company as at 31 December 2025. Guarantee provided for parties with
                    a gearing ratio of over 70% amounted to RMB592,340,000. There was no guarantee for connected
                    third parties nor guarantee in violation of regulations. An overview of the third-party guarantees is set
                    out as follows:

                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in ten thousands

                                                                                                                                                                         Balance of
                                                                                     Guarantee                 Guarantee                    Guarantee                         actual
                                                                                      approved                   incurred                    approved                     guarantee
                                                                                     during the                during the                  at the end                    at the end
                                                                                           year                      year                  of the year                   of the year
                     Provided to third parties outside
                       the Group                                  —                                                            —                             —                              —
                     Provided by the Company on
                       behalf of subsidiaries           2,027,245.00                                           210,209.23                2,429,999.84                      255,233.57
                     Provided by subsidiaries on behalf
                       of fellow subsidiaries              87,381.25                                             14,209.66                     87,381.25                     14,209.66
                     Total                                                         2,114,626.25                224,418.89                2,517,381.09                      269,443.23

        (2)         Details of third-party guarantee

                             Date of domestic            Amount                         Actual amount                                                                                 Whether
Guaranteed party             announcement             guaranteed Date incurred             guaranteed Type of guarantee            Duration                                           completed
1. Guarantee provided to third parties outside the Group: Nil

2. Provided by the Company on behalf of subsidiaries
PT. ZTE Indonesia          19 February 2021        USD40 million 30 June 2021             USD40 million Joint liability guarantee Commencing on the date of issuance of the           No
                                                                                                                                      guarantee letter of the Company and ending
                                                                                                                                      upon the date on which performance of
                                                                                                                                      obligations of ZTE Indonesia under the
                                                                                                                                      “Equipment Purchase Contract” and
                                                                                                                                      “Technical Support Contract” is completed
                                                     IDR400 billion 30 June 2021          IDR400 billion Joint liability guarantee Effective term of 3 years and 6 months or the      No
                                                                                                                                      date on which performance of obligations of
                                                                                                                                      ZTE Indonesia under the “Equipment
                                                                                                                                      Purchase Contract” and “Technical Support
                                                                                                                                      Contract” is completed, whichever is later
PT. ZTE Indonesia            11 October 2022      IDR8,100 million 4 November 2022      IDR8,100 million Joint liability guarantee Commencing on the date of issuance of the          No
                                                                                                                                      guarantee letter of the Company and ending
                                                                                                                                      upon the date on which performance of
                                                                                                                                      obligations of ZTE Indonesia under the
                                                                                                                                      “Private Network Equipment Purchase and
                                                                                                                                      Technical Support Contract” and
                                                                                                                                      “Agricultural Network Equipment Purchase
                                                                                                                                      and Technical Support Contract” are
                                                                                                                                      completed
ZTE France SASU              14 December 2011       EUR10 million N/A                                 — Assurance                  From maturity to the date on which                 N/A
                                                                                                                                      performance of obligations of ZTE France
                                                                                                                                      under the “SMS Contract” and “PATES
                                                                                                                                      Contract” expires or terminates (whichever is
                                                                                                                                      later)




                                                                                                                                                                                            107
ZTE CORPORATION




IV. Material Matters


                             Date of domestic            Amount                       Actual amount                                                                           Whether
Guaranteed party             announcement             guaranteed Date incurred           guaranteed Type of guarantee         Duration                                        completed
9 overseas subsidiaries      1 March 2025          USD100 million N/A                            — Joint liability assurance Commencing on the date of issuance of the        N/A
   involved in the MTN                                                                                                          certificate of guarantee to MTN Group and
   Group projectNote 1                                                                                                          ending upon the date on which the
                                                                                                                                “Framework Agreement” terminates
CRS Technology Co., Ltd.     25 June 2022          USD500 million 27 June 2022       USD300,707,000 Joint liability assurance Commencing on the date on which the letter of   No
                                                                                                                                guarantee comes into effect and ending
                                                                                                                                upon on the conclusion of a consecutive
                                                                                                                                two-year period during which CRS has not
                                                                                                                                ordered any manufacturing service from the
                                                                                                                                supplier with no due and outstanding debt
                                                                                                                                payment.
ZTE KANGXUN TELECOM          8 April 2025        USD1,500 million 15 May 2025                    — Joint liability assurance Commencing on the date on which the letter of    No
  CO., LTD.Note 2                                                                                                               guarantee comes into effect and ending
                                                                                                                                upon on the cessation of ZTE Kangxun’s
                                                                                                                                purchases from the supplier with no due and
                                                                                                                                outstanding debt payment.
Beijing LeapRise Technology 29 August 2025         USD200 million 9 September 2025               — Joint liability assurance Commencing on the date on which the letter of    No
   Co., Ltd.Note 3                                                                                                              guarantee comes into effect and ending
                                                                                                                                upon the lapse of a three-year period from
                                                                                                                                the maturity of the performance period for
                                                                                                                                the last debt under the purchase contract.
3. Provided by subsidiaries on behalf of fellow subsidiaries
Netaş Bilişim Teknolojileri    1 March 2025          USD70 million   Note 4            USD3,866,200 Joint liability assurance Ending on the date on which the repayment of No
   A.ŞNote 4                                                                                                                    debt relating to the guarantee is completed.
BDH Bilişim Destek             1 March 2025          USD15 million   Note 4            USD2,501,300 Joint liability assurance Ending on the date on which the repayment of No
   Hizmetleri Sanayi ve                                                                                                         debt relating to the guarantee is completed.
   Ticaret.A.Ş. Note 4

NETAŞ                          1 March 2025          USD25 million   Note 4           USD13,911,500 Joint liability assurance Ending on the date on which the repayment of No
   TELEKOMÜNİKASYON                                                                                                             debt relating to the guarantee is completed.
   A.Ş.Note 4
Netaş Telecom Limited          1 March 2025           USD5 million   Note 4               USD48,100 Joint liability assurance Ending on the date on which the repayment of No
   Liability PartnershipNote 4                                                                                                  debt relating to the guarantee is completed.

                   Note 1:           As considered and approved at the Forty-first Meeting of the Ninth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company
                                     and the 2024 Annual General Meeting, the provision of performance guarantee of no more than USD100 million in
                                     aggregate in respect of obligations under the Framework Contract of 9 overseas subsidiaries involved in the MTN
                                     Group projects. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the aforesaid guarantee had yet to come into effect.

                   Note 2:           As considered and approved at the Second Meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company
                                     and the First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025, the provision of guarantee line of no more than USD1,500
                                     million in respect of the procurement business of wholly-owned subsidiary ZTE KANGXUN TELECOM CO., LTD.
                                     (“ZTE Kangxun”). On 15 May 2025, the Company issued a letter of guarantee to the supplier with a guarantee
                                     amount of USD1,500 million for a term commencing on the date on which the letter of guarantee comes into effect
                                     and ending upon on the cessation of purchases by ZTE Kangxun from the supplier with no due and outstanding
                                     debt payment. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the actual guarantee amount was 0.

                   Note 3:           As considered and approved at the Twelfth Meeting of the Tenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
                                     the provision of guarantee line of no more than USD200 million in respect of the procurement business of wholly-
                                     owned subsidiary Beijing LeapRise Technology Co., Ltd. On 9 September 2025, the Company issued a letter of
                                     guarantee to the supplier with a guarantee amount of USD200 million for a term commencing on the date on which
                                     the letter of guarantee comes into effect and ending upon on the lapse of a three-year period from the maturity of
                                     the performance period for the last debt under the purchase contract. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the
                                     actual guarantee amount was 0.

                   Note 4:           As considered and approved at the Forty-first Meeting of the Ninth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
                                     the 2024 Annual General Meeting and the board of directors of NETAŞ TELEKOMÜNİKASYON A.Ş. (“Netaş”), it was
                                     approved that a reciprocal joint-liability guarantee would be effected among Netaş and its subsidiaries in respect of
                                     composite credit facilities sought from financial institutions for an amount of not more than USD115 million. Each of
                                     the guaranteed entity shall apply to the financial institution for credit facilities, including loan, guarantee letter and
                                     reverse supply-chain financing, for a valid period commencing on the date on which the resolution was considered
                                     and approved at the 2024 Annual General Meeting and ending on the date on which the 2025 Annual General
                                     Meeting will be convened. Netaş and BDH Bilişim Destek Hizmetleri Sanayi ve Ticaret.A.Ş. (“BDH”) shall provide
                                     credit guarantee for Netaş Bilişim Teknolojileri A.Ş. (“Netaş Bilişim”) within the guarantee limit. As at the end of the
                                     Reporting Period, the balance of the actual guarantee amount was USD3,866,200. Netaş and Netaş Bilişim shall
                                     provide credit loan guarantee for BDH within the guarantee limit. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance
                                     of the actual guarantee amount was USD2,501,300. Netaş Bilişim shall provide credit loan guarantee for Netaş
                                     within the guarantee limit. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the actual guarantee amount was
                                     USD13,911,500. Netaş shall provide credit loan guarantee for Netaş Telecom Limited Liability Partnership within the
                                     guarantee limit. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the actual guarantee amount was
                                     USD48,100.




108
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                                 IV. Material Matters


            Note 5:    As considered and approved at the Forty-first Meeting of the Ninth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company
                       and the 2024 Annual General Meeting, the provision of sales business performance guarantee line of no more than
                       USD600 million in aggregate for 8 subsidiaries and procurement business performance guarantee line of no more
                       than USD500 million in aggregate for 3 subsidiaries by the Company was approved. The computations of the total
                       amount of guarantee on behalf of subsidiaries approved during the Reporting Period and the total amount of
                       guarantee on behalf of subsidiaries approved as at the end of the Reporting Period included the aforesaid
                       USD1,100 million guarantee line in aggregate. The provision of sales business performance guarantee line of no
                       more than USD10 million by Netaş for its subsidiary Netaş Bilişim was approved. The computations of the total
                       amount of guarantee provided by subsidiaries on behalf of fellow subsidiaries approved during the Reporting Period
                       and the total amount of guarantee provided by subsidiaries on behalf of fellow subsidiaries approved as at the end
                       of the Reporting Period included the aforesaid USD10 million guarantee line in aggregate. As at the end of the
                       Reporting Period, the aforesaid guarantee amount had yet to be applied.

            Note 6:    No guarantee liability or potential joint repayment liability has been incurred during the Reporting Period in relation
                       to the outstanding guarantees.

            Note 7:    The guarantee amounts were translated at the book exchange rates of the Company as at 31 December 2025: USD1:
                       RMB6.9905; EUR1:RMB8.2055; IDR1:RMB0.000418092.


      (3)   Opinion of the Independent Directors

            The Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company have conducted examination on
            appropriation of funds of the Company by the controlling shareholder and other connected parties
            and third-party guarantees of the Company in 2025, and have furnished a specific statement and
            independent opinion as follows:

            i.    During 2025, there was no appropriation of the Company’s funds by the controlling shareholder
                  and other connected parties for non-operational purposes.

            ii.   For 2025, the effective amount of guarantee provided by the Company was approximately
                  RMB2,244,188,900. As at 31 December 2025, the balance of effective guarantee amounted to
                  approximately RMB2,694,432,300, representing approximately 3.57% of the Company’s equity
                  attributable to holders of ordinary share of the listed company as at 31 December 2025.

            In 2025, the Company’s decision-making procedures for third-party guarantees were in compliance
            with pertinent provisions of Guide for Listed Companies No. 8 — Regulatory Requirements Governing
            Financial Transactions and Third-party Guarantees of Listed Companies, Shenzhen Stock Exchange
            Self-disciplinary Regulatory Guide for Listed Companies No. 1 — Regulated Operation of Main Board
            Listed Companies and the Articles of Association.

4.4   PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

      4.4.1 Undertakings of the controlling shareholder

            (1)   Undertaking to avoid competition in same business

                  Zhongxingxin entered into “Non-Competition Agreement” with the Company on 19 November
                  2004, pursuant to which Zhongxingxin has undertaken to the Company that: Zhongxingxin will
                  not, and will prevent and preclude any of its other subsidiaries from carrying on or participating
                  in any activities in any businesses deemed to be competing with existing and future businesses
                  of the Company in any form (including but not limited to sole ownership, equity joint venture or
                  co-operative joint venture and direct or indirect ownership of equity or other interests in other
                  companies or enterprises, other than through ZTE); in the event that Zhongxingxin and/or such
                  subsidiaries are participating in or carrying on in any manner at any time, Zhongxingxin will
                  immediately terminate and/or procure any of its subsidiaries to terminate the participation in,
                  management or operation of any such competing businesses.

                  During 2025, the undertaking was under normal performance and there was no instance of
                  non-completion of the performance of undertaking after the end of the relevant period.




                                                                                                                                         109
ZTE CORPORATION




IV. Material Matters


            (2)   Undertaking on sell-down of shares

                  On 10 December 2007, Zhongxingxin gave an undertaking that it shall disclose any intention in
                  future to dispose of unlocked shares in the Company held via the securities trading system to
                  sell down shareholdings by a volume equivalent to 5% or more within six months after the first
                  sell-down, by way of an indicative announcement to be published by the Company within two
                  trading days before the first sell-down.

                  During 2025, the aforesaid undertaking was under normal performance and there was no
                  instance of non-completion of the performance of undertaking after the end of the relevant
                  period.

      4.4.2 Company statement on meeting original profit forecasts for assets or projects and the reasons
            therefor, where such profit forecasts have been made and 2025 falls within the profit forecast
            period

            □ Applicable    √ N/A

      4.4.3 Company undertaking relating to business performance

            □ Applicable    √ N/A

4.5   APPROPRIATION OF NON-OPERATING FUNDS AND CREDIBILITY

      During 2025, there was no appropriation of non-operating capital of the Company by the controlling
      shareholder and other connected parties. The Company and its controlling shareholder had no unfulfilled
      obligation ascertained by valid legal documents issued by the court or due and outstanding debt of a
      substantial amount.

4.6   PUNISHMENT AND RECTIFICATION

      During 2025, there was no enforcement and criminal punishment in accordance with the law on alleged
      crimes, case investigation by CSRC or administrative penalty by CSRC or material administrative penalty by
      other competent authorities for alleged violations of laws and regulations, detainment for alleged material
      violations of discipline and law or crime in office by disciplinary authorities against the Company, its
      Directors, senior management or controlling shareholder affecting the performance of their duties; or
      enforcement by other competent authorities for alleged violation of laws and regulations against the
      Company’s Directors and senior management affecting the performance of their duties.

4.7   OTHER MATERIAL MATTERS

      (1)   Media reports

            On 11 December 2025, the Company had noted media reports regarding an investigation into the
            Company’s compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the United States and published an
            “INSIDE INFORMATION ANNOUNCEMENT” in connection with the aforesaid matter on the same date.
            The Company maintains communication with the United States Department of Justice regarding the
            aforesaid matter, and no material progress has been made to date.

      (2)   Audit report

            The 2025 financial reports of the Group have been audited by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, who
            has furnished a standard audit report without qualified opinion. Therefore the Board of Directors and
            the Independent Non-executive Directors are not required to furnish any statement pertaining thereto.

      (3)   No bankruptcy, reorganisation or withdrawal from listing

            The Company was not subject to bankruptcy or reorganisation in 2025 or withdrawal from listing
            subsequent to the publication of this annual report.

            Save as matters disclosed in this report, there were no other discloseable material matters occurring
            to the Company or its subsidiaries in 2025 that remained undisclosed.




110
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                         V. Information on Bonds
Information on bonds issued by the Company in 2025 is set out as follows:

5.1   DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS OF NON-FINANCIAL ENTERPRISES

      (1)   General information

            As considered and approved at the General Meeting of the Company, it was approved that the
            Company would seek the consolidated registration with the National Association of Financial Market
            Institutional Investors (“NAFMII”) for issuance of multiple types of debt financing instruments,
            including SCPs, short-term commercial paper, MTNs, perpetual note and asset-backed note. NAFMII
            has accepted the Company’s registration of multiple types of debt financing instruments as aforesaid.
            The Company has issued SCPs and MTNs notes during the effective term of registration without
            further application.

            As at 31 December 2025, 30 tranches of SCPs issued by the Company for an aggregate issue
            amount of RMB31.2 billion had been repaid upon maturity. Information on the Company’s SCPs and
            MTNs (including Sci-Tech Innovation Bond) issued and outstanding as at the date of the publication
            of this report is set out as follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB100 million

                                      Bond                                                                                Bond    Interest
             Bond name                abbreviation   Bond code   Issue date        Accrual date      Maturity date      balance       rate

             2024
             2024 Tranche I MTN       24中興通訊         102483530   14 August 2024    16 August 2024    16 August 2029          5     2.25%
               (Sci-Tech Innovation     MTN001
               Note)                    (科創票據)
             2024 Tranche II MTN      24中興通訊         102485311   5 December 2024 9 December 2024 9 December 2029             5     2.18%
               (Sci-Tech Innovation     MTN002
               Note)                    (科創票據)
             2025
             2025 Tranche I MTN       25中興通訊         102580635   18 February 2025 19 February 2025 19 February 2030         10     1.93%
               (Sci-Tech Innovation     MTN001
               Note)                    (科創票據)
             2025 Tranche II MTN      25中興通訊         102581654   16 April 2025     17 April 2025     17 April 2030          10     1.98%
               (Sci-Tech Innovation     MTN002
               Note)                    (科創票據)
             2025 Tranche III         25中興通訊         102582645   25 June 2025      26 June 2025      26 June 2030           10     1.79%
               Sci-Tech Innovation      MTN003
               Bond                     (科創債)
             2025 Tranche IV          25中興通訊         102582670   26 June 2025      27 June 2025      27 June 2030           3.5    1.90%
               Sci-Tech Innovation      MTN004
               Bond                     (科創債)
             2026
             2026 Tranche I SCP       26中興通訊         012680038   6 January 2026    7 January 2026    31 March 2026          10     1.51%
                                        SCP001
             2026 Tranche II SCP      26中興通訊         012680032   6 January 2026    7 January 2026    31 March 2026          10     1.51%
                                        SCP002
             2026 Tranche III SCP     26中興通訊         012680049   6 January 2026    7 January 2026    31 March 2026          10     1.51%
                                        SCP003
             2026 Tranche IV SCP      26中興通訊         012680051   6 January 2026    7 January 2026    31 March 2026          10     1.51%
                                        SCP004
             2026 Tranche V SCP       26中興通訊         012680088   12 January 2026   13 January 2026   31 March 2026          10     1.50%
                                        SCP005
             2026 Tranche VI SCP      26中興通訊         012680089   12 January 2026   13 January 2026   31 March 2026          10     1.50%
                                        SCP006
             2026 Tranche VII SCP     26中興通訊         012680091   12 January 2026   13 January 2026   31 March 2026          10     1.50%
                                        SCP007
             2026 Tranche VIII SCP    26中興通訊         012680141   15 January 2026   16 January 2026   31 March 2026          10     1.50%
                                        SCP008
             2026 Tranche IX SCP      26中興通訊         012680234   22 January 2026   23 January 2026   31 March 2026          10     1.52%
                                        SCP009
             2026 Tranche X SCP       26中興通訊         012680457   11 February 2026 12 February 2026 31 March 2026             5     1.54%
                                        SCP010




                                                                                                                                        111
ZTE CORPORATION




V. Information on Bonds



                                         Bond                                                                                               Bond        Interest
             Bond name                   abbreviation     Bond code     Issue date            Accrual date        Maturity date           balance           rate

             2026 Tranche XI SCP         26中興通訊           012680455     11 February 2026 12 February 2026 31 March 2026                          5       1.54%
                                           SCP011
             2026 Tranche XII SCP        26中興通訊           012680466     12 February 2026 13 February 2026 17 March 2026                          2       1.53%
                                           SCP012
             2026 Tranche I MTN          26中興通訊           102680588     11 February 2026 12 February 2026 12 February 2029                       3       1.69%
                                           MTN001
             2026 Tranche II MTN         26中興通訊           102680587     11 February 2026 12 February 2026 12 February 2029                       3       1.69%
                                           MTN002
             2026 Tranche III MTN        26中興通訊           102680592     11 February 2026 12 February 2026 12 February 2029                       3       1.69%
                                           MTN003
             Total                       —                —             —                     —                   —                         154.5             —


            The SCPs and MTNs issued by the Company were traded on the inter-bank bond market and subject
            to the inter-bank bond market trading mechanism. There was no risk of termination of listing and
            trading.

            In 2025, there was no adjustment of the Company’s credit ratings by credit rating agencies, nor
            trigger of issuer or investor option clause or investor protection clause. The SCPs issued by the
            Company had been repaid as due in one-off payments of principal and interest. Interest on MTNs
            was payable annually and the principal was payable on maturity. Bonds were repaid upon maturity.
            There were no overdue bonds, nor were any guarantees, debt repayment schemes and other debt
            repayment assurance measures triggered.

      (2)   Use of proceeds as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB100 million

                                                                                                       Operation of                        Whether consistent
                                                                                                       dedicated      Rectification        with uses, application
                                                                                                       account for    of illicit use of    plans and other
                                   Total amount    Amount        Amount Designated use of              proceeds       proceeds (if         agreed terms stated
             Bond                   of proceeds    utilised    remaining proceeds                      (if any)       any)                 in issue prospectus

             2024 Tranches I-II              10          10           — Supplementary working          Nil            Nil                  Yes
                MTNs                                                       capital
             2025 Tranches I-XXX           312          312           — Supplementary working          Nil            Nil                  Yes
                SCPs                                                       capital and repayment of
                                                                           interest-bearing debt, etc.
             2025 Tranches I-II            33.5         33.5          — Supplementary working          Nil            Nil                  Yes
                MTNs, 2025                                                 capital
                Tranches III-IV
                Sci-Tech
                Innovation Bond


            As at 31 December 2025, there was no change in the use of proceeds from the issuance of SCPs
            and MTNs by the Company. No proceeds were not applied to construction projects.




112
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                        V. Information on Bonds


      (3)   Information of intermediary

            Intermediaries for the Company’s 2024 Tranches I-II MTNs, 2025 Tranches I to XXX SCPs, 2025
            Tranches I-II MTNs, 2025 Tranches III-IV Sci-Tech Innovation Bonds, 2026 Tranches I-XII SCPs, and
            2026 Tranches I-III MTNs are set out as follows:

             Type of intermediary      Name of intermediary
             Underwriter               Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Construction Bank,
                                         Agricultural Bank of China, Bank of China, Postal Savings Bank of China,
                                         China Merchants Bank, China Minsheng Bank, CITIC Bank, China
                                         Everbright Bank, Bank of Beijing, China Bohai Bank, Guangfa Bank, Bank
                                         of Hangzhou, EverGrowing Bank, Huaxia Bank, Bank of Jiangsu, Bank of
                                         Communications, Ping An Bank, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank,
                                         Bank of Shanghai, Industrial Bank, Huishang Bank, Bank of Guangzhou,
                                         Zheshang Bank
             Legal advisor             Beijing Junhe Law Firm
             Accountant                Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
             Rating agency             China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd.
             Custodian                 Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.
             Technical support for     Beijing Financial Assets Exchange Co., Ltd.
               centralised book
               building system

            For details of the office addresses, contact persons and contact telephone numbers of the aforesaid
            intermediaries, please refer to the announcements published on the website of Shanghai Clearing
            (www.shclearing.com.cn) and China Money (www.chinamoney.com.cn). There was no change to the
            aforesaid institutions.

5.2   H-SHARE CONVERTIBLE BONDS

      (1)   Issuance of H-share convertible bonds

            To optimise the capital structure, diversify funding sources, improve the liquidity position and reduce
            the financing costs of the Group, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with CLSA
            Limited and China Securities (International) Corporate Finance Company Limited, the Managers, on 28
            July 2025 for the issuance of RMB3,584 million USD settled zero coupon H-share convertible bonds
            due 2030. The issue price of the convertible bonds was equivalent to 100% of the principal amount
            of the bonds. The convertible bonds were issued in registered form in the specified denomination of
            RMB2,000,000 each and integral multiples of RMB1,000,000 in excess thereof. Subject to and upon
            compliance with the Terms and Conditions, the convertible bonds may be converted into H shares (of
            par value of RMB1.00 each) at an initial conversion price of HK$30.25 per H share (subject to
            adjustments). The Managers offered the convertible bonds to no less than six independent
            subscribers, each (and each of their respective ultimate beneficial owners) of which is not a
            connected person of the Company as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The issuance of
            the convertible bonds was completed on 5 August 2025 and the maturity date is 5 August 2030. The
            convertible bonds were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 6 August 2025 (Debt Stock
            Code: 85046).

            The net proceeds from the bond subscription, after deduction of fees, commissions and certain
            estimated offering expenses, are estimated to be approximately USD494 million, represented a net
            issue price of approximately HK$29.90 per conversion share based on the initial conversion price. Net
            proceeds from the issue of the bonds are applied to enhancing the Company’s R&D investments in
            computility products.




                                                                                                               113
ZTE CORPORATION




V. Information on Bonds


            The initial conversion price of HK$30.25 per H share (subject to adjustment) represented: (1) a
            premium of approximately 15.90% over the closing price of HK$26.1 per H share as quoted on the
            Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 28 July 2025 (being the day on which the Subscription Agreement
            was entered into); and (2) a premium of approximately 16.12% over approximately HK$26.05 per H
            share, being the average closing price per H share as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for
            the last five consecutive trading days up to and including 28 July 2025.

            Assuming full conversion of the bonds at the initial conversion price of HK$30.25 per H share, the
            bonds will be convertible into approximately 129,726,464 H shares, representing approximately
            17.17% of the total issued H share capital of the Company and approximately 2.71% of the total
            issued share capital of the Company as at the date of the publication of this report, and
            approximately 14.65% of the enlarged total issued H share capital of the Company and
            approximately 2.64% of the enlarged total issued share capital of the Company resulting from the full
            conversion of the bonds.

            For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company, including “PROPOSED ISSUE OF
            RMB3,584 MILLION USD SETTLED ZERO COUPON CONVERTIBLE BONDS DUE 2030 UNDER
            GENERAL MANDATE” dated 29 July 2025, “NOTICE OF LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF
            HONG KONG LIMITED — ZTE CORPORATION — RMB3,584 Million U.S. Dollar Settled Zero Coupon
            Convertible Bonds due 2030” and “COMPLETION OF ISSUE OF RMB3,584 MILLION ZERO COUPON
            USD SETTLED CONVERTIBLE BONDS DUE 2030” dated 5 August 2025 and “PUBLICATION OF THE
            OFFERING CIRCULAR — ZTE CORPORATION — RMB3,584 Million U.S. Dollar Settled Zero Coupon
            Convertible Bonds due 2030” dated 6 August 2025.

      (2)   Use of proceeds

            As at 31 December 2025, net proceeds of USD494 million from the issue of convertible bonds has
            been fully utilised as investments in the R&D of computility products, which is consistent with the
            previously disclosed intended use of the net proceeds.

      (3)   Diluting effect on shareholding structure and earnings per share

            As at the date of publication of this report, no conversion rights under the convertible bonds have
            been exercised. Assuming the conversion rights under the convertible bonds were exercised in full as
            at 31 December 2025, the diluting effect on the Company’s then total number of shares in issue and
            its shareholding structure would have been as follows:

                                      Class of      Before full exercise of conversion After full exercise of conversion
             Shareholder              shares         rights under convertible bonds    rights under convertible bonds
                                                                      As approximate                     As approximate
                                                                       percentage of                      percentage of
                                                        Number of total number of          Number of total number of
                                                            shares shares in issue             shares shares in issue
             Zhongxingxin             A share          958,940,400           20.05%       958,940,400           19.52%
                                      H share            2,038,000            0.04%         2,038,000            0.04%
             Holders of convertible   H share                   —                 —       129,726,464            2.64%
               bonds
             Other shareholders       A share and    3,822,556,487           79.91%     3,822,556,487           77.80%
                                        H share
             Total                                   4,783,534,887            100%      4,913,261,351            100%

            Upon the full conversion of the convertible bonds, the conversion shares that fall to be issued will
            have a diluting effect on earnings per share. For details please refer to Note V.58. “Earnings per
            share” to the Financial Statements in this report.




114
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                    V. Information on Bonds


            For holders of the convertible bonds, conversion into shares or redemption based on the inherent
            return rate of the convertible bonds in future when the Company’s share price approximates the
            adjusted conversion price will be equally favourable in terms of economic benefit.

      (4)   Redemption of H-share convertible bonds

            As at the date of the publication of this report, the Company has yet to exercise its right of
            redemption. Taking into account the Group’s financial and liquidity position, the Company expects
            that it will be able to fulfill its obligation for redemption under the convertible bonds.

5.3   KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS OF THE GROUP FOR THE PAST TWO YEARS

                                                            31 December     31 December          Year-on-year
       Item                                                        2025            2024     increase/decrease

       Current ratio                                                1.76             1.72              2.33%
       Quick ratio                                                  1.16             1.21             (4.13%)
                                                                                                Increased by
                                                                                             0.52 percentage
       Gearing ratio                                             65.26%           64.74%                point


                                                                                                 Year-on-year
       Item                                                        2025             2024    increase/decrease

       Net profit after extraordinary gain/loss
        attributable to holders of ordinary shares of the
        listed company (RMB in millions)                         3,370.4          6,179.1           (45.45%)
                                                                                               Decreased by
                                                                                             6.62 percentage
       Debt-to-EBITDA ratio                                      17.38%           24.00%               points
       Interest coverage ratio                                      2.68             3.68           (27.17%)
       Cash interest coverage ratio                                 4.74             7.37           (35.69%)
       EBITDA interest coverage ratio                               3.95             5.12           (22.85%)
       Loan repayment ratio                                     100.00%          100.00%                   —
       Interest repayment ratio                                 100.00%          100.00%                   —

5.4   OTHER INFORMATION

      There was no violation of rules and regulations by the Company in 2025, nor loss reported in consolidated
      statement for the year exceeding 10% of net assets at the end of last year.

      As at 31 December 2025, there was no overdue interest-bearing debts other than bonds.




                                                                                                           115
ZTE CORPORATION




VI. Financial Reports
6.1     AUDIT REPORT                                  117

6.2     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCOMPANYING NOTES   125




116
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                     Audit Report


                                                     Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                         ZTE CORPORATION




To the Shareholders of ZTE Corporation:

I.     AUDIT OPINION

We have audited the accompanying financial statements of ZTE Corporation which comprise the consolidated
and company balance sheets as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated and company income statements,
statement of changes in equity and cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2025 and notes to the
financial statements.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of ZTE Corporation have been prepared in accordance
with the PRC ASBEs in all material aspects and give a fair view of the consolidated and company financial
position of ZTE Corporation as at 31 December 2025 and the consolidated and company results of operation
and cash flows of ZTE Corporation for 2025.

II.    BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with the Auditing Standards for Certified Public Accountants of China.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the section headed “CERTIFIED
ACCOUNTANT’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS” in our audit report.
We are independent of ZTE Corporation in accordance with “PRC Certified Accountants’ Independence
Standards No. 1 — Independence Requirements for the Auditing of Financial Statements and Review of
Business” and the Code of Ethics for PRC certified accountants and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities. In the course of our audit, we have complied with the independence requirements for the
auditing of public interest entities. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in
that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the section headed “CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANT’S
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS” in our report, including in relation to
these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit
procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit
opinion on the accompanying financial statements.




                                                                                                              117
ZTE CORPORATION




Audit Report




                                                        Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                            ZTE CORPORATION

III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

                                                               HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT
KEY AUDIT MATTER:                                              MATTER

Revenue recognition of telecommunication system construction contract

Revenue generated from telecommunication system                Our audit procedures mainly included:
construction contracts for 2025 recognised in the
consolidated financial statements amounted to                  We evaluated the process of revenue recognition of
RMB71,760,748,000, representing 54% of the total               telecommunication system construction contracts
revenue; revenue recognised in the Company financial           and the related internal controls, assessed the
statements amounted to RMB73,004,697,000,                      Group’s accounting policies, and tested the
representing 52% of the total revenue. Such contracts          effectiveness of the design and execution of key
consisted of a number of performance obligations for           internal controls.
goods and services including mainly sales of equipment
and installation services, among others.                       We obtained the major sales agreements for
                                                               telecommunication system construction and checked
Significant judgements and estimates by the                    and identified contract terms and conditions related
management are required for the revenue recognition of         to transfer of control and each performance
telecommunication system construction contracts:               obligation in contracts to assess whether the
                                                               accounting policy for revenue recognition is
I.     Whether the promised goods or services represent        compliant with ABSE requirements. In respect of the
       separate performance obligations. In making such        judgement on whether a performance obligation is
       judgment, the management needs to assess                distinct and on the timing of the transfer of control,
       whether the promised goods or services are              we have assessed the management’s judgement,
       distinct.                                               assumptions and methodology upon which it is
                                                               based.
II.    Whether the control of each distinct performance
       obligation is transferred over a period of time or at   We obtained correspondence in contractual amounts
       a point in time. The management needs to                from major customers on a sample basis in
       consider how the promised goods or services is          conjunction with the accounts receivable
       being delivered to customers.                           correspondence, and performed alternative tests on
                                                               the sample that did not respond to the letters.
III.   To allocate the transaction price to each
       performance obligation on the basis of the relative     We selected samples of telecommunication system
       stand-alone selling prices of the distinct good or      construction contract transactions prior to and after
       service underlying each performance obligation,         the balance sheet date to check supporting
       the management adopts the cost plus approach to         documents such as delivery acceptance notes,
       estimate stand-alone selling prices, which is           inspection and acceptance notes and invoices, in
       primarily based on historic data, past experience,      order to assess whether the revenue concerned had
       configuration of the projects and the evaluation of     been recorded under the appropriate accounting
       risk and uncertainty inherent in the arrangement.       period.

In view of the above which makes the revenue                   We implemented the analytic review examination
recognition of telecommunication system construction           procedure to compare movements in revenue and
contracts relatively complicated, we have identified the       gross profit margin from different business types,
recognition of revenue from telecommunication system           regions and customer types to analyse the
construction as a key audit matter.                            reasonableness of movements in revenue and gross
                                                               profit margin.
For disclosure of our policy for the revenue recognition,
please refer to Note III.20; for disclosure of judgements      We performed tests of details on the recognition of
and estimates for revenue recognition, please refer to         revenue from telecommunication system
Note III.31; for disclosure of categories of revenue,          construction contract on a sampling basis and
please refer to Note V.43; for disclosure of contract          checked the supporting documents relating to the
assets, please refer to Note V.8; for disclosure of            recognition of product sales revenue, including sales
contract liabilities, please refer to Note V.27.               agreements, orders, acceptance notes signed by
                                                               customers, inspection and acceptance notes, sales
                                                               invoices and payment receipts, etc.




118
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                   Audit Report




                                                     Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                         ZTE CORPORATION

III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

                                                            HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT
KEY AUDIT MATTER:                                           MATTER

Revenue recognition of telecommunication system construction contract (continued)

                                                            In respect of the allocation of transaction price, we
                                                            assessed the Company’s method for estimating the
                                                            stand-alone selling prices of each performance
                                                            obligation and compared the major parameters (e.g.,
                                                            cost, gross margin percentage, etc.) used in the
                                                            model against historical data and industry
                                                            conditions.

                                                            We reviewed and examined the presentation and
                                                            disclosure relating to revenue in the notes to the
                                                            consolidated and company financial statements.

Expected credit loss of trade receivables and contract assets

The carrying amount of trade receivables (long-term         Our audit procedure mainly included:
trade receivables included) and contract assets as at 31
December 2025 was RMB28,749,237,000, representing           We evaluated the processes relating to the ECL of
13% of total assets, on the consolidated financial          trade receivables and contract assets and the
statements and RMB50,894,355,000, representing 25%          related internal controls, tested the effectiveness of
of total assets, on the company financial statements.       design and execution of key internal controls.

In accordance with “ASBE No.22 — Recognition and            Discussion with management to assess receivables
measurement of financial instruments (Revised 2017)”,       which were subject to default and indications of
impairment losses of trade receivables and contact          impairment, as well as the status of collection and
assets are accounted for using the expected credit loss     bad debt risk.
(“ECL”) approach. For trade receivables and contract
assets that contain a significant financing component,      For ECL of individually assessed trade receivables
ZTE Corporation elects to measure loss provision based      and contract assets, we have examined on a
on the ECL amount for the whole period, therefore the       sampling basis the objective evidence relating to the
loss provision for all trade receivables and contract       impairment of trade receivables and contract assets
assets shall be measured on the basis of the ECL            and the key assumptions used in the estimate of the
amount for the whole period. The Management assesses        present value of all cash flows. We have also
the ECL of some trade receivables and contract assets       reviewed whether amounts have been recovered
individually and others by group.                           after the end of reporting period.

For trade receivables or contract assets that are
individually significant with objective evidence that the
credit risk are obviously different from others, ECL is
measured as the shortfall between the present value of
all contract cashflow receivable and the present value of
all contract cashflow expected to be received under the
individual contract.




                                                                                                              119
ZTE CORPORATION




Audit Report




                                                       Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                           ZTE CORPORATION

III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

                                                              HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT
KEY AUDIT MATTER:                                             MATTER

Expected credit loss of trade receivables and contract assets (continued)

For other trade receivables and contract assets, ECLs         For other trade receivables and contract assets, we
are assessed by aging groups in response to credit risk       have assessed whether the risk matrix established
characteristics of different debtors. The management          by the management was in compliance with the ECL
has established a risk matrix for provision rates based       approach and assessed the key parameters used in
on aging groups for customers of different credit             the matrix including mainly: credit rating, historical
standings by reference to its historical credit loss          rates of bad debts, migration rates and forward-
experience, on the basis of which ECL is estimated. In        looking information, etc.
assessing the ECL, the management takes into
consideration past events, current conditions and             We have obtained debtors’ credit information on a
reasonable and well-founded information on future             sampling basis to ascertain whether the
economic forecasts.                                           classification of debtors is in compliance with the
                                                              Company’s policy. We have tested the
The ECL of trade receivables and contract assets has a        management’s ageing analysis based on aging by
significant impact on the financial statements and is         examining the original documents (such as bills and
subject to significant management judgement estimation.       bank deposit advice).
Accordingly, the ECL of trade receivables and contract
assets was identified as a key audit matter.                  We have recalculated the ECL of each type of trade
                                                              receivables and contract assets according to the risk
For disclosure on estimations of trade receivable and         matrix, and compared it with the management’s
contract asset provision for impairment, please refer to      calculation. We also checked whether the payment
Note III. 10; for disclosure of significant accounting        was collected subsequent to the reporting period.
judgements and estimates for trade receivable and
contract asset impairment, please refer to Note III.31; for
disclosure of the amount of bad debt provision for trade
receivables and long-term receivables, please refer to
Note V. 4A and 10; for disclosure of contract asset
provision for impairment, please refer to Note V.8.




120
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                     Audit Report




                                                       Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                           ZTE CORPORATION

III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

                                                              HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT
KEY AUDIT MATTER:                                             MATTER

Provision for impairment for inventories

As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of                Our audit procedure mainly included:
inventories was RMB47,017,122,000, representing 22%
of total assets, on the consolidated financial statements     We obtained an understanding of the processes of
and RMB16,850,693,000, representing 8% of total               provision for impairment of inventories and the
assets, on the company financial statements.                  related internal controls; performed testing on the
                                                              effectiveness of the design and execution of key
The provision for impairment of inventories was made          internal controls.
based on their respective estimated net realisable value.
The assessment of the estimated net realisable value          We observed the stocktaking process and external
was calculated based on the management’s estimated            confirmation procedures to ascertain whether the
selling prices, estimated costs to be incurred upon           damaged, sub-standard, slow-moving and obsolete
completion of production, selling costs and the relevant      inventories were identified.
tax. The estimated selling price is determined with
reference to the contract price if the inventories are held   We tested the aging analysis of inventories by
for particular contracts. For those which are not             checking the original documents on a sampling
earmarked to particular contracts, the management will        basis.
estimate their respective realisable value based on
                                                              We evaluated the key assumptions, such as selling
judgments on the method by which they are
                                                              prices, cost to be incurred upon completion, selling
subsequently realised.
                                                              expense and the relevant taxes, which were used by
The amount of inventory impairment loss has a                 the management in calculating net realisable value.
significant impact on the financial statements and is         For inventories held for particular contracts, we
subject to significant management judgements and              checked the respective contract price on a sampling
estimates. Therefore, provision for impairment for            basis. For those without earmarked prices, we
inventories was identified as a key audit matter.             inspected key assumptions used by management in
                                                              estimating the recoverable amount on a sampling
For disclosure of the accounting policy on provision for      basis and checked whether inventories were sold
impairment of inventories please refer to Note III.11; for    subsequent to the reporting period.
disclosure of significant judgement and estimates on
provision for impairment please refer to Note III.31; for     We communicated and discussed with management
disclosure of provision for impairment of inventories,        whether there were inventories with no market
please refer to Note V.7.                                     demand, which were not expected to be consumed
                                                              in the future, and assessed the adequacy of the
                                                              provision for inventory write-downs.

                                                              Movement of provision for impairment of inventory
                                                              for the year was checked. Recalculation based on
                                                              detailed inventory list was carried out to verify the
                                                              accuracy of the charge of provision for impairment.




                                                                                                               121
ZTE CORPORATION




Audit Report




                                                      Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                          ZTE CORPORATION

IV.   OTHER INFORMATION

The management of ZTE Corporation are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the Annual Report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our audit opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

V.    RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE MANAGEMENT AND THE GOVERNANCE BODY FOR THE FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS

The management of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a fair
view in accordance with the PRC ASBEs and for the design, execution and maintenance of such internal control
as is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the management of the Company are responsible for assessing ZTE
Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless there are plans for liquidation or cessation or there are
no other realistic alternatives.

The governance body of the Company is responsible for overseeing ZTE Corporation’s financial reporting
process.




122
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                       Audit Report




                                                       Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                           ZTE CORPORATION

VI.   CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANT’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
audit opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with audit standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with audit standards, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

(1)   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
      to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. The risk of not
      detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than one resulting from error, as fraud may
      involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

(2)   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances.

(3)   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the management.

(4)   Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
      that may cast significant doubt on ZTE Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, in our auditor’s report we are required under the audit
      standards to draw attention of the users of the financial statements to the related disclosures in the
      financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to issue a qualified opinion. Our conclusions are
      based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause ZTE Corporation to cease to continue as a going concern.

(5)   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

(6)   Obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within ZTE Corporation to express an audit opinion on the financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
      for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the governance body regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We also provide the governance body with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.




                                                                                                                  123
ZTE CORPORATION




Audit Report




                                                     Ernst & Young Hua Ming (2026) Shen Zi No. 70007912_H01
                                                                                         ZTE CORPORATION

VI.   CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANT’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

From the matters communicated with the governance body, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
audit report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the
public interest benefits of such communication.



Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP                                                       PRC certified public accountant:
                                                                                 Liao Wenjia (廖文佳)
                                                                                 (Project Partner)

                                                                                 PRC certified public accountant:
                                                                                 He Suwei (何蘇偉)

Beijing, PRC                                                                     6 March 2026




124
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                               Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                       (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000


Note: Items in the notes to the financial statements marked with # are disclosures provided in compliance with the Companies Ordinance of
      Hong Kong and Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


                                                                                               31 December              31 December
 Assets                                                                         Note V                2025                     2024
 Current assets
  Currency cash                                                                    1              33,751,116                43,885,348
  Trading financial assets                                                         2              17,396,415                13,768,781
  Derivative financial assets                                                      3                 235,612                   173,439
  Trade receivables                                                               4A              21,670,066                21,288,393
  Factored trade receivables                                                      4A                   9,070                     6,498
  Receivable financing                                                            4B               3,039,968                 4,243,041
  Prepayments                                                                      5               1,443,440                   692,097
  Other receivables                                                                6               2,392,560                 2,597,585
  Inventories                                                                      7              47,017,122                41,257,657
  Contract assets                                                                  8               5,881,166                 4,972,074
  Non-current assets due within one year                                          21                 510,698                     3,085
  Other current assets                                                            22              10,586,629                 8,899,348
 Total current assets                                                                            143,933,862              141,787,346
 Non-current assets
  Debt investment                                                                 9               31,081,323                25,068,445
  Long-term receivables                                                           10               1,198,005                   833,972
  Factored long-term receivables                                                  10                   3,628                     8,664
  Investment in associates and joints                                             11               2,578,282                 2,333,836
  Other non-current financial assets                                              12               1,792,620                   715,761
  Investment properties                                                           13                  94,577                    99,045
  Property, plant and equipment                                                   14              13,421,946                14,178,419
  Construction in progress                                                        15                 798,207                   685,376
  Right-of-use assets                                                             16               1,534,289                 1,551,573
  Intangible assets                                                               17               6,016,651                 7,159,200
  Development costs                                                               18               2,112,171                 1,594,563
  Goodwill                                                                        19                      —                     14,425
  Deferred tax assets                                                             20               5,165,677                 4,396,088
  Other non-current assets                                                        22               8,008,137                 6,896,517
 Total non-current assets                                                                         73,805,513                65,535,884
 TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                    217,739,375              207,323,230

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                          125
ZTE CORPORATION




Consolidated Balance Sheet
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000



                                                                             31 December         31 December
  Liabilities                                                    Note V             2025                2024
  Current liabilities
   Short-term loans                                                24            3,628,665          7,027,070
   Bank advances on factored trade receivables                     4A                9,070              6,498
   Derivative financial liabilities                                25              179,247            200,853
   Bills payable                                                  26A           15,270,429         10,959,334
   Trade payables                                                 26B           18,766,840         22,371,792
   Contract liabilities                                            27           15,600,702         12,859,416
   Employee benefits payable                                       28           15,084,210         16,991,686
   Taxes payable                                                   29            1,128,338          1,205,018
   Other payables                                                  30            2,828,768          3,236,993
   Provisions                                                      31            1,584,443          2,184,073
   Non-current liabilities due within one year                     32            7,900,409          5,592,740
  Total current liabilities                                                     81,981,121         82,635,473
  Non-current liabilities
   Long-term loans                                                 33           45,712,509         44,058,915
   Bank advances on factored long-term trade receivables           10                3,628              8,664
   Bonds payable                                                   34            7,809,677          1,004,880
   Lease liabilities                                               16              940,369            972,943
   Long-term employee benefits payable                             28              141,685            153,647
   Deferred income                                                               1,638,224          1,496,556
   Deferred tax liabilities                                        20              107,910             90,651
   Other non-current liabilities                                   35            3,763,011          3,791,219
  Total non-current liabilities                                                 60,117,013         51,577,475
  TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                            142,098,134        134,212,948

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




126
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                 Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                              Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                    (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                   RMB’000



                                                                              31 December            31 December
 Shareholder’s equity                                               Note V           2025                   2024
 Shareholder’s equity
   Share capital                                                         36      4,783,535                4,783,535
   Other equity instruments                                              37        126,956                       —
   Capital reserve                                                       38     27,474,428               27,476,099
   Other comprehensive income                                            39     (2,673,180)              (2,465,531)
   Special reserve                                                       40        121,392                   88,214
   Surplus reserve                                                       41      3,053,523                3,053,523
   Retained profits                                                      42     42,538,947               39,872,643
 Total equity attributable to holders of ordinary shares of
   the parent                                                                   75,425,601               72,808,483
 Non-controlling interests                                                         215,640                   301,799
 Total shareholders’ equity                                                     75,641,241               73,110,282
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                    217,739,375             207,323,230




The financial statements have been signed by:

        Legal Representative:                 Chief Financial Officer:          Head of Finance Division:
             Xu Ziyang                                Li Ying                        Wang Xiuhong

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                       127
ZTE CORPORATION




Consolidated Income Statement
2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000



                                                                    Note V            2025             2024
  Operating revenue                                                  43        133,895,460       121,298,752
  Less: Operating costs                                              43         93,391,318        75,311,066
         Taxes and surcharges                                        44          1,090,435         1,175,971
         Selling and distribution costs                              45          9,223,495         8,900,503
         Administrative expenses                                     46          4,219,760         4,477,021
         Research and development costs                              47         22,754,978        24,031,499
         Finance costs                                               49           (226,654)         (264,570)
         Including: Interest expense                                             3,744,052         3,447,022
                    Interest income                                              4,346,036         4,398,326
  Add: Other income                                                  50          2,886,845         2,932,725
        Investment income                                            51            452,568           112,394
        Including: Gains from investment in associates and
                      joint ventures                                               373,113           160,687
                    Losses from derecognition of financial assets
                      at amortised cost                                           (342,541)         (341,549)
        Gains from changes in fair values                            52            101,600          (625,131)
        Credit impairment losses                                     53            101,296            92,454
        Asset impairment losses                                      54           (627,661)         (933,182)
        Gains from asset disposal                                    55              5,033            95,659
  Operating profit                                                               6,361,809         9,342,181
  Add: Non-operating income                                          56            200,729            76,279
  Less: Non-operating expenses                                       56            259,671           188,855
  Total profit                                                                   6,302,867         9,229,605
  Less: Income tax                                                   57            737,794           873,992
  Net profit                                                                     5,565,073         8,355,613
  Analysed by continuity of operations
    Net profit from continuing operations                                        5,565,073         8,355,613
  Analysed by ownership
    Holders of ordinary shares of the parent                                     5,617,745         8,424,792
    Non-controlling interests                                                      (52,672)          (69,179)
  Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                          (207,929)         (265,303)
  Other comprehensive income attributable to holders of
    ordinary shares of the parent company, net of tax                39           (207,649)         (265,566)
  Other comprehensive income that cannot be reclassified to
    profit or loss
    Change arising from the re-measurement of defined benefit
      plans                                                                          7,154            (3,358)
                                                                                     7,154            (3,358)
  Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to
    profit or loss
    Effective portion of hedge instruments                                           (4,295)             598
    Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
      and others                                                                  (210,508)         (262,806)
                                                                                  (214,803)         (262,208)
  Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling
    interests, net of tax                                                             (280)              263
  Total comprehensive income                                                     5,357,144         8,090,310
  Attributable to:
    Holders of ordinary shares of the parent                                     5,410,096         8,159,226
      Non-controlling interests                                                    (52,952)          (68,916)
  Earnings per share (RMB/share)
    Basic                                                            58           RMB1.17          RMB1.76
      Diluted                                                        58           RMB1.16          RMB1.76

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




128
                                                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                                                                                              Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                                                                                                    (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   RMB’000



                                                                                                                                               2025

                                                                                               Equity attributable to holders of ordinary shares of the parent

                                                                                                                    Other                                                                                            Non-             Total
                                                                            Other equity            Capital comprehensive               Surplus              Special          Retained                         controlling    shareholders’
                                                            Share capital   instruments             reserve       income                reserve              reserve            profits         Sub-total        interests           equity

 I.     Previous year’s closing balance                        4,783,535              —          27,476,099        (2,465,531)         3,053,523              88,214        39,872,643         72,808,483         301,799        73,110,282
 II.    Changes during the year
        (I)    Total comprehensive income                              —              —                  —          (207,649)                 —                   —          5,617,745          5,410,096          (52,952)       5,357,144
        (II)   Shareholder’s capital injection and
               capital reduction
               1. Ordinary share injection from
                        shareholders                                   —              —                  —                 —                  —                   —                  —                   —              —                 —
               2. Equity settled payments charged
                        to equity                                      —              —                  —                 —                  —                   —                  —                   —              —                 —
               3. Acquisition of non-controlling interest              —              —                  —                 —                  —                   —                  —                   —              —                 —
               4. Disposal of subsidiaries                             —              —                  —                 —                  —                   —                  —                   —              —                 —
               5. Others                                               —        126,956              (1,671)               —                  —                   —                  —            125,285               —           125,285
        (III)  Profit appropriation
               1. Allocation to surplus reserve                        —              —                  —                 —                  —                   —                  —                   —              —                 —
               2. Distribution to shareholders                         —              —                  —                 —                  —                   —          (2,951,441)       (2,951,441)         (33,207)       (2,984,648)
        (IV)   Special reserve
               1. Allocated for the year                               —              —                  —                 —                  —              104,986                 —            104,986               —           104,986
               2. Utilised for the year                                —              —                  —                 —                  —              (71,808)                —            (71,808)              —           (71,808)

 III.   Current year’s closing balance                         4,783,535        126,956          27,474,428        (2,673,180)         3,053,523             121,392        42,538,947         75,425,601         215,640        75,641,241



                                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                       Equity attributable to holders of ordinary shares of the parent
                                                                                                  Other                                                                                                            Non-               Total
                                                                                          comprehensive                                                                 Retained                             controlling      shareholders’
                                                            Share capital Capital reserve       income Surplus reserve Special reserve                                    profits           Sub-total          interests             equity
 I.     Previous year’s closing balance                        4,783,252       27,603,291            (2,199,965)         3,053,382                  53,394         34,714,953              68,008,307          323,138          68,331,445
 II.    Changes during the year
        (I)   Total comprehensive income                                —                  —           (265,566)                  —                     —              8,424,792            8,159,226           (68,916)         8,090,310
        (II) Shareholder’s capital injection and
              capital reduction
              1. Ordinary share injection from
                      shareholders                                    283         (122,932)                    —                  —                     —                     —              (122,649)         126,666                4,017
              2. Equity settled payments charged
                      to equity                                         —           (3,251)                    —                  —                     —                     —                (3,251)               —               (3,251)
              3. Acquisition of non-controlling
                      interest                                          —           (1,009)                    —                  —                     —                     —                (1,009)           (7,261)             (8,270)
              4. Disposal of subsidiaries                               —               —                      —                  —                     —                     —                    —                 —                   —
              5. Others                                                 —               —                      —                  —                     —                     —                    —                 —                   —
        (III) Profit appropriation
              1. Allocation to surplus reserve                          —                  —                   —                 141                    —                 (141)                    —                 —                  —
              2. Distribution to shareholders                           —                  —                   —                  —                     —           (3,266,961)            (3,266,961)          (71,828)        (3,338,789)
        (IV) Special reserve
              1. Allocated for the year                                 —                  —                   —                  —                105,418                    —              105,418                 —             105,418
              2. Utilised for the year                                  —                  —                   —                  —                (70,598)                   —              (70,598)                —             (70,598)
 III.   Current year’s closing balance                         4,783,535       27,476,099            (2,465,531)         3,053,523                  88,214         39,872,643              72,808,483          301,799          73,110,282


The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       129
ZTE CORPORATION




Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000



                                                                         Note V         2025           2024
  I.     Cash flows from operating activities
         Cash received from sale of goods or rendering of services                147,449,391    127,930,762
         Refunds of taxes                                                           7,707,959      5,320,200
         Other cash received in relation to operating activities                    8,092,795      6,563,537
         Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                      163,250,145    139,814,499
         Cash paid for goods and services                                         106,874,061     75,666,643
         Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                   29,243,674     28,935,061
         Cash paid for various types of taxes                                       7,648,357      8,047,637
         Other cash paid in relation to operating activities                       15,565,307     15,685,314
         Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities                     159,331,399    128,334,655
         Net cash flows from operating activities                         59        3,918,746     11,479,844
  II.    Cash flows from investing activities
         Cash received from sale of investments                                    99,479,123     80,388,840
         Cash received from return on investment                                    1,995,536      1,986,934
         Net cash received from the disposal of property, plant
           and equipment, intangible assets and other long-term
           assets                                                                      77,229        535,436
         Net cash received from the disposal of subsidiaries and
           other operating units                                                           —              —
         Other cash received in relation to investing activities          59               —         105,749
         Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                      101,551,888     83,016,959
         Cash paid for acquisition of property, plant and
           equipment, intangible assets and other long-term
           assets                                                                   3,892,988      4,014,730
         Cash paid for acquisition of investments                                 104,535,131    107,674,648
         Net cash paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries and
           other business units                                                            —              —
         Other cash paid in relation to investing activities                               —              —
         Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities                     108,428,119    111,689,378
         Net cash flows from investing activities                                  (6,876,231)   (28,672,419)
  III.   Cash flows from financing activities
         Cash received from capital injection                                              —         374,322
         Including: Capital injection into subsidiaries by minority
                       shareholders                                                        —         364,555
         Cash received from borrowings                                             72,831,010    190,217,674
         Other cash received in relation to financing activities          59            2,855             —
         Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                       72,833,865    190,591,996
         Cash repayment of borrowings                                              67,357,616    190,470,434
         Cash payments for distribution of dividends, profits and
           for interest expenses                                                    4,368,138      5,419,138
         Including: Distribution of dividends, profits by subsidiaries
                       to minority shareholders                                        28,877        145,407
         Other cash paid in relation to financing activities              59          578,068        520,799
         Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                      72,303,822    196,410,371
         Net cash flows from financing activities                                     530,043     (5,818,375)
  IV.    Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate on cash
         and cash equivalents                                                        (116,575)        24,200
  V.     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      (2,544,017)   (22,986,750)
         Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
           beginning of the year                                                   28,026,417     51,013,167
  VI.    Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end
           of the year                                                    59       25,482,400     28,026,417

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




130
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                 Balance Sheet
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                              Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                    (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                   RMB’000



                                                                             31 December             31 December
 Assets                                                         Note XV             2025                    2024
 Current assets
  Currency cash                                                     1           20,157,122               27,683,894
  Trading financial assets                                                      17,352,525               13,684,626
  Derivative financial assets                                                      229,125                  170,471
  Trade receivables                                                 2           44,303,372               35,851,072
  Factored trade receivable                                                          9,070                    6,498
  Receivable financing                                                           2,423,862                4,032,164
  Prepayments                                                                       50,348                   45,130
  Other receivables                                                 3           33,711,594               33,183,991
  Inventories                                                                   16,850,693               15,376,654
  Contract assets                                                                2,594,216                3,077,266
  Non-current assets due within one year                                                —                     3,081
  Other current assets                                                           3,684,282                2,347,996
 Total current assets                                                          141,366,209             135,462,843
 Non-current assets
  Debt investment                                                               22,239,348               12,768,949
  Long-term receivables                                             4            3,996,767                3,682,681
  Factored long-term receivables                                                     3,628                    8,664
  Investment in associates, joints and subsidiaries                 5           19,136,136               18,317,291
  Other non-current financial assets                                             1,736,221                  650,001
  Property, plant and equipment                                                  5,260,455                5,674,552
  Construction in progress                                                         381,304                  338,098
  Right-of-use assets                                                              474,301                  975,283
  Intangible assets                                                              2,187,369                2,357,285
  Development costs                                                                420,844                  341,722
  Deferred tax assets                                                            2,543,299                1,825,573
  Other non-current assets                                                       4,557,307                4,627,124
 Total non-current assets                                                       62,936,979               51,567,223
 TOTAL ASSETS                                                                  204,303,188             187,030,066

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                       131
ZTE CORPORATION




Balance Sheet
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000



                                                                                  31 December    31 December
  Liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                  Note XV          2025           2024
  Current liabilities
   Short-term loans                                                                         —       2,690,394
   Bank advances on factored trade receivables                                           9,070          6,498
   Derivative financial liabilities                                                    151,713        173,045
   Bills payable                                                                    14,984,696     15,167,898
   Trade payables                                                                   47,231,428     36,840,535
   Contract liabilities                                                             12,913,242     10,929,399
   Employee benefits payable                                                         7,602,792      9,861,785
   Taxes payable                                                                       112,792        148,754
   Other payables                                                                    8,996,237      9,835,567
   Provisions                                                                          554,110        679,084
   Non-current liabilities due within one year                                       4,982,861      4,085,673
  Total current liabilities                                                         97,538,941     90,418,632
  Non-current liabilities
   Long-term loans                                                                  31,857,556     28,855,124
   Bank advances on factored long-term trade receivables                                 3,628          8,664
   Bonds payable                                                                     7,809,677      1,004,880
   Lease liabilities                                                                   306,496        600,761
   Long-term employee benefits payable                                                 141,685        153,647
   Deferred income                                                                     166,588        173,536
   Other non-current liabilities                                                     1,989,766      1,970,166
  Total non-current liabilities                                                     42,275,396     32,766,778
  TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                139,814,337    123,185,410
  Shareholder’s equity
    Share capital                                                                    4,783,535      4,783,535
    Other equity instruments                                                           126,956             —
    Capital reserve                                                                 27,328,685     27,330,356
    Other comprehensive income                                                         408,601        411,851
    Special reserve                                                                     83,893         56,441
    Surplus reserve                                                                  2,391,767      2,391,767
    Retained profits                                                                29,365,414     28,870,706
      Shareholders’ equity attributable to holders of ordinary shares               64,488,851     63,844,656
  Total shareholders’ equity                                                        64,488,851     63,844,656
  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                       204,303,188    187,030,066

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




132
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                        Income Statement
                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                              Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                    (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                   RMB’000



                                                                 Note XV               2025                       2024
 Operating revenue                                                  6          140,405,290             132,283,555
 Less: Operating costs                                              6          123,698,983             111,215,518
       Taxes and surcharges                                                        264,380                 311,705
       Selling and distribution costs                                            6,777,737               6,171,831
       Administrative expenses                                                   3,027,084               3,510,027
       Research and development costs                                            6,119,632               7,959,031
       Finance costs                                                               (75,054)               (235,330)
       Including: Interest expense                                               1,709,618               1,681,902
                  Interest income                                                2,110,309               2,375,655
 Add: Other income                                                                  79,804                 528,794
      Investment income                                             7            1,951,460               3,190,121
      Including: Gains from investment in associates and
                    joint ventures                                                 371,466                   151,210
                 Losses from derecognition of financial assets
                    at amortised cost                                             (245,845)                  (206,286)
      Gains from changes in fair values                                            122,028                     (67,455)
      Credit impairment losses                                                      (6,491)                     53,473
      Asset impairment losses                                                     (267,967)                  (262,606)
      Gains from asset disposal                                                        406                      81,973
 Operating profit                                                                2,471,768                 6,875,073
 Add: Non-operating income                                                         771,915                    21,302
 Less: Non-operating expenses                                                       45,808                    15,621
 Total profit                                                                    3,197,875                 6,880,754
 Less: Income tax                                                                 (248,274)                  (35,886)
 Net profit                                                                      3,446,149                 6,916,640
   Including: net profit from continuing operations                              3,446,149                 6,916,640
 Analysed by ownership
   Attributable to holders of ordinary shares                                    3,446,149                 6,916,640
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                             (3,250)                 (356,288)
 Other comprehensive income that cannot be reclassified to
   profit and loss
   Change arising from the re-measurement of defined
     benefit plans                                                                    7,154                     (3,358)
 Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to
   profit and loss
   Effective portion of hedge instruments                                            (4,295)                        598
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
     and others                                                                      (6,109)                 (353,528)
 Total comprehensive profit                                                      3,442,899                 6,560,352
 Attributable to:
   Holders of ordinary shares                                                    3,442,899                 6,560,352

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                       133
ZTE CORPORATION




Statement of Changes in Equity
2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000



                                                                                                                             2025
                                                                                                                                                                           Total equity of
                                                                          Other                           Other                                                                holders of                Total
                                                       Share              equity          Capital comprehensive                  Surplus         Special         Retained         ordinary       shareholders’
                                                      capital       instruments           reserve       income                   reserve         reserve           profits         shares               equity
  I.     Closing balance of previous year           4,783,535                —          27,330,356          411,851          2,391,767            56,441        28,870,706      63,844,656          63,844,656
  II.    Changes during the year
         (I) Total comprehensive income                    —                 —                  —            (3,250)                  —               —          3,446,149        3,442,899          3,442,899
         (II) Shareholder’s capital injection and
               capital reduction
               1. Ordinary share injection from
                   shareholders                            —                 —                  —                —                    —               —                   —                  —              —
               2. Equity settled payments charged
                   to equity                               —                 —                  —                —                    —               —                   —                  —              —
               3. Others                                   —            126,956             (1,671)              —                    —               —                   —         125,285           125,285
         (III) Profit appropriation
               1. Allocation to surplus reserve            —                 —                  —                —                    —               —                   —                  —              —
               2. Distribution to shareholders             —                 —                  —                —                    —               —         (2,951,441)      (2,951,441)        (2,951,441)
         (IV) Special reserve
               1. Allocated for the year                   —                 —                  —                —                    —           71,158                  —          71,158             71,158
               2. Utilised for the year                    —                 —                  —                —                    —          (43,706)                 —         (43,706)           (43,706)
  III. Current year’s closing balance               4,783,535           126,956         27,328,685          408,601          2,391,767            83,893        29,365,414      64,488,851          64,488,851


                                                                                                                             2024
                                                                                                  Other                                                                    Total equity of               Total
                                                          Share              Capital      comprehensive                Surplus             Special            Retained         holders of        shareholders’
                                                         capital             reserve            income                 reserve             reserve              profits   ordinary shares               equity
  I.     Closing balance of previous year             4,783,252           27,685,429             768,139          2,391,626                37,173           25,221,168        60,886,787            60,886,787
  II.    Changes during the year
         (I) Total comprehensive income                         —                  —            (356,288)                  —                    —            6,916,640         6,560,352             6,560,352
         (II) Shareholder’s capital injection and
               capital reduction
               1. Ordinary share injection from
                   shareholders                             283             (351,822)                 —                    —                    —                   —            (351,539)            (351,539)
               2. Equity settled payments charged
                   to equity                                    —             (3,251)                 —                    —                    —                   —              (3,251)              (3,251)
               3. Others                                        —                 —                   —                    —                    —                   —                  —                    —
         (III) Profit appropriation
               1. Allocation to surplus reserve                 —                  —                  —                   141                   —                 (141)                —                    —
               2. Distribution to shareholders                  —                  —                  —                    —                    —           (3,266,961)        (3,266,961)          (3,266,961)
         (IV) Special reserve
               1. Allocated for the year                        —                  —                  —                    —                72,476                  —              72,476               72,476
               2. Utilised for the year                         —                  —                  —                    —               (53,208)                 —             (53,208)             (53,208)
  III.   Current year’s closing balance               4,783,535           27,330,356             411,851          2,391,767                56,441           28,870,706        63,844,656            63,844,656


The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




134
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                     Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                              Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                    (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                   RMB’000



                                                                                       2025                       2024
 I.     Cash flows from operating activities
        Cash received from sale of goods or rendering of services              148,730,856             143,483,240
        Refunds of taxes                                                         4,166,590               2,996,371
        Other cash received in relation to operating activities                  1,315,631               1,851,106
        Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                    154,213,077             148,330,717
        Cash paid for goods and services                                       136,504,017             125,183,627
        Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                  8,511,642               8,920,749
        Cash paid for various types of taxes                                     1,176,995               1,222,116
        Other cash paid in relation to operating activities                      8,089,568               7,772,818
        Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities                   154,282,222             143,099,310
        Net cash flows from operating activities                                   (69,145)                5,231,407
 II.    Cash flows from investing activities
        Cash received from sale of investments                                  94,669,331               72,122,610
        Cash received from return on investments                                 3,424,637                5,967,459
        Net cash received from the disposal of property, plant and
          equipment, intangible assets and other long-term assets                  815,539                   509,058
        Other cash received in relation to investing activities                  2,271,643                 7,029,258
        Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                    101,181,150               85,628,385
        Cash paid to acquisition of property, plant and equipment,
          intangible assets and other long-term assets                           1,541,629                1,593,290
        Cash paid for acquisition of investments                               102,554,284               86,662,711
        Net cash paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries and
          other business units                                                          —                         —
        Other cash paid in relation to investing activities                      2,499,435                 7,126,924
        Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities                   106,595,348               95,382,925
        Net cash flows from investing activities                                (5,414,198)               (9,754,540)
 III.   Cash flows from financing activities
        Cash received from investment                                                   —                     9,766
        Cash received from borrowings                                           58,044,991               87,558,704
        Other cash received in relation to financing activities                 13,801,977                2,549,916
        Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                     71,846,968               90,118,386
        Cash repayment of borrowings                                            50,055,017               99,573,530
        Cash payments for distribution of dividends and profits or
          for interest expenses                                                  3,891,835                 4,596,977
        Other cash paid in relation to financing activities                     13,613,021                 2,780,146
        Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                    67,559,873             106,950,653
        Net cash flows from financing activities                                 4,287,095              (16,832,267)
 IV.    Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate on cash and cash
        equivalents                                                                (67,708)                    96,057
 V.     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    (1,263,956)             (21,259,343)
        Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
          the year                                                              15,604,627               36,863,970
 VI.    Balance of cash and cash equivalents
        at the end of the year                                                  14,340,671               15,604,627

The notes to the financial statements appended hereto form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                       135
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


I.      CORPORATE BACKGROUND

        ZTE Corporation (the “Company”) was a joint stock limited liability company incorporated in Guangdong
        Province, the People’s Republic of China. The Company’s A shares were listed on the main board of the
        Shenzhen Stock Exchange following an initial public offering in November 1997. It became the first A share
        company to be listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange following an initial public
        offering of H shares in December 2004.

        The Company is a world-leading provider of integrated information and communication technology (“ICT”)
        solutions with a full range of end-to-end ICT products and solutions integrating design, development,
        production, sales and services with a special focus on carriers’ networks, government and corporate
        business and consumer business.

        The controlling shareholder and ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group is Zhongxingxin Telecom
        Company Limited, a company incorporated in the PRC.

        The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company by way of resolution on
        6 March 2026.

II.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the “Accounting Standards for Business
        Enterprises — Basic Standards” promulgated by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC and the specific
        accounting standards, interpretations and other relevant regulations subsequently announced and revised
        (collectively “ASBEs”). In addition, these financial statements have also presented financial information
        disclosure in accordance with “Rules for the Preparation of Information Disclosure by Companies with
        Publicly Issued Securities No. 15 — General Provisions for Financial Reporting”.

        The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.

III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

        The specific accounting policies and accounting estimation prepared by the Group based on actual
        production and operation characteristics mainly include provisions for trade receivables and bad debts,
        inventory pricing, inventory provision for impairment, government grants, revenue recognition and
        measurement, deferred development costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortisation of
        intangible assets and measurement of investment properties, among others.

        1.      Statement of compliance

                The financial statements represent a true and complete reflection of the financial position of the
                Company and the Group as at 31 December 2025 and their results of operations and cash flows for
                2025 in compliance with the requirements of ASBEs.

        2.      Accounting period

                The accounting period of the Group is based on the calendar year, namely, from 1 January to 31
                December.

        3.      Reporting currency

                The Company’s reporting currency and the currency used in preparing the financial statements were
                Renminbi. The amounts in the financial statements were denominated in thousands of Renminbi,
                unless otherwise stated.

                The Group’s subsidiaries, jointly-controlled entities and associates determine their reporting currency
                according to the major economic environment in which they operate the business, and translate their
                accounts into Renminbi when preparing the financial statements.




136
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                 Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                       (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                      RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       4.   Methods for determining criteria of materiality and bases for election adopted in the disclosure
            of financial statements

                                                       Criteria of materiality
             Material receivables for which bad debt Individual provision amount accounting for more than 10%
               provision is made individually           of the total amount of bad debt provision for various
                                                        receivables and with an amount exceeding RMB100
                                                        million
             Material bad debt provision for          Individual amount recovered or reversed accounting for
               receivables recovered or reversed        more than 10% of the total amount of various
                                                        receivables and with an amount exceeding RMB100
                                                        million
             Effective write-off of material          Individual write-off amount accounting for more than 10%
               receivables                              of the total amount of bad debt provision for receivables
                                                        and with an amount exceeding RMB100 million
             Material change to carrying value of     Individual amount of change accounting for 30% of the
               contract assets                          opening balance of contract assets
             Material debt investment                 Individual item accounting for more than 5% of the
                                                        Group’s net assets and with an amount exceeding
                                                        RMB1,000 million
             Material contract liabilities aged over  Individual item accounting for 10% of the total amount of
               one year                                 contract liabilities aged over 1 year and with an amount
                                                        exceeding RMB100 million
             Material change in carrying value of     Change in carrying value of contract liabilities representing
               contract liabilities                     more than 30% of the opening balance of contract
                                                        liabilities
             Material trade payables and other        Individual item accounting for 10% of the total amount of
               payables                                 trade payables/other payables aged over 1 year and with
                                                        an amount exceeding RMB100 million
             Material construction in progress        Individual item with a budget amount exceeding RMB500
                                                        million
             Material provisions                      Individual provision item accounting for more than 10% of
                                                        the total amount of provision and with an amount
                                                        exceeding RMB300 million
             Subsidiary with material non-controlling Net assets of the subsidiary accounting for more than 5%
               interest                                 of the Group’s net assets or non-controlling interests in
                                                        an individual subsidiary accounting for more than 1% of
                                                        the Group’s net assets and with an amount exceeding
                                                        RMB1,000 million
             Material capitalized R&D project         Closing balance of individual project accounting for more
                                                        than 10% of closing balance of development
                                                        expenditure and with an amount exceeding RMB500
                                                        million
             Material research project in progress    Individual project accounting for more than 10% of the
               externally acquired                      total amount of R&D investment
             Material change to contract              Varied/adjusted amount accounting for 30% or more of the
                                                        original contract amount and accounting for 1% or more
                                                        of the total amount of income for the year under review




                                                                                                                          137
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        4.      Methods for determining criteria of materiality and bases for election adopted in the disclosure
                of financial statements (continued)

                                                              Criteria of materiality
                  Material investing activities               Individual investing activity accounting for more than 10%
                                                                of the total amount of cash inflow or outflow received or
                                                                paid in relation to investing activities and with an amount
                                                                exceeding RMB1,000 million
                  Material joint ventures or associates       Carrying value of long-term investment in an individual
                                                                investee accounting for more than 5% of the Group’s
                                                                net assets and with an amount exceeding RMB1,000
                                                                million, or investment income or loss of long-term equity
                                                                investment under equity method exceeding 10% of the
                                                                Group’s consolidated net profit
                  Material subsidiaries                       Net assets of subsidiary accounting for more than 5% of
                                                                the Group’s net assets or net profit of subsidiary
                                                                accounting for more than 10% of the Group’s
                                                                consolidated net profit
                  Material activities not involving current   Activities not involving current cash income and
                   cash income and expenditure                  expenditure and having effect on current statements of
                                                                more than 10% of net assets or expected to have an
                                                                impact on future cashflow of more than 10% of
                                                                corresponding total cash inflow or outflow

        5.      Business combination

                Business combinations are classified into business combinations involving entities under common
                control and business combinations not involving entities under common control.

                A business combination involving entities under common control is a business combination in which
                all of the combining entities are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and
                after the business combination, and that control is not transitory. Assets and liabilities obtained by
                combining party in the business combination involving entities under common control (including
                goodwill arising from the acquisition of the merged party by the ultimate controller) are recognised on
                the basis of their carrying amounts at the combination date recorded on the financial statements of
                the ultimate controlling party. The difference between the carrying amount of the consideration paid
                for the combination (or aggregate face values of the shares issued) and the carrying amount of the
                net assets obtained is adjusted to capital reserves. If the capital reserve is not sufficient to absorb
                the difference, any excess is adjusted to retained profits.

                A business combination not involving entities under common control is a business combination in
                which all of the combining entities are not ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both
                before and after the business combination. The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
                liabilities are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the combination
                cost over the share of the attributable net identifiable assets of the acquiree, measured at fair value,
                was recognised as goodwill, which is subsequently measured at cost less cumulative impairment loss.
                In case the combination cost is less than the fair value of the share of the attributable net identifiable
                assets of the acquiree, a review of the measurement of the fair values of the identifiable assets,
                liabilities and contingent liabilities and the combination cost is conducted. If the review indicates that
                the combination cost is indeed less than the fair value of the share of the attributable net identifiable
                assets of the acquiree, the difference is recognised in current profit or loss.




138
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                     Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                           (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       6.   Consolidated financial statements

            The consolidation scope for consolidated financial statement is determined based on the concept of
            control, including the Company and all subsidiaries’ financial statements are those enterprises or
            entities which the Company has control over (including enterprises, separable components of investee
            units and structured entities controlled by the Company). An investor is considered having control
            over the investee if, and only if, the following three factors are present: the investor: exercises power
            over the investee; is entitled to realisable return for participation in relevant activities of the investee;
            is capable of exercising power over the investee in a manner affecting the amount of its return.

            Where the accounting policies or accounting periods of subsidiaries are inconsistent with those
            adopted by the Company, the financial statements of the subsidiaries are adjusted as necessary to
            conform with the Company’s accounting policies and accounting period. All assets, liabilities,
            equities, income, costs and cash flows arising from intercompany transactions are eliminated on
            consolidation.

            The excess of current loss attributable to minority shareholders of a subsidiary over their entitlements
            to the opening balance of shareholders’ equity shall be charged to minority interests.

            For subsidiaries obtained through a business combination not involving entities under common
            control, the operating results and cash flows of the acquirees will be recognised in consolidated
            financial statements from the date the Group effectively obtains the control until the date that control
            is terminated. When consolidated financial statement is prepared, the subsidiaries’ financial
            statements will be adjusted based on the fair values of the identifiable assets, liabilities and
            contingent liabilities at the acquisition date.

            For subsidiaries obtained through a business combination involving entities under common control,
            the operating result and cash flow of the party being combined will be recognised in consolidated
            financial statement from the beginning of the period during which the combination occurs. In
            preparing the comparative consolidated financial statements, adjustments were made to relevant items
            in financial statements in previous periods as if the reporting entity formed after the consolidation had
            been in existence since the ultimate controlling party started to exercise effective control.

            In the event of the change in one or more elements of control as a result of changes in relevant facts
            and conditions, the Group reassesses whether it has control over the investee.

            Change in non-controlling interest without loss of control is accounted for as equity transaction.

       7.   Classification of joint venture arrangements and joint operation

            Joint venture arrangements are in the form of joint operation or joint venture enterprise. A joint
            operation is a joint venture arrangement under which the joint venture parties are entitled to assets
            and undertake liabilities under the arrangement. A joint venture enterprise is a joint venture
            arrangement under which the joint venture parties are only entitled to the net assets under such
            arrangement.

            The following items should be recognised by a joint venture party in relation to its share of profit in
            the joint operation: solely held assets, as well as jointly held assets according to its share; solely
            assumed liabilities, as well as jointly assumed liabilities according to its share; income derived from
            its entitled share of production of the joint operation; income derived from the sales of production of
            production of the joint operation according to its share; solely incurred expenses, as well as
            expenses incurred by the joint operation according to its share.




                                                                                                                              139
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        8.      Cash and cash equivalents

                Cash comprises cash on hand and deposits readily available for payments. Cash equivalents
                represent short-term highly liquid investments which are readily convertible to known amounts of
                cash, and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

        9.      Foreign currency translation

                For foreign currency transactions, the Group translates the foreign currency into its functional
                currency.

                Upon initial recognition, foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using
                the spot exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. At the balance sheet date, foreign
                currency monetary items are translated using the spot exchange rate at the balance sheet date. The
                translation differences arising from the settlement and foreign currency monetary items, except those
                relating to foreign loans for asset acquisition or construction eligible for the capitalisation which shall
                be dealt with according to the principle of capitalisation of borrowing costs, are recognised in current
                profit or loss. Foreign currency non-monetary items measured at historical cost continue to be
                translated using the exchange rate at initial recognition without changing the carrying amount in
                functional currency. Foreign currency non-monetary items measured at fair value are translated using
                the spot exchange rate at the record date for the fair value. The differences arising from the above
                translations are recognised in current profit or loss or other comprehensive income according to the
                nature of the non-monetary items.

                The Group translates the functional currencies of foreign operations into Renminbi when preparing the
                financial statements. Asset and liability items in the balance sheet are translated at the spot
                exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. Shareholders’ equity items, except for retained
                profits, are translated at the spot exchange rates at the date when such items arose. Income and
                expense items in the income statement are translated using the average exchange rate for the
                periods when transactions occur (unless the adoption of such exchange rate is considered
                inappropriate owing to exchange rate fluctuations, in which case the spot exchange rate prevailing on
                the date of transaction shall be adopted). Translation differences arising from the aforesaid translation
                of financial statements denominated in foreign currency shall be recognised as other comprehensive
                income. When foreign operations are disposed, other comprehensive income relating to the foreign
                operation is transferred to current profit or loss. Partial disposal shall be recognized on a pro-rata
                basis.

                Cash flows denominated in foreign currencies and foreign subsidiaries’ cash flows are translated
                using the average exchange rate for the period when cash flows occur (unless the adoption of such
                exchange rate is considered inappropriate owing to exchange rate fluctuations, in which case the
                spot exchange rate prevailing on the date on which the cash flow is incurred shall be adopted). The
                impact on cash by the fluctuation of exchange rates is presented as a separate line item of
                reconciliation in the cash flow statement.




140
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                        Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                              (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                             RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       10.   Financial instruments

             Financial instruments refer to the contracts which give rise to a financial asset in one entity and a
             financial liability or equity instrument in another entity.

             (1)   Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

                   The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the
                   contractual provisions of the financial instrument.

                   A financial asset (or part of it, or a part of a group of similar financial asset) is derecognised
                   when one of the following criteria is met, that is, when a financial asset is written off from its
                   balance sheet:

                   (1)   The right of receiving the cash flow generated from the financial asset has expired;

                   (2)   The right of receiving cash flow generated by the financial assets is transferred, or an
                         obligation of paying the full amount of cash flow received to third parties in a timely
                         manner has been undertaken under “pass-through” agreements, where substantially all
                         risks and rewards of the ownership of such type of financial assets have been transferred,
                         or control over such type of financial assets has not been retained even though not
                         substantially all risks and rewards of the ownership of such type of financial assets have
                         been transferred or retained.

                   If the obligation of financial liability has been fulfilled, cancelled or expired, the financial liability
                   is derecognised. If the present financial liability is substituted by the same debtor with another
                   liability with substantially different terms or the terms of the present liability have been
                   substantially modified, such substitution or modification is treated as derecognition of a present
                   liability and recognition of a new liability with any arising differences recognized in profit or loss.

                   Conventional dealings in financial assets are recognised or derecognised under the trade day
                   accounting method. Conventional dealings refer to the purchase or sale of financial assets in
                   accordance with contracts which stipulates the delivery of financial assets within periods
                   customarily determined by the law or according to market practices. The trade day is the date
                   on which the Group undertakes to buy or sell a financial asset.

             (2)   Classification and measurement of financial assets

                   At initial recognition, the Group classifies its financial assets into: financial assets at amortised
                   cost, or financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets
                   at fair value through profit or loss according to the Group’s business model for managing
                   financial assets and the contract cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. Such financial
                   assets will only be reclassified if the Group modifies its business model for managing financial
                   assets, to the extent the said financial assets are affected.

                   Financial assets are measured at fair value at initial recognition, provided that trade receivables
                   or bills receivable arising from sale of goods or services and not containing significant financing
                   components or for which financing components of not more than one year are not taken into
                   consideration shall be measured at their transaction prices at initial recognition. For financial
                   assets at fair value through profit or loss, the relevant transaction costs are directly recognised
                   in profit or loss; for other financial assets, the relevant transaction costs are recognised in their
                   initial recognition amount.




                                                                                                                                 141
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        10.     Financial instruments (continued)

                (2)     Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                        The subsequent measurement of financial assets is dependent on its classification:

                        i.      Debt instruments at amortised cost

                                Financial assets fulfilling all of the following conditions are classified as financial assets at
                                amortised cost: the objective of the Group’s business management model in respect of
                                such type of financial assets is to generate contract cash flow; the contract terms of such
                                type of financial assets provide that cash flow generated on specific dates represents
                                interest payment in relation to principal amounts based on outstanding principal amounts
                                only. Interest income from such type of financial assets are recognised using the effective
                                interest rate method, and any profit or loss arising from derecognition, amendments or
                                impairment shall be charged to current profit or loss. Such type of financial assets
                                includes mainly currency cash, trade receivables, factored trade receivables, other
                                receivables and long-term receivables.

                        ii.     Debt instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                Financial assets fulfilling all of the following conditions are classified as financial assets at
                                fair value through other comprehensive income: the objective of the Group’s business
                                management model in respect of such type of financial assets is both to generate
                                contract cash flow and to sell such type of financial assets; the contract terms of such
                                type of financial assets provide that cash flow generated on specific dates represents
                                interest payment in relation to principal amounts based on outstanding principal amounts
                                only. Interest income from this type of financial assets are recognised using the effective
                                interest rate method. Other than interest income, impairment loss and exchange
                                differences which shall be recognised as current profit or loss, other fair value changes
                                shall be included in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition of the financial
                                assets, the cumulative gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive income
                                shall be transferred from other comprehensive income to current profit or loss. Such type
                                of financial assets shall be classified as receivable financing.

                        iii.    Financial assets at fair value through current profit or loss

                                Other than financial assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value
                                through other comprehensive income as aforementioned, all financial assets are classified
                                as financial assets at fair value through current profit or loss, which are subsequently
                                measured at fair value, other than those relating to hedge accounting, and any changes of
                                which are recognised in current profit or loss.

                                Financial assets may only be designated as financial assets at fair value through current
                                profit or loss at initial measurement if such designation at initial recognition can eliminate
                                or significantly reduce accounting mismatch.

                                A financial asset which has been designated as financial asset at fair value through
                                current profit or loss upon initial recognition cannot be reclassified as other types of
                                financial assets; neither can other types of financial assets be redesignated, after initial
                                recognition, as financial assets at fair value through current profit or loss.




142
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                            Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                  (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       10.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (3)   Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

                   Other than financial liabilities constituted by financial guarantee contracts in force, loan pledge
                   granted at interest rate lower than the market level, transfer of financial assets not qualifying for
                   derecognition and transferred financial assets subject to continuous involvement, the Group
                   classifies its financial liabilities at initial recognition: financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                   or loss and financial liabilities at amortised cost. For financial liabilities at fair value through
                   profit or loss, the relevant transaction costs are directly recognised in profit or loss; for financial
                   liabilities at amortised cost, the relevant transaction costs are recognised in their initial
                   recognition amount.

                   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities is dependent on its classification:

                   i.    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                         Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include trading financial liabilities
                         (comprising derivatives classified as financial liabilities) and financial liabilities designated at
                         initial recognition to be measured at fair value through current profit or loss. Trading
                         financial liabilities (comprising derivatives classified as financial liabilities) are subsequently
                         measured at fair value and all changes, other than those relating to hedge accounting, are
                         recognised in current period’s profit or loss. Financial liabilities at fair value through
                         current profit or loss are subsequently measured at fair value. Other than fair value
                         changes arising from the change in the Group’s inherent credit risk which are included in
                         other comprehensive income, other fair value changes are included in current profit or
                         loss. If the inclusion of fair value changes arising from the change in the Group’s inherent
                         credit risk in other comprehensive income will result in or increase the accounting
                         mismatch in profit or loss, the Group will include all fair value changes (including amounts
                         arising from change in its inherent credit risk) in current profit or loss.

                         Financial liabilities may only be designated as financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                         or loss at initial measurement if such financial liabilities meet one of the following
                         conditions at initial recognition:

                         (1)   such designation can eliminate or significantly reduce accounting mismatch;

                         (2)   it has been stated in the official documentation for risk management or investment
                               strategy that such financial instrument group shall be managed, assessed and
                               reported to key management personnel on the basis of fair value;

                         (3)   they represent hybrid instruments that include one or more embedded derivatives,
                               unless the embedded derivatives do not materially change the cashflow of the hybrid
                               instrument, or it is evident that the embedded instrument should not be separated
                               from the hybrid instrument;

                         (4)   they represent hybrid instruments that include embedded instruments requiring
                               separation but which cannot be individually measured upon acquisition or at
                               subsequent balance sheet dates.

                         A financial liability which has been designated as financial liability at fair value through
                         current profit or loss upon initial recognition cannot be reclassified as other types of
                         financial liabilities; neither can other types of financial liabilities be redesignated, after initial
                         recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through current profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                     143
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        10.     Financial instruments (continued)

                (3)     Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)

                        ii.     Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                Subsequent measurement of these financial liabilities are carried at amortised cost using
                                the effective interest method.

                (4)     Impairment of financial instruments

                        Determination and accounting treatment of expected credit losses.

                        The Group performs impairment treatment on financial assets at amortised cost, debt
                        instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and contract assets based on
                        expected credit losses and recognises provision for losses.

                        For receivables, contract assets and bills receivable under other current assets that do not
                        contain significant financing components, the Group adopts a simplified measurement method to
                        measure provision for losses based on an amount equivalent to expected credit losses for the
                        entire period. For trade receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing
                        component, the Group chooses the simplified approach to measure provision for losses based
                        on an amount equivalent to expected credit losses for the entire period.

                        For financial assets other than those measured with simplified valuation methods, the Group
                        evaluates at each balance sheet date whether its credit risk has significantly increased since
                        initial recognition. The period during which credit risk has not significantly increased since initial
                        recognition is considered the first stage, at which the Group shall measure loss provision based
                        on the amount of expected credit loss for the next 12 months and shall compute interest
                        income according to the book balance and effective interest rate. The period during which
                        credit risk has significantly increased since initial recognition although no credit impairment has
                        occurred is considered the second stage, at which the Group shall measure loss provision
                        based on the amount of expected credit loss for the entire valid period and shall compute
                        interest income according to the book balance and effective interest rate. The period during
                        which credit impairment has occurred after initial recognition is considered the third stage, at
                        which the Group shall measure loss provision based on the amount of expected credit loss for
                        the entire period and shall compute interest income according to the amortised cost and
                        effective interest rate. For financial instruments with relatively low credit risk at the balance
                        sheet date, the Group assumes its credit risk has not significantly increase since initial
                        recognition.

                        For the Group’s criteria for judging whether credit risks have significantly increased, the
                        definition of assets subjected to credit impairment, please refer to Note IX.1.

                        Factors reflected in the Group’s method of measuring expected credit loss of financial
                        instruments include: unbiased weighted average amount through assessment of a range of
                        possible outcomes, currency time value, and reasonable and substantiated information on past
                        events, current conditions and projected future economic conditions obtainable at the balance
                        sheet date without undue excessive cost or effort.




144
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       10.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                   Classification of and bases for determining provision for impairment according to credit risk
                   characteristic groups

                   The Group considers the credit risk features of different customers and estimates the expected
                   credit loss of financial instruments by aging group/overdue aging group based on common risk
                   characteristics. The Group analyses the groups into aging group and overdue aging group.

                   Calculation of aging for the purpose of recognising credit risk characteristic groups based on
                   age

                   The Group determines the age of an overdue amount according to the date of payment agreed
                   in the contract.

                   Criteria for making standalone charge for the purpose of individually charged bad-debt provision
                   for impairment

                   If the credit risk characteristics of a counterparty is significantly different from other
                   counterparties in the group, loss provision in respect of the amount owed by such counterparty
                   shall be individually charged.

                   Write-off of provision for impairment

                   When the Group no longer reasonably expects to be able to fully or partially recover the
                   contract cash flow of financial assets, the Group directly writes down the book balance of such
                   financial assets.

             (5)   Offsetting of financial instruments

                   Financial assets and financial liabilities may be offset against one another and presented as a
                   net amount in the balance sheet if all of the following conditions are met:

                   (a)   there is a presently exercisable statutory right to offset recognised amount;

                   (b)   there is a plan to conduct net settlement or to realise the financial asset and settle the
                         financial liability at the same time.

             (6)   Financial guarantee contracts

                   A financial guarantee contract is a contract under which the issuer shall indemnify the contract
                   holder suffering losses with a specified amount in the event that the debtor fails to repay its
                   debt in accordance with the terms of the debt instrument. Financial guarantee contracts are
                   measured at fair value at initial recognition, other than financial guarantee contracts designated
                   as financial liabilities at fair value through current profit or loss, other financial guarantee
                   contracts shall be subsequently measured at the higher of the amount of provision for expected
                   credit loss determined as at the balance sheet date after initial recognition and the amount at
                   initial recognition less the cumulative amortised amount determined in accordance with revenue
                   recognition principles.




                                                                                                                           145
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        10.     Financial instruments (continued)

                (7)     Derivative financial instruments

                        The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as forward currency contracts. Such
                        derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a
                        derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Derivatives
                        are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is
                        negative.

                        Other than to the extent related to hedge accounting, profit or loss arising from changes in the
                        fair value of derivative instruments shall be directly recognised in current profit or loss.

                (8)     Convertible bonds

                        Upon the issuance of convertible bonds, the Group determines according to the terms of
                        issuance whether such convertible bonds contain both debt and equity components. Where
                        convertible bonds are issued with both debt and equity components, the debt component and
                        the equity component is segregated upon initial recognition and dealt with separately. Upon
                        segregation, the fair value of the debt component is first ascertained and adopted as the
                        initially recognised amount. The initially recognised amount of the equity component is then
                        determined by deducting the initially recognised amount of the debt component from the overall
                        issue price of the convertible bonds. Transaction costs are allocated between the debt
                        component and the equity component according to their respective relative fair value. The debt
                        component is presented under liabilities and subsequently measured at amortised cost until
                        cancellation, conversion or redemption of the bonds. The equity component is presented under
                        equity and shall not be subject to subsequent measurement.

        11.     Inventories

                Inventories include raw materials, materials sub-contracted for processing, work-in-progress, finished
                goods, dispatched goods, contract fulfillment cost and data resources.

                Inventories are initially recorded at costs. Inventories’ costs include purchasing costs, processing
                costs and other costs. Actual costs of goods delivered are recognised using the weighted moving
                average method or specific identification method. Turnover materials include low-value consumables
                and packaging materials, which are amortised on a one-off or 50–50 basis according to their useful
                life and value.

                Inventories are valued using the perpetual inventories stock-take system.

                Inventories at the balance sheet date are stated at the lower of cost or net realisable value. Provision
                for impairment of inventories is made and recognised in profit or loss when the net realisable value is
                lower than cost.




146
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                     Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                           (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Inventories (continued)

             Net realisable values represent estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to
             completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant tax amounts. Provision for impairment of
             inventories is made on the basis of individual items in the case of terminal products or inventory
             category in the case of non-terminal products. For inventories relating to product series manufactured
             and sold in the same region or having identical or similar end use or purpose of which separate
             measurement from other items is impracticable, provision for impairment shall be recognised on a
             combined basis.

             The net realisable value of terminal products is determined on the basis of the estimated selling
             prices of different models. For non-terminal products, the net realisable value of the inventories is
             determined according to empirical data on estimated net realisable value analysed by inventory age
             bands and categories on the basis of historic loss and business risks, taking into consideration of the
             risk associated with slow-moving or obsolete products in different inventory categories and the risk
             relating to future market demand and generational replacement of products and project modifications.

             Contract costs classified as current assets are shown under inventories.

       12.   Investment in associates and joints

             Investment in associates and joints include equity investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and
             associates.

             Upon acquisition, investment in associates and joints is initially measured at initial investment cost.
             For investment in associates and joints acquired through the business combination of entities under
             common control, the initial investment cost shall be the share of carrying value of the owners’ equity
             of the merged party at the date of combination as stated in the consolidated financial statements of
             the ultimate controlling party. Any difference between the initial investment cost and the carrying
             value of the consideration for the combination shall be dealt with by adjusting the capital reserve (if
             the capital reserve is insufficient for setting off the difference, such difference shall be further set off
             against retained profits). For investment in associates and joints acquired through the business
             combination of entities not under common control, the initial investment cost shall be the cost of
             combination (for business combinations of entities not under common control achieved in stages
             through multiple transactions, the initial investment cost shall be the sum of the carrying value of the
             equity investment in the acquired party held at the date of acquisition and new investment cost
             incurred as at the date of acquisition). The initial investment cost of investment in associates and
             joints other than those acquired through business combination shall be recognised in accordance with
             the following: For those acquired by way of cash payments, the initial investment cost shall be the
             consideration actually paid plus expenses, tax amounts and other necessary outgoings directly
             related to the acquisition of the investment in associates and joints. For investment in associates and
             joints acquired by way of the issue of equity securities, the initial investment cost shall be the fair
             value of the equity securities issued.

             In the financial statements of the Company, the cost method is used for long term equity investments
             in investees over which the Company exercises control. Control is defined as the power exercisable
             over the investee, the entitlement to variable return through involvement in the activities of the
             investee and the ability to influence the amount of return using the power over the investee.

             When the cost method is used, investment in associates and joints are measured at initial cost on
             acquisition. When additional investments are made or investments are recouped, the cost of
             investment in associates and joints shall be adjusted. Cash dividend or profit distribution declared by
             the investee shall be recognised as investment gains for the period.




                                                                                                                              147
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        12.     Investment in associates and joints (continued)

                The equity method is used to account for investment in associates and joints when the Group can
                jointly control or has significant influence over the invested entity. Joint control is the contractually
                agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant
                activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Significant influence means
                having the authority to take part in the decision over the financial and operational policies but not the
                authority to control or jointly control with other parties the formulation of such policies.

                Under the equity method, any excess of the initial investment cost over the Company’s share of the
                net fair value of the investment’s identifiable assets and liabilities is included in the initial investment
                cost of the investment in associates and joints. When the initial cost of the investment is less than
                the Company’s share of the fair value of the investment’s identifiable net assets, the difference is
                recognised in profit or loss of the current period and debited to investment in associates and joints.

                Under the equity method, after the investment in associates and joints are acquired, investment gains
                or losses and other comprehensive income are recognised according to the entitled share of net
                profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the investee and the carrying amount of the
                investment in associates and joints is adjusted accordingly. When recognising the Group’s share of
                the net profit or loss of the invested entity, the Group makes adjustments to investee’s net profits
                based on fair values of the investees’ identifiable assets at the acquisition date in accordance with
                the Group’s accounting policy and accounting period, eliminating pro-rata profit or loss from internal
                transactions with associates and joint ventures attributable to investor (except that loss from inter-
                group transactions deemed as asset impairment loss shall be fully recognised), provided that invested
                or sold assets constituting businesses shall be excluded. When the invested enterprise declares profit
                appropriations or cash dividends, the carrying amount of investment is adjusted down by the Group’s
                share of the profit appropriations and dividends. The Group shall discontinue recognising its share of
                net losses of the investee after the investment in associates and joints together with any long-term
                interests that in substance forms part of the Group’s net investment in the investee are reduced to
                zero, except to the extent that the Group has incurred obligations to assume additional losses. The
                Group also adjusts the carrying amount of investment in associates and joints for other changes in
                owner’s equity of the investees (other than the net-off of net profits or losses, other comprehensive
                income and profit allocation of the investee), and includes the corresponding adjustment in equity.

        13.     Investment properties

                Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

                Investment properties of the Group included houses and buildings and land use rights leased to other
                parties.

                Investment properties are initially measured at cost. Subsequent expenses relating to the investment
                properties are charged to investment property costs if there is a probable inflow of economic benefits
                relating to the asset and its cost can be reliably measured; otherwise, those expenditure are
                recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                Investment properties of the Group represented owned properties reclassified to investment
                properties measured at fair value. The amount of fair value in excess of the carrying value as at the
                date of reclassification is included in the other comprehensive income. After initial recognition,
                investment properties will be subsequently measured and presented in fair value. The difference
                between the fair value and the original carrying value shall be included in current profit or loss. Fair
                values are assessed and determined by independent valuers based on open market prices of
                properties of the same or similar nature and other relevant information.




148
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                 Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                       (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                      RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       14.   Property, plant and equipment

             Property, plant and equipment is recognised when, and only when, it is probable that future
             economic benefits that are associated with the property, plant and equipment will flow to the Group
             and the cost can be measured reliably. Subsequent expenditures related to property, plant and
             equipment are recognised in the cost of the property, plant and equipment if the above recognition
             criteria are met, and the carrying value of the replaced part is derecognised; otherwise, such
             expenditures are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

             Property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost taking into account the impact of
             expected future disposal expenditure. Cost of purchased property, plant and equipment includes
             purchasing price, relevant taxes, and any directly attributable expenditure for bringing the asset to
             working conditions for its intended use.

             Other than those formed from safe production expense already provided for, property, plant and
             equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis, and the respective estimated useful lives,
             estimated residual values and annual depreciation rates are as follows:

                                                                                   Estimated                  Annual
                                                                               residual value            depreciation
                                                                Useful life              ratio                   rate
              Freehold land                                       Indefinite                 —       No depreciation
              Buildings                                        30–50 years                  5%        1.90%–3.17%
              Electronic equipment                               3–5 years                  5%         19%–31.67%
              Machinery equipment                               5–10 years                  5%           9.5%–19%
              Motor vehicles                                    5–10 years                  5%           9.5%–19%
              Other equipment                                       5 years                 5%                 19%

             The Group reviews, at least at each year end, useful lives, estimated residual values and depreciation
             methods of property, plant and equipment and makes adjustments if necessary.

       15.   Construction in progress

             Construction in progress is measured at the actual construction expenditures, including necessary
             project work expenses incurred during the period while construction is in progress, borrowing costs
             subject to capitalisation before they can be put into use and other related fees.

             Construction-in-progress is transferred into property, plant and equipment when it is ready for its
             intended use according to the following criteria:

                                                         Criteria for transfer to property, plant and equipment
              Buildings                                  Commencement of actual use/delivery upon completion
                                                          and inspection, whichever earlier
              Machinery equipment                        Commencement of actual use/delivery upon completion
                                                          of installation and inspection, whichever earlier




                                                                                                                          149
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        16.     Borrowing costs

                Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of assets qualified for
                capitalisation are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. Other borrowing costs are charged
                to current profit or loss.

                The capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when the capital expenditure and borrowing cost
                have already been incurred and the acquisition or production activities required for the asset to reach
                its usable or sellable state have commenced.

                When the asset qualified for capitalisation so acquired or produced reaches its usable or sellable
                state, borrowing costs should cease to be capitalized and subsequent borrowing costs shall be
                charged to current profit or loss.

                During the period of capitalisation, the amount of capitalised interest for each accounting period is
                determined in the following manner: for specific loans, the amount shall be based on the actually
                incurred interest expense less interim deposit interest income or investment income; for general loans
                appropriated, the amount shall be based on the weighted average asset expenditure representing
                cumulative asset expenditure in excess of the specific loan multiplied by the weighted average
                interest rate for the general loans appropriated.

                Except for expected suspension under normal situation of qualifying assets, capitalisation should be
                suspended during periods in which abnormal interruption has lasted for more than 3 months during
                the process of acquisition, construction or production. The borrowing cost incurred during interruption
                should be recognised as expenses and recorded in current profit or loss until the acquisition,
                construction or production resumes.

        17.     Intangible assets

                Intangible assets are amortised using the straight-line method over their useful lives as follows:

                                                            Estimated
                                                            useful life   Basis
                  Land use rights                         30–70 years     Term of land use right
                  Patented technology                      2–10 years     Term/estimated useful life of patent,
                                                                            whichever shorter
                  Software                                   2–5 years    Actual useful life/estimated useful period in
                                                                            life cycle of product, whichever shorter
                  Franchise                                2–10 years     Term/estimated useful life of franchise,
                                                                            whichever shorter
                  Development expenses                       3–5 years    Actual useful life/estimated useful period in
                                                                            life cycle of product, whichever shorter

                The Group classifies the expenses for internal research and development as research costs and
                development costs. R&D investment is the expense directly related to R&D activities, including
                remuneration of R&D staff, R&D materials, depreciation cost, technological cooperation fee and
                assessment and testing fee, etc. Research costs are charged to the current profit or loss as incurred.
                Development cost is capitalised only when all of the following conditions are met: the Group can
                demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for
                use or sale, its intention to complete and use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate economic
                benefits (including demonstration that the product derived from the intangible asset or the intangible
                asset itself will be marketable or, in the case of internal use, the usefulness of the intangible asset as
                such), the availability of sufficient technical, financial and other resources to complete the project and
                the ability to use or sell the intangible asset, and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure
                attributable to development cost. Product development expenditure which does not meet these
                criteria is expensed in current profit or loss when incurred.



150
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                    Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       17.   Intangible assets (continued)

             Capitalisation of a project of the Group commences when it progresses into the development phase
             after fulfillment of the above conditions, satisfaction of technical feasibility and economic feasibility
             studies, project listing upon assessment.

       18.   Provisions

             Other than contingent consideration and contingent liabilities assumed in business combination not
             under common control, the Group recognises as provision an obligation that is related to contingent
             matters when the obligation is a present obligation of the Group that would probably result in an
             outflow of economic benefits from the Group and could be reliably measured.

             Provisions are initially valued according to the best estimate of expenses on fulfilling the current
             liabilities, in connection with the risk, uncertainty and timing value of the currency. The carrying value
             of the provisions would be reassessed on every balance sheet date and adjusted as appropriate to
             reflect the current best estimated value.

       19.   Share-based payments

             Share-based payments can be distinguished into equity-settled share-based payments and cash-
             settled share-based payments. Equity-settled share-based payments are transactions of the Group
             settled through the payment of shares or other equity instruments in consideration for receiving
             services.

             Equity-settled share-based payments made in exchange for services rendered by employees are
             measured at the fair value of equity instruments granted to employees. Instruments which are vested
             immediately upon the grant are charged to relevant costs or expenses at the fair value on the date of
             grant and the capital reserve is credited accordingly. Instruments of which vesting is conditional upon
             completion of services or fulfillment of performance conditions are measured by recognising services
             rendered during the period in relevant costs or expenses and crediting the capital reserve accordingly
             at the fair value on the date of grant according to the best estimates of the volume of exercisable
             equity instruments at each balance sheet date during the vesting period.

             Where the terms of an equity-settled share-based payment are modified, as a minimum, services
             obtained are recognised as if the terms had not been modified. In addition, an expense is recognised
             for any modification which increases the total fair value of the instrument granted, or is otherwise
             beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

             Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
             cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. Where
             employees or other parties are permitted to choose to fulfill non-vesting conditions but have not
             fulfilled during the vesting period, equity-settled share-based payments are deemed cancelled.
             However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and designated as a replacement
             award on the date that it is granted, the new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the
             original award.




                                                                                                                             151
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        20.     Revenue from customer contracts

                The Group recognises its revenue upon the fulfilment of contractual performance obligations under a
                contract, namely, when the customer obtains control over the relevant products or services. The
                acquisition control over relevant products or services shall mean the ability to direct the use of the
                products or the provision of the services and receive substantially all economic benefits derived
                therefrom.

                (1)     The Group’s accounting policies for different types of income are as follows:

                        (a)     Contract for the sales of products

                                The product sales contract between the Group and its customers typically includes
                                contractual performance obligations for the transfer of products. The Group typically
                                recognises its revenue at the time of delivery and acceptance upon inspection taking into
                                account the following factors: the acquisition of the current right to receive payments for
                                the products, the transfer of major risks and rewards of ownership, the transfer of the
                                legal title of the products, the transfer of the physical assets of the products, and
                                customers’ acceptance of the products.

                        (b)     Contract for the rendering of services

                                The service contract between the Group and its customers includes contractual
                                performance obligations for maintenance service, operational service and engineering
                                service. As the customer is able to forthwith obtain and consume the economic benefits
                                brought by the Group’s contractual performance when the Group performs a contract, or
                                is able to control the assets in progress during the course of the Group’s performance,
                                the Group considers such contractual performance obligations to be obligations performed
                                over a period of time, and revenue shall be recognised according to the progress of
                                performance. For contracts with specific output indicators, such as contracts for
                                maintenance service and operational service, the Group determines the progress of
                                performance of the service according to the output method. For a small number of
                                contracts which do not specify output indicators, the progress of performance is
                                determined using the input method.

                        (c)     Telecommunication system construction contract

                                The Group’s telecommunication system construction contract typically includes a range of
                                contractual performances, such as equipment sales and installation service and their
                                combinations. Equipment sales and installation service that are distinctly separable are
                                accounted for standalone contractual performances. Combinations of equipment sales and
                                installation services that are not individually separable are accounted for as standalone
                                contractual performances, as customer can benefit from the individual use of such
                                combinations or their use together with other readily available resources and such
                                combinations among themselves are distinctly separable from one another. As the control
                                of such combination of equipment and installation service is transferred to the customer
                                upon acceptance by the customer, revenue of each standalone contractual performance is
                                recognised after the fulfillment of such standalone contractual obligation corresponding to
                                each combination of equipment sales and installation service.




152
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                   Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                         (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       20.   Revenue from customer contracts (continued)

             (2)   Accounting policies relevant to the ascertaining and allocation and transaction prices by
                   the Group:

                   (a)   Standalone selling price

                         For contracts containing two or more performance obligations, the Group allocates the
                         transaction price to the respective standalone performance obligations and measures
                         revenue according to the transaction price allocated to such standalone performance
                         obligations according to a relative percentage of the standalone price for the commodity
                         or service pledged under the respective standalone performance obligations on the date of
                         inception of the contract.

                         Where there is definitive evidence showing contract discounts relate to one or more (but
                         not all) performance obligations under a contract, the contract discount is allocated to the
                         one or more relevant performance obligations.

                   (b)   Variable consideration

                         Certain contracts between the Group and its customers contain cash discount and price
                         guarantee clauses which will give rise to variable consideration. Where a contract contains
                         variable consideration, the Group determines the best estimates on the variable
                         consideration based on expected values or the most probable amount, provided that
                         transaction prices including variable consideration shall not exceed the cumulative amount
                         of recognised revenue upon the removal of relevant uncertainties in connection with which
                         a significant reversal is highly unlikely.

                   (c)   Consideration payable to customers

                         Where consideration is payable by the Group to a customer, such consideration payable
                         shall be deducted against the transaction price, and against current revenue upon the
                         recognition of revenue or the payment of (or the commitment to pay) the consideration to
                         the customer (whichever is later), save for consideration payable to the customer for the
                         purpose of acquiring from the customer other clearly separable products.

                   (d)   Return clauses

                         In connection with sales with a return clause, revenue is recognised according to the
                         amount of consideration it expects to be entitled to for the transfer to a customer when
                         the customer acquires control of the relevant. Amounts expected to be refunded for the
                         return of sales are recognised as liabilities. At the same time, the balance of the carrying
                         value of the product expected to be returned upon transfer less expected costs for the
                         recall of such product (including impairment loss of the recalled product) shall be
                         recognised as an asset (i.e. cost of return receivables), and the net amount of the carrying
                         value of the transferred product upon the transfer less the aforesaid asset cost shall be
                         transferred to cost. At each balance sheet date, the Group reassess the future return of
                         sales and remeasured the above assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                                            153
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        20.     Revenue from customer contracts (continued)

                (2)     Accounting policies relevant to the ascertaining and allocation and transaction prices by
                        the Group: (continued)

                        (e)     Significant financing component

                                Where a contract contains a significant financing component, the Group determines
                                transaction prices based on amounts payable assumed to be settled in cash by customers
                                immediately upon the acquisition of control over the products. The difference between
                                such transaction price and contract consideration is amortised over the contract period
                                using the effective interest rate method based on a ratio that discounts the nominal
                                contractual consideration to the current selling price of the products.

                                The Group shall not give consideration to any significant financing component in a
                                contract if the gap between the customer’s acquisition of control over the products and
                                payment of consideration is expected to be less than one year.

                        (f)     Warranty clauses

                                The Group provides quality assurance for products sold and assets built in accordance
                                with contract terms and laws and regulations. The accounting treatment of quality
                                assurance in the form of warranty assuring customers products sold are in compliance
                                with required standards is set out in Note III.18. Where the Group provides a service
                                warranty for a standalone service in addition to the assurance of compliance of products
                                with required standards, such warranty is treated as a standalone contractual performance
                                obligation, and a portion of the transaction price shall be allocated to the service warranty
                                based on a percentage of the standalone price for the provision of product and service
                                warranty and recognised upon the customer obtaining control of the service. When
                                assessing whether a warranty is rendering a standalone service in addition to providing
                                guarantee to customers that all sold goods are in compliance with required standards, the
                                Group will consider whether or not such warranty is a statutory requirement, the term of
                                the warranty and the nature of the Group’s undertaking to perform its obligations.

        21.     Contract assets and contract liabilities

                The Group presents contract assets or contract liabilities on the balance sheet according to the
                relationship between contractual performance obligations and customer payments. Contract assets
                and contract liabilities under the same contract are set off and presented on a net basis.

                (1)     Contract assets

                        The right to receive consideration following the transfer of products to customers which is
                        dependent on factors other than the passage of time is recognised as contract assets before
                        the actual payment of the contract consideration by customers or such consideration or such
                        consideration becomes due and payable. Afte such right to receive consideration subsequently
                        becomes unconditional, it shall be reclassified as amount receivables.

                        For details of the Group’s determination and accounting treatment of expected credit losses
                        from contract assets, please refer to Note III.10.

                (2)     Contract liabilities

                        The obligation to pass products or services to customers in connection with customer
                        consideration received or the unconditional right to receive able is recognised as contract
                        liabilities before such passing of products or services to customers.




154
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       22.   Assets relating to contract cost

             The Group’s assets relating to contract costs include the contract acquisition costs and contract
             performance costs, presented respectively under inventories, other current assets and other non-
             current assets.

             Where the Group expects the incremental costs for acquiring a contract to be recoverable, such
             contract acquisition costs are recognised as an asset (unless the amortisation period of the asset is
             not more than one year).

             Costs incurred by the Group for the performance of a contract are recognised as an asset as
             contract performance costs if they do not fall under the scope of the relevant standards for
             inventories, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets but meet all the following conditions:

             (1) they are directly related to a current or anticipated contract, including direct labour, direct
                   materials, manufacturing expenses (or similar expenses) , to be borne by customers as
                   specifically stipulated, and otherwise incurred solely in connection with the contract;

             (2)   they will increase the resources to be utilised in the Company’s future performance of its
                   contractual obligations;

             (3)   they are expected to be recoverable.

             The Group amortises assets relating contract costs on the same basis as that for the recognition of
             revenue relating to such assets and recognises the amortised assets in current profit or loss.

             For assets relating to contract costs whose carrying value is higher than the difference between the
             following two items, the Group makes provision for impairment for the excess to be recognised as
             asset impairment losses:

             (1)   The remaining consideration expected to be obtained as a result of the transfer of goods relating
                   to such assets;

             (2)   Estimated costs to be incurred in connection with the transfer of relevant goods.

       23.   Government grants

             Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
             and all attaching conditions will be complied with. The grant is measured as the amount received or
             receivable where it takes the form of a cash asset, or at fair value where it is not a cash asset.
             Where the fair value cannot be reliably obtained, it should be measured at the nominal value.

             In accordance with the stipulations of the government instruments, government grants applied
             towards acquisition or formation in other manners of long-term assets are asset-related government
             grants; where the instruments are not specific, judgement should be exercised based on the basic
             conditions required for receiving the grant, whereby grants designated to be used for acquisition or
             formation in other manners of long-term assets as a basic condition are recognised as asset-related
             government grants. All other grants are recognised as income-related government grants.

             Government grants relating to income and applied to make up for related costs or losses in future
             periods shall be recognised as deferred income, and shall be recognised in current profit or loss or
             written off against related costs of the period for which related costs or loss are recognised.
             Government grants specifically applied for the reimbursement of incurred related costs and expenses
             shall be directly set off against related costs.




                                                                                                                           155
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        23.     Government grants (continued)

                Government grants relating to assets shall be written off against the carrying value of the asset
                concerned or, if the asset concerned is disposed of, transferred, retired or damaged prior to the end
                of its useful life, the balance of the deferred income yet to be allocated shall be transferred to
                current profit or loss.

                Loans extended to the Group by borrowing banks at favourable interest rates mandated by
                government policies under which the borrowing banks receive interest rate subsidies from the
                financial authorities shall be recognised based on the actual amount of loans received, and
                borrowings costs shall be recognised based on the principal amount of the loan and the policy-
                mandated favourable interest rates. Where discounted interest funds are paid to the Group directly by
                financial authorities, the corresponding discounted interest is charged against relevant borrowing
                costs.

        24.     Deferred tax

                The Group recognises deferred tax based on temporary differences between the carrying amount of
                assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and their tax base on the balance sheet date, as well as
                differences between the carrying values and tax bases of items not recognised as assets or liabilities
                where the tax base can be calculated according to the relevant tax regulations, using the balance
                sheet liability method.

                Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

                (1)     where the taxable temporary difference arises from the following: initial recognition of goodwill
                        or initial recognition of an asset or liability in a standalone transaction that: is not a business
                        combination, at the time of the transaction affects neither the accounting profit nor the taxable
                        profit or deductible loss, and gives rise to initial recognition of assets and liabilities which have
                        not resulted in taxable temporary difference and deductible temporary difference of an
                        equivalent amount;

                (2)     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
                        and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can
                        be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the
                        foreseeable future.

                Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carryforward of unused
                tax losses and unused tax credits, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
                against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax losses and
                unused tax credits can be utilised except:

                (1)     where the deductible temporary difference arises from an individual transaction that: is not a
                        business combination, at the time of the transaction affects neither the accounting profit nor the
                        taxable profit or deductible loss, and gives rise to initial recognition of assets and liabilities
                        which have not resulted in taxable temporary difference and deductible temporary difference of
                        an equivalent amount;

                (2)     deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                        interests in joint ventures are recognised when it is probable that the temporary differences will
                        reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit against the deductible temporary differences
                        will be available.

                As at balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured in accordance with relevant
                tax laws at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the
                liability is settled, and reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group
                expects, at the balance sheet date, to recover the assets or settle its liabilities.




156
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                     Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                           (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       24.   Deferred tax (continued)

             The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
             reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to
             allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are
             reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become
             probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
             be recovered.

             Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset and presented as a net amount if all of the
             following conditions are met: the Group has the legal right to set off current tax assets current tax
             liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the
             same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities, provided that
             the taxable entity concerned intends either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis,
             or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which
             significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

       25.   Leases

             At the inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. If
             one party to the contract conveys a right to control the use of one or more identified assets for a
             period of time in exchange for consideration, such contract is, or contains, a lease.

             (1)   As lessee

                   With the exception of short-term lease and low-value asset lease, the Group recognises right-
                   of-use assets and lease liabilities in connection with lease through the following accounting
                   method:

                   At the inception of a lease term, the right to use lease assets during the lease term is
                   recognised as right-of-use assets and is initially measured at cost. The cost of right-of-use
                   assets include: the initially measured amount of lease liabilities; the lease payment incurred at or
                   prior to the lease inception date, less the lease incentive amount received where applicable;
                   initial direct expenses incurred by the lessee; estimated cost to be incurred by the lessee for
                   demolishing and removing lease assets, restoring the premises at which the lease assets are
                   located or restoring the lease assets to the agreed state under the lease terms. Where Group
                   remeasures the lease liabilities owing to changes in the lease payment amount, the carrying
                   value of the right-of-use assets should be adjusted accordingly. In subsequent measurement,
                   the Group provides depreciation of the right-of- use assets using the averaging method over the
                   lease term. Where it can be reasonably ascertained that the ownership over the lease assets
                   can be obtained upon the conclusion of the lease term, depreciation is provided over the
                   remaining useful life of the lease assets. Where the acquisition of the ownership over the lease
                   assets upon the conclusion of the lease term cannot be reasonably ascertained, depreciation is
                   provided over the lease term or the remaining useful life of the lease assets, whichever shorter.




                                                                                                                              157
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        25.     Leases (continued)

                (1)     As lessee (continued)

                        At the inception of the lease period, the Group recognised the present value of outstanding
                        lease payments as lease liabilities, other than short-term leases and low-value asset lease.
                        Lease payment amounts include fixed payments and the amount of substantial fixed payments
                        less rental incentives, variable lease payment amounts depending on indices or ratios, estimated
                        amounts payable based on the remaining value of guarantees, as well as amounts payable for
                        the exercise price of buying option or termination of lease renewal option, provided that the
                        Group reasonably ascertains that the option will be exercised or the lease period reflects that
                        the Group will terminate the renewal option. Variable lease payments not included in lease
                        liabilities are charged to current profit or loss as and when incurred, other than those otherwise
                        required to be included in relevant asset cost. Where there are changes in the substantial fixed
                        payment amount, changes in amounts payable expected of the remaining value of guarantees,
                        changes in the index or ratio used to determine lease payment amounts, and changes in the
                        assessment outcome relating to or actual exercise of the call option, renewal option and
                        termination option, the Group re-measures the lease liabilities based on present value of the
                        modified lease payment.

                        A lease with a term of not more than 12 months at the inception of the lease term and without
                        any call option is recognised as a short-term lease; lease comprising an individual lease asset
                        worth not more than RMB30,000 in brand new conditions is recognised as a low-value asset
                        lease. If the Group sub-leases or expects to sub-lease such lease assets, the original lease shall
                        not be recognised as a low-value asset lease. For short-term leases and low-value asset leases,
                        the Group elects not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, which are instead
                        charged to relevant asset cost or current profit or loss over the respective periods during the
                        lease term on a straight-line basis, while contingent rental is charged to current profit or loss as
                        and when incurred.

                (2)     As lessor

                        Other than leases that transfer substantially all risk and reward relating to the ownership of
                        lease assets at inception which are recognised as finance leases, all leases are recognised as
                        operating leases. As a sub-leasing lessor, the Group classifies the sub-leases based on the
                        right-of-use assets of the original leases.

                        (Applicable to operating lease) Lease income from operating lease is recognised as current profit
                        or loss on a straight line basis for the periods over the lease term. Variable lease payments not
                        included in the amount of lease receipt are charged to current profit or loss as and when
                        incurred. Initial direct cost is allocated over the lease period in accordance with the same bases
                        for recognising rental income and included in current profit or loss for each period.

                        (Applicable to financing lease) At the inception of the lease term, finance lease receivables are
                        recognised in respect of finance lease, while financing lease assets are derecognised. At initial
                        measurement, the carrying value of finance lease receivables are recognised as the net amount
                        of lease investment, which is in turn the sum of the unsecured residual value and the lease
                        payments yet to be received at the commencement of the lease term discounted to their
                        present value using the implicit interest rate of the lease, including initial direct expenses.
                        Interest income over the respective periods of the lease term are computed and recognised
                        based on fixed cyclical interest rates. Variable lease payments not included in the net amount of
                        lease investment are charged to current profit or loss as and when incurred.




158
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       26.   Impairment

             Impairment of assets other than inventories, investment properties measured at fair value, deferred
             tax assets, contract assets and financial assets is determined using the methods described below:
             The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is an indication that a non-financial
             asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group makes an estimate of the asset’s
             recoverable amount and performs a test of impairment for the asset. For goodwill generated from
             business consolidation and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or which are not yet ready for
             use are tested at least annually at year-end regardless of whether there are indications of
             impairment.

             Recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its present value of
             estimated future cash flows. The Group estimates recoverable value for individual assets. When it is
             difficult to estimate individually, the recoverable value of the cash generating units which the asset
             belongs to will be estimated. The definition of cash generating units is determined on the basis of
             whether the cash generating units generate cash flows which are largely independent of those from
             other cash generating units.

             Where the carrying amount of an asset or a cash generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the
             asset or cash generating unit is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
             The difference between the carrying amount and recoverable amount is recognised in the current
             period’s profit or loss and provision for impairment is made accordingly.

             In connection with impairment tests for goodwill, the carrying value of goodwill is allocated to
             relevant cash generating units (“CGU”) or CGU group. A relevant CGU or CGU group is defined as
             one which can benefit from the synergies of the business combination and is not larger than the
             business segments determined by the Group.

             The carrying value and recoverable amount of CGUs or CGU groups that comprise goodwill should
             be compared. Where the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying value, the impairment loss
             should first be offset against the carrying value of the goodwill allocated to CGUs or CGU groups
             and then against assets in the CGUs or CGU groups other than goodwill in proportion to the
             weighting of these assets.

             Previously recognised impairment losses are not reversed in subsequent periods.

       27.   Employee remuneration

             Employee remuneration includes all kinds of rewards or compensation (other than share-based
             payments) incurred by the Group in exchange for service rendered by employees or in the
             termination of employment. Employee remuneration includes short-term remuneration, retirement
             benefits, termination benefits and other long-term employees’ benefits.

             (1)   Short-term remuneration

                   For accounting periods during which services are rendered by employees, short-term
                   remuneration that will incur is recognised as liability and included in current profit and loss or
                   related capital costs.

             (2)   Retirement benefit (defined deposit scheme)

                   Employees of the Group participated in pension insurance and unemployment insurance
                   schemes managed by the local government. The contribution costs are charged as asset cost
                   or to current profit or loss when incurred.




                                                                                                                           159
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        27.     Employee remuneration (continued)

                (3)     Retirement benefit (defined benefit scheme)

                        The Group operates a defined benefit pension scheme. No funds have been injected into the
                        scheme. The cost of benefits provided under the defined benefit scheme is calculated using the
                        expected benefit accrual unit approach. Remeasurement arising from defined benefit pension
                        schemes, including actuarial gains or losses, changes in the asset cap effect (deducting
                        amounts included in net interest) and return on scheme assets (deducting amounts included in
                        net interest) are instantly recognised in the balance sheet and charged to shareholders’ equity
                        through other comprehensive income for the period during which it is incurred. It will not be
                        reversed to profit and loss in subsequent periods. Previous service costs are recognised as
                        current expenses when: the defined benefit scheme is revised, or relevant restructuring costs or
                        termination benefits are recognised by the Group, whichever earlier. Net interest is arrived at by
                        multiplying net liabilities or net assets of defined benefits with a discount rate. The following
                        changes in net obligations of defined benefits are recognised as operating costs and
                        administration expenses in the income statement: service costs including current services costs,
                        past service costs and settlement of profit or loss; and net interest including interest income
                        from scheme assets, interest expenses for scheme obligations and interest of the asset cap
                        effect.

                (4)     Termination benefits

                        Where termination benefits are provided to employees, liabilities in employee remuneration are
                        recognised and charged to current profit and loss when: the company is not in a position to
                        withdraw termination benefits provided under termination plans or redundancy plans, or costs or
                        expenses relating to the restructuring exercise which involves the payment of termination
                        benefits are recognised, whichever earlier.

                (5)     Other long-term employees’ benefits

                        Other long-term employees’ benefits provided to employees shall be recognised and measured
                        as net liabilities or net assets where provisions regarding post-employment benefits are
                        applicable. Changes shall be included in current profit and loss or related capital costs.

        28.     Fair value measurement

                The fair value hierarchy to which an asset or liability measured or disclosed in the financial
                statements at fair value will be determined on the basis of the lowest level of input which is
                significant for the fair value measurement as a whole. Input at the first level represents unadjusted
                quoted prices in an active market for the acquisition of the same asset or liability on the
                measurement date. Input at the second level represents directly or indirectly observable assets or
                liabilities apart from input at the first level. Input at the third level represents unobservable input for
                the asset or liability.

                At each balance sheet date, the Group reassesses assets and liabilities measured at fair value on an
                ongoing basis recognised in the financial statements to determine whether the level of fair value
                measurement should be changed.




160
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                    Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       29.   Safe production cost

             Safe production cost provided in accordance with relevant regulations is charged to relevant product
             cost or current profit or loss and at the same to the special reserve. In application, it should be
             distinguished whether property, plant and equipment are formed: cost of an expense nature should
             be directly set off against the special reserve. Cost that contributes to the formation of property,
             plant and equipment should be aggregated and recognised as property, plant and equipment when
             such assets arrive at the state of intended use, at which time an equivalent amount should be set off
             against the special reserve and cumulative depreciation of an equal value should be recognised.

       30.   Hedge accounting

             For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as

             (1)   fair-value hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in fair value that is either attributable
                   to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised firm
                   commitment (excluding foreign exchange risk);

             (2)   cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable
                   to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast
                   transaction, or an exchange rate risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.

             At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
             relationship, the risk management objective and its risk management strategy. The documentation
             includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being
             hedged and how the Group will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness. Hedge effectiveness is
             the extent to which the changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedging instruments offset changes
             in the fair value or cash flow of hedged items caused by the hedged risk. Such hedges are assessed
             on an ongoing basis for their effectiveness at the initial date of designation and in subsequent
             periods.

             If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised (provided that the rollover or
             replacement of part of a hedging instrument under the hedging strategy is not treated as an
             expiration or a contract termination), or the hedging relationship no longer meets the risk
             management objective due to a change in the risk management objective, or when the hedging no
             longer meets other conditions of the hedge accounting method, the Group terminates the use of
             hedge accounting.

             Where the hedging relationship no longer meets the hedging effectiveness requirements due to the
             hedging ratio, but the risk management objectives for the designated hedging relationship have not
             changed, the Group rebalances the hedging relationship.




                                                                                                                             161
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        30.     Hedge accounting (continued)

                Hedges which meet the criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:

                (1)     Fair-value hedge

                        The gains or losses arising from the hedging instrument are recognised in profit or loss for the
                        current period. The gain or loss of the hedged item arising from risk exposure is recognised in
                        profit or loss for the current period. The book value of the hedged item that is not measured at
                        fair value is adjusted accordingly.

                        For fair value hedge relating to debt instruments carried at amortised cost, the adjustments on
                        the carrying amount of the hedged items are amortised to profit or loss over the remaining term
                        of the hedge using the effective interest method. Amortisation using the effective interest rate
                        may begin upon the adjustment of the carrying amount but no later than when the hedged item
                        ceases to be adjusted for changes in its fair value attributable to the risk being hedged. The
                        hedged item is recognised as debt instrument at fair value through other comprehensive
                        income. Cumulative hedge profit or loss recognised is amortised to profit or loss in the same
                        manner, except the carrying value of the financial asset will not be adjusted. In the event of the
                        derecognition of the hedged item, fair value unamortised shall be recognised as current profit or
                        loss.

                        When an unrecognised firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent
                        cumulative change in the fair value of the firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is
                        recognised as an asset or liability with the corresponding gain or loss recognised in profit or
                        loss for the current period. The fair value changes of hedging instruments are also recognised in
                        profit or loss for the current period.

                (2)     Cash flow hedges

                        Profit or loss from a hedge instrument attributable to the effective portion of a hedge is directly
                        recognised as other comprehensive income. Profit or loss from a hedge instrument attributable
                        to the non-effective portion of a hedge is recognised in current profit or loss.

                        If the anticipated transaction under hedge is subsequently recognised as non-financial assets or
                        non-financial liabilities, or if the anticipated transaction of non-financial assets or non-financial
                        liabilities forms a firm commitment to which fair value hedge is applicable, the cash flow hedge
                        reserve amount previously recognised as other comprehensive income is transferred to the
                        amount of initial recognition of such assets or liabilities. For the remaining cash flow hedge, if
                        the anticipated sales occurs during the same period when profit or loss is affected by expected
                        cash flow under hedge, cash flow hedge reserve previously recognised in other comprehensive
                        income is transferred to current profit or loss.

                        When the Group ceases to apply hedge accounting in respect of cash flow hedge, if the
                        hedged future cash flow is still expected to occur, the amount previously recognised in other
                        comprehensive income will not be transferred until the anticipated transaction actually occurs or
                        the firm commitment is fulfilled. If the hedged future cash flow is no longer expected to occur,
                        the cumulative cash flow hedge reserve amount is transferred from other comprehensive income
                        to current profit or loss.




162
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       31.   Significant accounting judgements and estimates

             The preparation of financial statements requires judgements, estimations and assumptions to be made
             by the management. Such judgements, estimations and assumptions will affect the reported amounts
             of revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities and their disclosure, as well as the disclosure of
             contingent liabilities as at the balance sheet date. However, the consequence arising from the
             uncertain nature of such assumptions and estimations may result in significant adjustment to the
             carrying value of the asset or liability affected in the future.

             (1)   Judgement

                   In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the
                   following judgements, which have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
                   statements:

                   (a)   Determination of standalone contractual performance obligations under telecommunication
                         system construction contracts

                         The Group’s telecommunication system construction contract typically includes a range of
                         pledged performance, such as equipment sales and installation service or a combination of
                         both. The Group determines whether the equipment sales and installation service and their
                         combination are distinctly separable based on the correlation between the equipment sold
                         and the installation service and the contract terms, among other factors. Where the
                         customer can benefit from the individual use of such products or services or their use
                         together with other readily available resources, the standalone equipment sales and
                         installation service are accounted for as standalone contractual performances. Such
                         standalone equipment sales and installation service are considered individual separable if:
                         (1) the customer can receive the equipment pledged under the contract without the
                         provision of significant installation service by the Group; (2) each of the equipment sales
                         and the installation service do not constitute any modification or customisation to the
                         other, nor will they modify or customise other equipment or installation service pledged
                         under the contract; (3) such equipment sales and installation service are not significantly
                         correlated to other equipment or installation pledged under the contract. Each of the
                         aforesaid combinations of equipment sales and installation services that is not individually
                         separable and not significantly correlated to other combinations and that enable the
                         customer to benefit from its individual use or use together with other readily available
                         resources is accounted for as a standalone contractual performances. The comprehensive
                         application of the aforesaid judgement is significant for the determination of standalone
                         contractual performance obligations under telecommunication system construction
                         contracts.

                   (b)   Performance of obligation at a point of time

                         For the Group’s performance obligations in respect of communication system equipment
                         and terminals under contracts with customers, as well as obligations in respect of
                         installation services under contract and communication system equipment sold in a block
                         together with installation, as the customer is unable to obtain and consume the economic
                         benefits brought by the Group’s performance of obligation at the same time as such
                         obligations are performed or control goods in progress during the course of the Group’s
                         performance, the Group is not entitled to collect progress billing according to work
                         completed to-date during the entire contract period. Hence, such performance is treated
                         as performance at a point of time. Specifically, revenue corresponding to such standalone
                         contractual performance is recognised upon acceptance by the customer after the
                         performance of each standalone obligation.




                                                                                                                           163
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        31.     Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

                (1)     Judgement (continued)

                        (c)     Business model

                                The classification of financial assets at initial recognition is dependent on the Group’s
                                business model for managing the assets. Factors considered by the Group in judging the
                                business model include enterprise valuation, the method of reporting the results of
                                financial assets to key management members, risks affecting the results of financial assets
                                and the method for managing such risks, as well as the form of remuneration received by
                                the management personnel of the businesses concerned. In assessing whether the
                                business model is aimed at receiving contract cash flow, the Group is required to analyse
                                and exercise judgment in respect of the reasons, timing, frequency and values of any
                                disposals prior to maturity.

                        (d)     Characteristics of contract cash flow

                                The classification of financial assets at initial recognition is dependent on the
                                characteristics of the contract cash flow of such type of financial assets. Judgement is
                                required to determine whether the contract cash flow represents interest payment in
                                relation to principal amounts based on outstanding principal amounts only, including
                                judgement of whether it is significantly different from the benchmark cash flow when
                                assessing modifications to the time value of currencies, and judgement of whether the fair
                                value of early repayment features is minimal where the financial assets include such early
                                repayment features.

                        (e)     Deferred tax liabilities relating to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

                                The Group is required to recognise deferred tax liabilities for taxable temporary differences
                                relating to investments in certain subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, unless two
                                conditions are met as follows: the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
                                temporary difference and such temporary difference is not likely to be reversed in the
                                foreseeable future, in which case the recognition of deferred tax liabilities is not required.
                                The Group is of the view that it is able to fully control the timing of the reversal of the
                                temporary difference arising from dividend distribution of the subsidiary and that the
                                subsidiary will not make any profit distribution in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the
                                Group is not required to recognise any deferred income tax liability. Whether the
                                temporary difference related to investments in associates and joint ventures will be
                                reversed in the foreseeable future is dependent on the expected method of recouping the
                                investment, and the Group is required to exercise significant judgement in respect of the
                                method of recouping the investment.

                        (f)     Derecognition of financial assets

                                Where the Group has transferred the right to receive cash flow arising from an asset but
                                has not transferred or has retained substantially all risks and rewards associated with such
                                asset, or has not transferred the controlling right in such asset, such asset shall be
                                recognised and accounted for so long as the Group continues to be involved in such
                                asset. To determine whether or not the Group has transferred or retained substantially all
                                risks and rewards associated with the asset or transferred the controlling right in the
                                asset, the exercise of significant judgment is often required, and estimations need to be
                                made as to the extent of the Group’s continued involvement in the asset.




164
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                   Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                         (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       31.   Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

             (2)   Estimation uncertainty

                   The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
                   the balance sheet date, that might cause a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
                   assets and liabilities in subsequent accounting years, are discussed below.

                   (a)   Impairment of investment in associates and joints, property, plant and equipment,
                         construction in progress and intangible assets

                         The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is an indication that
                         investment in associates and joints, property, plant and equipment, construction in
                         progress and intangible assets may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group
                         makes an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount and performs a test of impairment
                         for the asset. The recoverable amount is measured at the net amount of the fair value of
                         the asset less disposal costs or the present value of the estimated future cash flow of the
                         asset, whichever is higher. Net fair value less disposal costs is determined with reference
                         to prices under sales agreement or observable market prices less incremental costs
                         directly attributable to the disposal of such assets. This requires the Group to make an
                         estimate of the expected future cash flows from the asset or the cash generating unit to
                         which the asset was allocated and also the selection of a suitable discount rate in order
                         to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

                         An impairment loss is recognised when the carrying amount of property, plant and
                         equipment, construction in progress and intangible assets exceeds the recoverable
                         amount. The carrying amount is written down to the recoverable amount and the write-
                         down is charged to current profit or loss, while corresponding provision for asset
                         impairment is also made.

                   (b)   Impairment of financial instruments

                         The Group has adopted the expected credit loss model to evaluate the impairment of
                         financial instruments. The application of the expected credit model requires significant
                         judgement and estimates and the consideration of all reasonable and soundly based
                         information, including forward-looking information. In making such judgement and
                         estimates, the Group estimates the projected movements of the debtor’s credit risk
                         according to past repayment records, economic policies, macro-economic indicators and
                         industry risks.

                   (c)   Depreciation and amortisation

                         The Group depreciates items of property, plant and equipment and amortises items of
                         intangible assets on the straight line basis over their estimated useful lives from the date
                         on which the asset reaches a usable state, and after taking into account their estimated
                         residual value, commencing from the date the items of property, plant and equipment are
                         placed into productive use. It reflects the management’s estimate of the periods that the
                         Group intends to derive future economic benefits from the use of the Group’s property,
                         plant and equipment and intangible assets.




                                                                                                                            165
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


III.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        31.     Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

                (2)     Estimation uncertainty (continued)

                        (d)     Deferred tax assets

                                Deferred tax assets are recognised for all unused tax losses, to the extent that it is likely
                                that taxable profit will be available to utilise these unused tax losses. Significant
                                judgments are needed from management to estimate the timing and amount of taxable
                                profit in the future, with the aid of tax planning strategies, to determine the amount of the
                                deferred tax assets that should be recognised.

                        (e)     Estimated standalone selling price

                                The standalone selling price refers to the price at which the Group may independently sell
                                pledged goods or service. Observable prices for goods or services sold to similar
                                customers under similar circumstance on a standalone basis is the best evidence for
                                standalone selling prices. An estimation of standalone selling prices is required if such
                                prices cannot be directly obtained. The Group has adopted cost plus pricing according the
                                characteristics of the goods or services and its related price and cost and the level of
                                difficulty in obtaining it. Cost plus pricing is a method for determining standalone selling
                                prices by adding a reasonable profit margin to the estimated cost of a product. This
                                method is mainly concerned with internal factors and requires adjustments to profit
                                according to different products, customers and differences in other variables. It is a more
                                appropriate method when the direct cost for performance of obligation can be
                                ascertained.

                        (f)     Provision for inventory impairment

                                The impairment of inventory to its net realisable value is based on the marketability and
                                net realisable value of the inventory. The determination of the impairment value requires
                                the acquisition of conclusive evidence by the management, who should also take into
                                account factors such as the purpose of stocking the inventory and the impact of post-
                                balance sheet date events before making judgments and estimates. The difference
                                between the actual outcome and the original estimates shall affect the carrying value of
                                the inventory and charge or reversal of provision for impairment for the period during
                                which the estimates were revised.

                        (g)     Warranty

                                The Group makes reasonable estimates on warranty fee rates in respect of contract
                                groups with similar characteristics based on the historic data and current conditions of
                                warranty, taking into consideration all relevant information such as product improvements
                                and market changes, among others. The Group reassesses the warranty fee rates at least
                                annually at each balance sheet date and determines its estimated liabilities based on the
                                reassessed warranty fee rates.




166
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                     Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                           (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


III.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       31.   Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

             (2)   Estimation uncertainty (continued)

                   (h)   Fair value estimates of investment properties

                         The best evidence of fair value is given by current prices in an active market for similar
                         lease and other contracts. In the absence of relevant information, the management shall
                         determine the relevant amount within the range of reasonable fair value estimates. The
                         management’s judgment will be based on market rental prices of similar properties under
                         current leases in an active market and discounted cash flow projections based on reliable
                         estimates of future cash flows using discount rates that reflect current market
                         assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash flows. Principal
                         assumptions adopted by the Group in estimating fair values include market rents for
                         similar properties at the same location and under the same conditions, discount rates,
                         vacancy rates, projected future market rent and maintenance cost. For details, please refer
                         to Note V.13.

                   (i)   Fair value of non-listed equity investment

                         Fair value of non-listed equity investment at fair value through profit or loss is estimated
                         using the market-based method. It requires the Group to determine comparable listed
                         companies, elect market multiples and make estimates of liquidity discount and therefore
                         involves uncertainty. The market-based valuation method is adopted to arrive at the fair
                         value of non-listed equity investment at fair value through profit or loss. The assumptions
                         on which it is based are unobservable input. The estimation requires the management to
                         determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry, scale, gearing and
                         strategy and compute appropriate price multiples, such as enterprise value to EBIT (“EV/
                         EBIT”), price to book (“P/B”) or price to earnings (“P/E”), etc., in respect of each identified
                         comparable company. Such multiples are measured and arrived at based on the relevant
                         data of the comparable companies and discounted by a percentage for the lack of
                         liquidity. The discounted multiple shall be used for the measurement of the profit or asset
                         of the non-listed equity investment to arrive at its fair value. The management believes
                         that the estimated fair value (as recorded in the balance sheet) and changes in fair value
                         (as recorded in profit or loss) arrived at using the aforesaid valuation method were
                         reasonable and represented the most appropriate value as the end of the reporting period.
                         For details, please refer to Note X.3.

                   (j)   Incremental loan interest rate of lessee

                         For leases where the interest rate embedded in the lease cannot be determined, the
                         Group uses the lessee’s incremental loan interest rate as the discount rate to calculate the
                         present value of the lease payments. In determining the incremental loan interest rate, the
                         Group uses the observable interest rate as the reference basis for determining the
                         incremental loan interest rate according to the prevailing economic conditions. On this
                         basis, the reference rate is adjusted to arrive at the applicable incremental loan interest
                         rate in accordance with its own circumstances, the condition of the subject asset, the
                         lease term and the amount of the lease liability and other specific circumstances of the
                         leasing business.




                                                                                                                              167
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


IV.     TAXATION

        1.      Principal tax items and tax rates

                Value-added tax            Output tax is payable at a tax rate of 13% on income generated from
                  (“VAT”)                  domestic sales of products and equipment repair services or 5%, 6% and
                                           9% on income from sales service and intangible assets, and VAT is payable
                                           on the difference after deduction of tax credit available for offsetting for the
                                           current period.

                City maintenance and       In accordance with relevant PRC tax regulations and local regulations, city
                  construction tax         maintenance and construction tax is payable according to rates stipulated by
                                           the State based on individual situations of the branches and subsidiaries of
                                           the Group.

                Education surcharge        In accordance with relevant PRC tax regulations and local regulations,
                                           education surcharge is payable according to rates stipulated by the State
                                           based on individual situations of the branches and subsidiaries of the Group.

                Stamp duty                 Payable based on taxable amounts recorded on tax evidence and applicable
                                           tax rates.

                Overseas tax               Overseas taxes are payable in accordance with tax laws of various countries
                                           and regions.

                Enterprise income tax      In accordance with the Law on Enterprise Income Tax of the People’s
                                           Republic of China promulgated on 1 January 2008, enterprise income tax is
                                           payable by the Group on its taxable income.

        2.      Tax concession

                  Company name                                   Concessionary tax rate             Applicable period
                  ZTE Corporation                                15% (National-grade hi-tech        2023–2025
                                                                   enterprise)
                  Shenzhen ZetaMatrix Co., Ltd.                  15% (National-grade hi-tech        2023–2025
                                                                   enterprise)
                  Shanghai Zhongxing Software Company            15% (National-grade hi-tech        2023–2025
                    Limited                                        enterprise)
                  Xi’an Zhongxing New Software Company           15% (National-grade hi-tech        2023–2025
                    Limited                                        enterprise)
                  Zonson Smart Auto Corporation                  15% (National-grade hi-tech        2024–2026
                                                                   enterprise)
                  Sanechips Technology Co., Ltd.                 15% (National-grade hi-tech        2023–2025
                                                                   enterprise)
                  Chongqing Zhongxing Software Company           15% (National-grade hi-tech        2023–2025
                   Limited                                         enterprise)
                  Guangdong Zhongxing Newstart                   15% (National-grade hi-tech        2023–2025
                   Technology Co., Ltd.                            enterprise)




168
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                           Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                 (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                RMB’000


IV.   TAXATION (continued)

      2.   Tax concession (continued)

            Company name                              Concessionary tax rate            Applicable period
            Shenzhen Zhongxing Telecom Technology      15% (National-grade hi-tech      2025–2027
              & Service Company Limited                  enterprise)
            Xi’an ZTE Terminal Technology Limited      15% (Concessions under the       2021–2030
                                                         West China Development
                                                         Policy)
            CRS Technology Co., Ltd.                   15% (National-grade hi-tech      2024–2026
                                                         enterprise)
            Nanjing Zhongxing Software Company         15% (National-grade hi-tech      2023–2025
              Limited                                    enterprise)
            Nanjing Zhongxing New Software Company 15% (National-grade hi-tech          2024–2026
              Limited                                    enterprise)
            Wuhan Zhongxing Software Company           15% (National-grade hi-tech      2025–2027
              Limited                                    enterprise)
            JINZHUAN Information Technology            15% (National-grade hi-tech      2023–2025
              Co., Ltd.                                  enterprise)
            Xi’an ZTE IoT Terminal Co., Ltd.           15% (Concessions under the       2021–2030
                                                         West China Development
                                                         Policy)
            Beijing Zhongxing Guangtai Software        15% (National-grade hi-tech      2023–2025
              Company Limited                            enterprise)
            Nanjing Zhongxing Jinyi Digital Technology 15% (National-grade hi-tech      2024–2026
              Co., Ltd.                                  enterprise)
            Nubia Technology Co.,Ltd.                  15% (National-grade hi-tech      2023–2025
                                                         enterprise)
            ShenZhen Zhongxing Seecom Tech.            15% (National-grade hi-tech      2024–2026
              Co., Ltd.                                  enterprise)
            Sanya Zhongxing Software Company           15% (National-grade hi-tech      2023–2025
              Limited                                    enterprise)
            ZTE (Chengdu) Company Limited              15% (National-grade hi-tech      2025–2027
                                                         enterprise)
            ZICT TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  15% (National-grade hi-tech      2023–2025
                                                         enterprise)
            Changsha Zhongxing Software Company        15% (National-grade hi-tech      2025–2027
              Limited                                    enterprise)




                                                                                                                    169
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        1.      Currency cash

                                                                                        2025             2024
                  Cash on hand                                                          1,552            1,453
                  Bank Deposit                                                     32,731,857       41,694,594
                  Other currency cash                                               1,017,707        2,189,301
                  Total                                                            33,751,116       43,885,348
                  Including: total amount of funds deposited overseas               2,897,883        2,181,928

                As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s currency cash deposited overseas and subject to restrictions
                amounted to RMB23,054,000 (31 December 2024: RMB32,746,000).

        2.      Trading financial assets

                                                                                        2025             2024
                  Investment in equity instruments at fair value through current
                    profit and loss                                                    79,467          108,117
                  Financial assets at fair value through current profit or loss    17,316,948       13,660,664
                  Total                                                            17,396,415       13,768,781

        3.      Derivative financial assets

                                                                                        2025             2024
                  Fair-value hedging instrument (Note IX.3)                           235,175         166,082
                  Cashflow hedging instrument (Note IX.3)                                  —               73
                  Derivative financial assets at fair value through current
                    profit or loss                                                       437             7,284
                  Total                                                               235,612         173,439

        4A.     Trade receivables/factored trade receivables

                Trade receivables are recognised according to the payment schedules agreed under contracts,
                typically with a credit period of 0–90 days, which may be extended to a maximum of 1 year
                depending on the credit records of customers. No interest is accrued on trade receivables.

                (1)     Aging analysis of trade receivables based on due dates was as follows:

                                                                                        2025             2024
                          Not overdue                                              15,431,985       14,143,256
                          Within 1 year                                             5,913,812        6,761,054
                          1 year to 2 years                                         1,054,696        1,207,776
                          2 years to 3 years                                          596,550          705,094
                          Over 3 years                                              4,995,971        4,982,337
                                                                                   27,993,014       27,799,517
                          Less: bad debt provision for trade receivables            6,322,948        6,511,124
                          Total                                                    21,670,066       21,288,393




170
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                        Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                              (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                             RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     4A.   Trade receivables/factored trade receivables (continued)

           (2)   Analysed by method of bad-debt provision

                 2025

                                                          Book balance               Bad debt provision              Book value
                                                         Amount Percentage            Amount Percentage
                  Standalone provision for
                    impairment                          1,867,602         6.67%      1,867,602        100.00%                    —
                  Recognition of provision for
                    impairment by group with
                    credit risk characteristics        26,125,412        93.33%      4,455,346          17.05%        21,670,066
                  Total                                27,993,014      100.00%       6,322,948          22.59%        21,670,066

                 2024

                                                           Book balance              Bad debt provision               Book value
                                                          Amount Percentage           Amount Percentage
                  Standalone provision for
                    impairment                          1,892,338         6.81%      1,892,338        100.00%                    —
                  Recognition of provision for
                    impairment by group with
                    credit risk characteristics        25,907,179        93.19%      4,618,786          17.83%        21,288,393
                  Total                                27,799,517      100.00%       6,511,124          23.42%        21,288,393

                 As at 31 December 2025, bad debt provisions for trade receivables on a group basis were as
                 follows:

                                                                                      Provision for          Percentage of
                                                               Book balance            impairment                provision
                  Not overdue                                        15,431,985              30,104                     0.20%
                  Within 1 year                                       5,809,718             206,508                     3.55%
                  1–2 years                                           1,047,503             461,546                    44.06%
                  2–3 years                                             594,403             515,385                    86.71%
                  Over 3 years                                        3,241,803           3,241,803                   100.00%
                  Total                                              26,125,412           4,455,346                     17.05%

           (3)   Movements in bad debt provisions for trade receivables

                                                               Charge/                            Effect of
                                                  Opening    (reversal)   Write-off              exchange              Closing
                                                  balance for the year for the year                    rate            balance
                  2025                            6,511,124         (55,891)      (110,705)         (21,580)         6,322,948

                 As at 31 December 2025, RMB1,544,000 (31 December 2024: RMB4,272,000) was reversed for
                 trade receivables which were individually significant and for which bad-debt provision had been
                 made separately. There was a write-off in the amount of RMB31,245,000 (31 December 2024:
                 RMB146,000) in respect of trade receivables which were individually significant and for which
                 bad-debt provision had been made separately.




                                                                                                                                 171
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        4A.     Trade receivables/factored trade receivables (continued)

                (4)     Top 5 accounts of trade receivables and contract assets as at 31 December 2025

                                                                                                           As a Closing balance
                                                                                                 percentage of      of bad-debt
                                                                                      Closing     total closing    provision for
                                                                                   balance of       balance of             trade
                                                       Closing         Closing          trade             trade receivables and
                                                    balance of      balance of    receivables      receivables     provision for
                                                         trade        contract   and contract     and contract    impairment of
                                                   receivables          assets         assets            assets contract assets
                          Customer 1                 4,320,262       1,261,409      5,581,671           16.38%           59,037
                          Customer 2                 2,520,777         495,311      3,016,088            8.85%           27,725
                          Customer 3                 1,770,530         441,528      2,212,058            6.49%           33,373
                          Customer 4                 1,023,912             560      1,024,472            3.01%          848,622
                          Customer 5                   790,621              —         790,621            2.32%            9,987
                          Total                    10,426,102        2,198,808     12,624,910           37.05%          978,744

                (5)     Transfer of trade receivables

                        The transfer of trade receivables that did not qualify for derecognition was separately reflected
                        in “Factored trade receivables” and “Bank advances on factored trade receivables”. As at 31
                        December 2025, factored trade receivables amounted to RMB9,070,000 (31 December 2024:
                        RMB6,498,000); and bank advances on factored trade receivables amounted to RMB9,070,000
                        (31 December 2024: RMB6,498,000). For details of the transfer of trade receivables, please refer
                        to Note IX.4.

                        (a)     Factored trade receivables

                                                              31 December 2025                     31 December 2024
                                                          Book Bad debt Carrying                Book Bad debt    Carrying
                                                        balance provision     value           balance provision     value
                                  Factored trade
                                    receivables            9,070           —       9,070        6,498            —       6,498

                        (b)     Movements in bad provision for factored trade receivables

                                                                             Charge/
                                                                           (reversal)      Write-off     Effect of
                                                                 Opening      for the       for the     exchange      Closing
                                                                 balance         year          year           rate    balance
                                  2025                                —            —             —              —          —




172
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                      (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     4B.   Receiving financing

                                                                                         2025                       2024
            Commercial acceptance bills                                             2,669,765                3,971,445
            Bank acceptance bills                                                     370,203                  271,596
            Total                                                                   3,039,968                4,243,041

           If the endorsing or discounting of bills receivable and the disposal of trade receivables only take
           place occasionally or their value, whether individual or aggregated, is minimal, and the objective of
           their business model remains the collection of contract cash flow, they are measured at amortised
           cost; if the enterprise’s business model for bills receivable and trade receivables is aimed at both the
           collection of contract cash flow and disposal, they are classified as financial assets at fair value
           through other comprehensive income and reported as receivable financing.

           (1)   Bills receivable which were discounted but not due as at the balance sheet date were as follows:

                                                       2025                                    2024
                                                                       Not                                       Not
                                         Derecognised         derecognised      Derecognised            derecognised
                    Commercial
                      acceptance bills       3,521,732                   —          1,578,773                           —
                    Bank acceptance
                      bills                  1,025,832                   —           981,970                            —
                    Total                    4,547,564                   —          2,560,743                           —

           (2)   Movements in bad debt provision for receivable financing were set out as follows:

                                                                    Charge/
                                              Opening             (reversal)        Write-off                  Closing
                                              balance          for the year      for the year                  balance
                    2025                          3,013                (237)                —                      2,776

     5.    Prepayments

           (1)   Aging analysis of prepayments was as follows:

                                                     2025                                  2024
                                         Book balance          Percentage      Book balance                Percentage
                    Within 1 year            1,414,817              98.02%           692,097                  100.00%
                    Over 1 year                 28,623               1.98%                —                         —
                    Total                    1,443,440            100.00%            692,097                  100.00%




                                                                                                                         173
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        5.      Prepayments (continued)

                (2)     Top 5 accounts of prepayments as at 31 December 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                                As a percentage
                                                                                                of total amounts
                          Supplier                                                       Amount of prepayments
                          Supplier 1                                                     371,808         25.76%
                          Supplier 2                                                     345,960         23.97%
                          Supplier 3                                                     114,178          7.91%
                          Supplier 4                                                      89,100          6.17%
                          Supplier 5                                                      81,738          5.66%
                          Total                                                        1,002,784         69.47%

        6.      Other receivables

                                                                                            2025           2024
                  Other receivables                                                    2,392,560       2,597,585

                (1)     Aging analysis of other receivables was as follows:

                                                                                            2025           2024
                          Within 1 year                                                2,470,839       2,625,903
                          1 year to 2 years                                               15,188          64,439
                          2 years to 3 years                                               5,048         137,606
                          Over 3 years                                                   302,666         204,137
                                                                                       2,793,741       3,032,085
                          Less: Bad debt provision for other receivables                 401,181         434,500
                          Total                                                        2,392,560       2,597,585

                (2)     Book balance of other receivables analysed by nature were as follows:

                                                                                            2025           2024
                          Employee advances                                               23,633          11,581
                          Transactions with third parties                              2,770,108       3,020,504
                          Total                                                        2,793,741       3,032,085




174
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                                                      Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                            (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     6.   Other receivables (continued)

          (3)   Charge of bad debt provision

                2025

                                                       Book balance                 Bad debt provision             Book value
                                                      Amount Percentage              Amount Percentage
                 Recognition of provision for
                   impairment by group with
                   credit risk characteristics      2,793,741      100.00%           401,181          14.36%          2,392,560

                As at 31 December 2025, bad debt provisions for other receivables on a group basis were as
                follows:

                                                                                     Provision for         Percentage of
                                                            Book balance              impairment               provision
                 Aging risk portfolio                             2,793,741               401,181                     14.36%

                For financial assets included in other receivables based on expected credit losses in the next
                12 months and expected credit losses during the entire life, the change of respective provisions
                for bad debt was as follows:

                                                      Stage 1           Stage 2                Stage 3                    Total
                                                                       Expected      Financial assets
                                                                   credit losses            with credit
                                                     Expected        during the            impairment
                                                 credit losses        entire life            occurred
                                                   in the next    (credit losses        (credit losses
                                                    12 months      not incurred)             incurred)
                 Opening balance                        5,122                 —                429,378                 434,500
                 Charge for the year                    2,773                 —                 29,540                  32,313
                 Reversal for the year                     —                  —                (58,377)                (58,377)
                 Write-off for the year                    —                  —                  (4,546)                 (4,546)
                 Exchange rate effect                      —                  —                  (2,709)                 (2,709)
                 Closing balance                        7,895                 —                393,286                 401,181

                Change in bad debt provisions for other receivables were as follows:

                                                                   Charge/
                                                                 (reversal)    Write-off Exchange
                                                   Opening          for the     for the       rate                   Closing
                                                   balance             year        year movement                     balance
                 Aging risk portfolio               434,500        (26,064)          (4,546)         (2,709)         401,181




                                                                                                                               175
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        6.      Other receivables (continued)

                (4)     As at 31 December 2025, top five accounts of other receivables were as follows:

                                                                  As a percentage                                                  Closing
                                                                       of the total                                             balance of
                                                       Closing    amount of other                                                bad debt
                          Due from                     balance         receivables    Nature              Age                    provision
                          Third-party entity 1        1,182,269            42.32%     Transactions with   Within 1 year            13,116
                                                                                        third parties
                          Third-party entity 2         116,623              4.17%     Transactions with   Over 3 years            116,623
                                                                                        third parties
                          Third-party entity 3          92,000              3.29%     Transactions with   Over 3 years             92,000
                                                                                        third parties
                          Third-party entity 4          40,846              1.46%     Transactions with   Within 1 year                69
                                                                                        third parties
                          Third-party entity 5          14,110              0.51%     Transactions with   Over 3 years             14,110
                                                                                        third parties
                          Total                       1,445,848            51.75%                                                 235,918

        7.      Inventories

                (1)     Classification of inventories

                                                                      2025                                         2024
                                                             Book Provision for        Carrying         Book    Provision for      Carrying
                                                           balance impairment             value       balance    impairment           value
                          Raw materials and
                             materials under
                             subcontract processing      28,540,603     3,552,961     24,987,642   26,549,462     3,747,848      22,801,614
                          Work in progress                2,420,453        44,698      2,375,755    2,942,300        50,466       2,891,834
                          Inventory                       3,895,567       355,883      3,539,684    3,170,755       321,697       2,849,058
                          Dispatch of goods               8,505,971       827,524      7,678,447    7,985,425       664,133       7,321,292
                          Contract performance
                             costs                        8,962,966       527,372      8,435,594    5,919,759       525,900       5,393,859
                          Total                          52,325,560     5,308,438     47,017,122   46,567,701     5,310,044      41,257,657




176
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     7.   Inventories (continued)

          (2)   Provision for impairment of inventories

                (a)   Movements in provision for impairment of inventory were as follows:

                                                                           Charge/
                                                          Opening     (reversal) for    Write-off for                              Closing
                                                          balance          the year         the year              Others           balance
                       Raw materials and materials
                          under subcontract
                          processing                      3,747,848         (184,637)        (10,303)                 53          3,552,961
                       Work in progress                      50,466           (5,762)             —                   (6)            44,698
                       Inventories                          321,697           12,226          (1,411)             23,371            355,883
                       Dispatch of goods and
                          contract cost                   1,190,033         370,212         (200,801)              (4,548)        1,354,896
                       Total                              5,310,044         192,039         (212,515)             18,870          5,308,438

                      The reversal or write-off of provision for impairment of inventories for the year was
                      attributable to the increase in net realisable value or the write-off of corresponding
                      provision for impairment of inventories upon completion of commodity sales.

                (b)   Inventory provision for impairment of inventories on a group basis as follows:

                                                                2025                                        2024
                                                       Book Provision for Percentage               Book Provision for            Percentage
                                                     balance impairment of provision             balance impairment              of provision
                       Terminal                  5,656,127        338,503          5.98%       3,828,634            311,861            8.15%
                       Non-terminal
                         Raw materials         26,337,406       3,345,988         12.70%      25,150,320          3,566,426          14.18%
                         Work in progress       1,652,196          35,753          2.16%       2,430,627             40,865           1.68%
                         Inventories            1,585,121         235,019         14.83%       1,435,269            200,859          13.99%
                         Dispatch of goods
                            and contract
                            fulfillment cost   17,094,710       1,353,175          7.92%      13,722,851          1,190,033            8.67%
                       Total                   52,325,560       5,308,438         10.15%      46,567,701          5,310,044          11.40%

                      The specific basis for the net realisable value of terminal products is the estimated selling
                      price less further processing costs and estimated selling expenses and related taxes. For
                      raw materials of non-terminal products, work in progress and finished products, the net
                      realisable value of the relevant inventories is comprehensively assessed with reference to
                      the risk of obsolescence based on historical data and future market demand as well as
                      product replacement risk, taking into account the inventory age. At the same time, based
                      on the principle of prudence, full provision is made for raw materials aged over 5 years,
                      work in progress aged over 1 year, and finished products aged over 2 years. The net
                      realisable value of delivered goods and contract fulfilment costs is determined based on
                      inventory age, historical empirical data and business risk estimates.




                                                                                                                                           177
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        8.      Contract assets

                (1)     Information on contract assets

                                                                     2025                                         2024
                                                            Book Provision for     Carrying           Book     Provision for      Carrying
                                                          balance impairment          value         balance     impairment           value
                          Contract assets             6,091,610        210,444     5,881,166       5,215,711       243,637       4,972,074

                        Contract assets refer to the right to receive consideration for commodities that have been
                        transferred to customers. Contract assets arise when the performance of contract obligations is
                        ahead of the payment schedule agreed under the contract. Contract assets are transferred to
                        receivables when the right to receive payment becomes unconditional under the terms of the
                        contract.

                (2)     Analysed by method of charging provision for impairment of contract assets

                        2025

                                                                    Book balance     Provision for impairment                  Book value
                                                                   Amount Percentage     Amount Percentage
                          Standalone provision for
                            impairment                             102,629        1.68%           102,629       100.00%                —
                          Recognition of provision for
                            impairment by group with
                            credit risk characteristics           5,988,981      98.32%           107,815          1.80%        5,881,166
                          Total                                   6,091,610      100.00%          210,444          3.45%        5,881,166

                        2024

                                                                    Book balance               Provision for impairment        Book value
                                                                   Amount Percentage               Amount Percentage
                          Standalone provision for
                            impairment                             105,401        2.02%           105,401       100.00%                —
                          Recognition of provision for
                            impairment by group with
                            credit risk characteristics           5,110,310      97.98%           138,236          2.71%        4,972,074
                          Total                                   5,215,711      100.00%          243,637          4.67%        4,972,074




178
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     8.   Contract assets (continued)

          (2)      Analysed by method of charging provision for impairment of contract assets (continued)

                   (a)   Contract assets for which provision for impairments were individually made were as follows:

                                                                         2025                                                 2024
                                                             Provision
                                                  Book             for Percentage                                     Book Provision for
                                                balance    impairment of provision       Reason                     balance impairment
                           Customer 1            42,792         42,792          100%     Debtor in serious           42,745           42,745
                                                                                           financial distress
                           Customer 2            35,792         35,792          100%     Debtor in serious           37,351           37,351
                                                                                           financial distress
                           Others                24,045         24,045          100%     Debtor in serious           25,305           25,305
                                                                                           financial distress
                           Total                102,629       102,629                                               105,401          105,401

                   (b)   As at 31 December 2025, contract assets for which provision for impairments were made
                         on a group basis were follows:

                                                                                                Provision for          Percentage of
                                                                         Book balance            impairment                provision
                           Contract assets                                     5,988,981               107,815                       1.80%

          (3)      Movements in provision for impairment of contract assets were as follows:

                                                               Provisions/               Exchange
                                                      Opening    (reversal)   Write-off       rate                               Closing
                                                      balance for the year for the year movements                                balance
                    2025                               243,637               (26,191)             —             (7,002)          210,444

     9.   Debt investment

                                                       31 December 2025                                  31 December 2024
                                                  Book Provision for             Carrying           Book    Provision for            Carrying
                                                balance    impairment               value         balance     impairment                value
           Large-amount certificates
             of deposit with a term
             of over one year                30,879,577                  —      30,879,577    25,068,445                 —        25,068,445
           Others                               201,746                  —         201,746            —                  —                —
           Total                             31,081,323                  —      31,081,323    25,068,445                 —        25,068,445

          Note: Large-amount certificates of deposit represent large-amount deposit certificates issued by financial institutions engaged in
                banking deposit business to individuals, non-financial enterprises and organisations, which is a type of bank deposit
                product. As at 31 December 2025, debt investments held by the Group basically consist of large-amount certificates of
                deposit with maturity of over 1 year.




                                                                                                                                           179
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        10.     Long-term receivables/factored long-term receivables

                (1)     Long-term receivables

                                                                            2025                                     2024
                                                                 Book     Bad debt        Carrying        Book     Bad debt     Carrying     Range of
                                                               Balance    provision          value      Balance    provision       value discount rate
                          Installment payments for the
                             provision of telecommunication
                             system construction projects
                             and finance lease payments       1,230,669     32,664    1,198,005         885,890      51,918     833,972 3.10%–7.05%

                (2)     Movements in bad debt provision for long-term trade receivables were as follows:

                                                                           Charge/                                      Effect of
                                                              Opening    (reversal)   Write-off                        exchange            Closing
                                                              balance for the year for the year                              rate          balance
                          31 December 2025                     51,918       (19,104)         —                                 (150)         32,664

                        Bad-debt provision for long-term receivables takes into account the credit characteristics of
                        different customers and is based on expected credit loss during the entire life. All long-term
                        trade receivables were not due and the rate of expected credit loss was 2.65%.

                (3)     Transfer of long-term receivables

                        Transfer of long-term trade receivables that did not qualify for derecognition was separately
                        classified as “Factored long-term trade receivables” and “Bank advances on factored long-term
                        trade receivables”. As at 31 December 2025, factored trade receivables amounted to
                        RMB3,628,000 (2024: RMB8,664,000) and bank advances on factored trade receivables
                        amounted to RMB3,628,000 (2024: RMB8,664,000). For details of the transfer of long-term
                        receivables, please refer to Note IX.4.

                        (a)     Factored long-term receivables

                                                                             2025                                              2024
                                                                 Book       Bad debt           Carrying             Book       Bad debt       Carrying
                                                               balance      provision             value           balance      provision         value
                                  Factored long-term
                                    receivables                  3,628                —              3,628          8,664              —         8,664

                        (b)     Movements in bad-debt provision for factored long-term receivables

                                                                           Charge/                                      Effect of
                                                              Opening    (reversal)   Write-off                        exchange            Closing
                                                              balance for the year for the year                              rate          balance
                                  2025                             —            —            —                                 —                —




180
                                                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                        Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                                                                                              (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                                                                                             RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     11.   Investment in associates and joints

           (1)   Information on investment in associates and joints

                                                                                                                                                                                    2025                                           2024
                       Equity method
                         Joint ventures                                                                                                  (i)                             1,250,822                                  1,025,780
                         Associates                                                                                                      (ii)                            1,444,718                                  1,425,314
                       Less: provision for impairment of investment
                               in associates and joints                                                                                                                       117,258                                   117,258
                       Total                                                                                                                                             2,578,282                                  2,333,836

                 (i)       Joint Ventures

                                                                                                                                                   Movement during the year

                                                                                          Provision for                  Decrease of        Investment                                                                            Provision for
                                                                                         impairment at                investment and       gains/losses         Other                                   Charge of               impairment as
                                                               Shareholding Opening book the beginning    Increase of other outgoing       under equity comprehensive   Other equity                 provision for Closing book at the end of
                                                                percentage       balance        of year    investment        transfer           method        income      movement Cash dividend      impairment        balance       the year

                               Puxing Mobile Telecom
                                  Equipment Co., Ltd.               33.85%          1,207            —             —               —                 —             —            —              —              —            1,207             —
                               DataService Technology
                                  Co., Ltd.                         49.00%         39,742            —             —               —               883             —            —          (3,438)            —           37,187             —
                               Shaanxi Zhongtou Zhanlu
                                  Phase I Equity Investment
                                  Partnership Enterprise
                                  (Limited Partnership)             40.00%         63,400            —             —           (7,108)             668             —            —              —              —           56,960             —
                               Shaanxi Zhongtou Zhanlu
                                  Phase II Equity Investment
                                  Partnership Enterprise
                                  (Limited Partnership)             40.25%        104,871            —             —               —              5,520            —            —              —              —         110,391              —
                               Zhuhai Hongtu Zhanlu Equity
                                  Investment Partnership
                                  Enterprise (Limited
                                  Partnership)                      40.00%        724,012            —             —               —            305,119            —            —         (99,135)            —         929,996              —
                               Beijing Shunyi Jianguang
                                  Zhanlu Emerging Industry
                                  Equity Investment
                                  Partnership (Limited
                                  Partnership)                      58.75%         92,548            —        23,530               —               (997)           —            —              —              —         115,081              —

                                                                                1,025,780            —        23,530           (7,108)          311,193            —            —        (102,573)            —        1,250,822             —




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        181
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        11.     Investment in associates and joints (continued)

                (1)     Information on investment in associates and joints (continued)

                        (ii)    Associates

                                                                                                                                                        Movement during the year

                                                                                                 Provision for                   Decrease of      Investment                                                                            Provision for
                                                                                                impairment at                 investment and     gains/losses         Other                                   Charge of               impairment as
                                                                      Shareholding Opening book the beginning     Increase of other outgoing     under equity comprehensive    Other equity                provision for Closing book at the end of
                                                                       percentage       balance        of year     investment        transfer         method        income       movement Cash dividend     impairment        balance       the year

                                    HENGYANG ICT REAL-ESTATE
                                       CO., LTD                            30.00%             —        (52,446)            —               —              —              —             —             —              —               —         (52,446)
                                    WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY
                                       CO., LTD.                           27.62%      1,081,396            —              —               —          56,865           (255)           —             —              —        1,138,006             —
                                    Xingyun Times Technology
                                       Co., Ltd.                           23.26%        115,138            —              —               —             684             —             —             —              —         115,822              —
                                    Qingdao Hongtu Zhanlu Phase
                                       II Private Equity Investment
                                       Fund Partnership (Limited
                                       Partnership)                        33.33%         59,339            —              —               —            (950)            —             —             —              —           58,389             —
                                    * Other investments                                   52,183       (64,812)            —          (42,058)         5,321             —             —           (203)            —           15,243        (64,812)

                                                                                       1,308,056      (117,258)            —          (42,058)        61,920           (255)           —           (203)            —        1,327,460       (117,258)


                                *              Zhongxing (Wenzhou) Urban Rail Transportation Communication Technical Co. Ltd. ceased to be accounted
                                               for as an associate for the period owing to the loss of significant influence following the disposal of entire
                                               equity interest in this company.

        12.     Other non-current financial assets

                                                                                                                                                                                           2025                                          2024
                  Equity instrument investment at fair value through current
                    profit and loss                                                                                                                                              687,921                                      715,761
                  Financial assets at fair value through current profit or loss                                                                                                1,104,699                                           —
                  Total                                                                                                                                                        1,792,620                                      715,761

        13.     Investment properties

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Buildings and
                                                                                                                                                                                                           land use rights
                  Opening balance                                                                                                                                                                                                99,045
                  Fair value change (Note V.52)                                                                                                                                                                                  (4,468)
                  Acquisition                                                                                                                                                                                                        —
                  Other transfers                                                                                                                                                                                                    —
                  Closing balance                                                                                                                                                                                                94,577

                As at 31 December 2025, no investment properties (31 December 2024: Nil) had yet to obtain title
                registration certificates.




182
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                        Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                              (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                             RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     14.   Property, plant and equipment

                                     Buildings
                                           and    Freehold   Electronic    Machinery                      Other
                                    structures        land   equipment     equipment     Vehicles    equipment               Total
            Cost
              Opening balance       12,766,761      27,499    9,505,981     3,107,538    223,534         418,856      26,050,169
              Acquisitions             107,008          —     1,200,003       179,682     12,057          36,109       1,534,859
              Transfer from
                 construction in
                 progress/others       44,989           —            —             —           —               —           44,989
              Disposal or
                 retirement            (78,115)         —      (795,444)     (187,178)    (15,655)       (28,152)      (1,104,544)
              Exchange rate
                 adjustments             5,241       3,750      11,981         (5,478)       101           (5,815)           9,780
            Closing balance         12,845,884      31,249    9,922,521     3,094,564    220,037         420,998      26,535,253
            Cumulative
              depreciation
              Opening balance        3,474,097          —     5,869,444     2,080,956    132,213         287,630      11,844,340
              Provision                484,989          —     1,326,237       179,591     16,042          38,742       2,045,601
              Disposal or
                 retirement             (8,418)         —      (642,226)     (142,677)    (13,807)         (5,649)       (812,777)
              Exchange rate
                 adjustments             4,988          —       13,851         (6,522)       304           (4,407)           8,214
            Closing balance          3,955,656          —     6,567,306     2,111,348    134,752         316,316      13,085,378
            Provision for
              impairment
              Opening balance          20,775           —         1,046         5,511          —               78          27,410
              Provision                    —            —            —             —           —               —               —
              Disposal or
                 retirement                 —           —            —             —           —               —                —
              Exchange rate
                 adjustments                —           —          519             —           —               —               519
            Closing balance            20,775           —         1,565         5,511          —               78          27,929
            Book value
              As at the end
                of the year          8,869,453      31,249    3,353,650      977,705      85,285         104,604      13,421,946
              As at the beginning
                of the year          9,271,889      27,499    3,635,491     1,021,071     91,321         131,148      14,178,419

           As at 31 December 2025, the Group was in the process of applying for property ownership certificate
           for buildings in Shenzhen, Shanghai and Nanjing, among others, in China with a net book value of
           approximately RMB4,320,173,000 (31 December 2024: RMB4,508,863,000)




                                                                                                                                 183
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        15.     Construction in progress

                Changes in major construction in progress as at 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                     Construction
                                                                                   Transfer to                                                        contribution
                                                                       Increase      property,                                                                as a
                                                            Opening   during the     plant and       Other Provision for   Closing Source of        percentage of
                                                  Budget    balance         year    equipment    reduction impairment      balance funds                   budget Work progress
                  Shenzhen Super Headquarters     692,147   338,099      36,198             —          —              —    374,297 Internal funds           54% Under
                      Project                                                                                                                                     construction
                  ZTE Southwest Technological     870,600    12,230      56,782             —          —              —     69,012 Internal funds            8% Under
                      Innovation Centre project                                                                                                                   construction
                  Others                                    335,047      64,840        44,989          —              —    354,898 Internal funds               Under
                                                                                                                                                                  construction
                                                            685,376     157,820        44,989          —              —    798,207


                As at 31 December 2025, there was no capitalised interest in the balance of the construction in
                progress (31 December 2024: Nil).

        16.     Leases

                (1)      As lessee

                         Lease assets rented by the Group included buildings and structures, transportation equipment
                         and other equipment required in the course of business. Buildings and structures are typically
                         leased for terms of 1 year to 10 years, transportation equipment and other equipment are
                         typically leased for terms of 1 to 5 years, and other equipment are typically leased for terms of
                         1 to 5 years. Some lease contracts provide for options of renewal and termination.

                                                                                                                                      2025                             2024
                            Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                    86,675                         79,784
                            Short-term leases through current profit or loss using
                              simplified approach                                                                               103,504                           102,147
                            Total cash outflow relating to leases                                                               578,068                           511,799




184
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     16.   Leases (continued)

           (1)   As lessee (continued)

                 (a)   Rights-of-use assets

                                                 Buildings and                             Other
                                                     structures        Vehicles       equipment                      Total
                        Cost
                         Opening balance             2,147,849           85,435           594,974              2,828,258
                         Increase                      171,509            2,683           326,873                501,065
                         Decrease                         (779)              —                 —                    (779)
                         Exchange rate
                            adjustment                   (3,602)          (1,377)            3,821                  (1,158)
                        Closing balance              2,314,977           86,741           925,668              3,327,386
                        Cumulative
                         depreciation
                         Opening balance             1,099,589           56,948           120,148              1,276,685
                         Charge                        343,936            6,568           164,881                515,385
                         Decrease                         (584)              —                 —                    (584)
                         Exchange rate
                           adjustment                      (264)          (1,325)            3,200                   1,611
                        Closing balance              1,442,677           62,191           288,229              1,793,097
                        Book value
                          As at the end
                            of the year                872,300           24,550           637,439              1,534,289
                           As at the beginning
                             of the year             1,048,260           28,487           474,826              1,551,573

                 (b)   Lease liabilities

                       Lease liabilities due within one year are shown under Non-current liabilities due within one
                       year, amounting to RMB732,813,000 as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024:
                       RMB544,777,000).

                       Long-term lease liabilities were set out as follows:

                                                                                           2025                       2024
                        Lease liabilities                                              940,369                   972,943




                                                                                                                           185
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        16.     Leases (continued)

                (2)     As lessor

                        (a)     Finance leasing:

                                Profit or loss relating to finance leases was set out as follows:

                                                                                                     2025        2024
                                  Interest income from finance leases                               50,528     55,133

                                According to the lease contract signed with the lessees, minimum lease payments falling
                                due were as follows:

                                                                                                     2025        2024
                                  Within 1 year                                               1,182,270      1,482,270
                                  Over 1 year                                                   300,000             —
                                  Less: unrealised finance income                                25,972         98,170
                                  Lease investment, net                                       1,456,298      1,384,100

                        (b)     Operating lease:

                                Profit or loss relating to operating leases was set out as follows:

                                                                                                     2025        2024
                                  Lease income                                                 116,889        110,875

                                According to the lease contract signed with lessee, minimum lease payments falling due
                                were as follows:

                                                                                                     2025        2024
                                  Within 1 year (including 1 year)                             102,450        182,329
                                  1 to 2 years (including 2 years)                              79,322         89,166
                                  2 to 3 years (including 3 years)                              61,122         69,553
                                  3 to 4 years (including 4 years)                              42,044         55,900
                                  4 to 5 years (including 5 years)                              32,719         40,684
                                  More than 5 years                                            159,063        185,268
                                  Total                                                        476,720        622,900




186
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                    Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     17.   Intangible assets

                                                                                               Deferred
                                                    Technology   Land use                   development
                                       Software      know-how        right    Franchise            costs                 Total
            Cost
              Opening balance          1,824,316       460,093   2,874,912    2,188,414        21,269,472         28,617,207
              Acquisition                310,693        35,949         658       11,407                —             358,707
              In-house R&D                    —             —           —            —          1,202,450          1,202,450
              Disposal or retirement    (104,124)           —      (13,313)          —                 —            (117,437)
              Exchange rate
                 adjustments              (7,544)           —           —        32,125                   —            24,581
            Closing balance            2,023,341       496,042   2,862,257    2,231,946        22,471,922         30,085,508
            Cumulative amortization
              Opening balance           986,106        362,412    609,738     1,622,480        16,947,558         20,528,294
              Provision                 472,197         44,006     72,779        38,506         1,678,524          2,306,012
              Disposal or retirement    (97,750)            —      (2,417)           —                 —            (100,167)
              Exchange rate
                 adjustments              (4,069)            2          —         6,489                   —             2,422
            Closing balance            1,356,484       406,420    680,100     1,667,475        18,626,082         22,736,561
            Provision for impairment
              Opening balance            92,657         81,359          —       544,221            211,476            929,713
              Provision                      —              —           —            —             400,487            400,487
              Disposal or retirement         —              —           —            —                  —                  —
              Exchange rate
                 adjustments              (2,341)           —           —         4,437                   —             2,096
            Closing balance              90,316         81,359          —       548,658            611,963          1,332,296
            Book value
              As at the end
                of the year             576,541          8,263   2,182,157       15,813          3,233,877          6,016,651
              As at the beginning
                of the year             745,553         16,322   2,265,174       21,713          4,110,438          7,159,200

           As at 31 December 2025, the Group was in the process of obtaining the land use right certificate of
           land blocks located in Nanjing in the PRC with a carrying value of approximately RMB84,302,000 (31
           December 2024: RMB85,838,000).

           As at 31 December 2025, intangible assets formed through internal research and development
           accounted for 54% (31 December 2024: 57%) of the book value of intangible assets as at the end of
           the year.




                                                                                                                             187
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        17.     Intangible assets (continued)

                Products had been withdrawn from market owing to market performance falling short of expectations
                and impairment testing was conducted on items in development expense which were subject to
                impairment.

                                                   Carrying    Recoverable      Impairment    Method for determining
                                                      value        amount          amount     fair value and disposal cost
                  Project 1                          10,042               —          10,042   Product taken off from market
                  Project 2                          57,923               —          57,923     and fair value assessed by
                                                                                                Company to be RMB0
                  Project 3                         373,299          40,777        332,522    Fair value RMB40,777
                                                                                                thousand
                  Total                             441,264          40,777        400,487

        18.     Deferred development cost

                Please refer to Note VI.2.

        19.     Goodwill

                                                                                                        ZTE Hotel
                                                                                                         Shenzhen
                                                               Suzhou Laxense            NETAŞ       Investment &
                                           Zhuhai Guangtong        Technology TELEKOMÜNİKASYON        Management
                                               Bus Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.            A.Ş.   Company Limited        Total
                  At cost
                     Opening balance                 186,206           33,500            89,763            14,425      323,894
                     Increase during
                        the year                          —                —                  —                —             —
                     Decrease during
                        the year                          —                —                  —                —             —
                     Exchange rate
                        movement                          —                —                  —                —             —
                                                     186,206           33,500            89,763            14,425      323,894
                  Provision for
                     impairment
                     Opening balance                 186,206           33,500            89,763                —       309,469
                     Increase during
                        the year                          —                —                  —            14,425       14,425
                     Decrease during
                        the year                          —                —                  —                —             —
                     Exchange rate
                        movement                          —                —                  —                —             —
                                                     186,206           33,500            89,763            14,425      323,894
                  Carrying value                          —                —                  —                —             —

                The Group acquired ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment & Management Company Limited in September
                2024, giving rise to goodwill amounting RMB14,425,000. A full provision for impairment was made by
                the Group for the year following an impairment review of the asset group to which the goodwill was
                related.




188
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     19.   Goodwill (continued)

           Information on the asset group or combined asset group relating to goodwill:

                                     Composition and
                                     basis of the asset group
                                     or combined asset        Business segment and                        Whether consistent with
                                     group                    basis                                       previous year
            ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Hotel management          For internal management Yes
              Investment &       business generating       purposes, this
              Management         cash inflow which is      combined asset group
              Company Limited    basically independent     was allocated to the
                                 from cash inflow          government and
                                 generated by other        corporate business
                                 assets or asset groups.   segment.

           Recoverable amount determined on the basis of the present value of estimated future cashflow:

                                                                  Duration
                                                                of budget/                                            Basis for determining
                                 Carrying Recoverable Impairment forecast    Key parameters of      Key parameters of key parameters of
                                    value     amount     amount     period   budget/forecast period stability period  stability period
            ZTE Hotel Shenzhen    25,175      10,750      14,425         5   Recoverable amount is Growth rate for the Estimated cash flow is
              Investment &                                                     calculated on the      forecast period    based on 5-year cash
              Management                                                       basis of present value 2%–8%              flow estimates
              Company Limited                                                  of future cash flow                       approved by
                                                                                                      Discount rate 10%  Company
                                                                                                                         management
                                                                                                      Perpetual growth
                                                                                                      rate 1%

           An impairment review was conducted during the year in respect of the asset groups from which
           goodwill arose and the recoverable amount was estimated to be lower than the carrying amount.
           Impairment was charged for the full amount of the difference, following which the carrying value of
           goodwill included in the ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment & Management Company Limited asset
           group was reduced to RMB0.

           Goodwill arising from business combination was allocated to the Zonson Smart Auto Corporation
           asset group (Zhuhai Guangtong Bus Co., Ltd.), Suzhou Laxense Technology Co., Ltd. asset group,
           NETAŞ TELEKOMÜNİKASYON A.Ş. asset group for impairment test. On the basis of the results of
           such impairment test, full provision for impairment was made in respect of the goodwill arising from
           such asset groups.




                                                                                                                                           189
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        20.     Deferred tax assets/liabilities

                (1)     Deferred tax assets which were not offset:

                                                                        2025                          2024
                                                             Deductible                    Deductible
                                                              temporary        Deferred     temporary        Deferred
                                                             differences     tax assets    differences     tax assets
                          Deferred tax assets
                            Unrealised profits arising on
                              intra-group consolidation       2,991,629         508,577     1,692,118           287,660
                            Provision for impairment
                              and bad-debt provision
                              for inventory                   6,073,264       1,255,583     6,541,696         1,325,920
                            Estimated construction
                              contract losses                   942,504         141,376     1,631,655           244,748
                            Amortisation of
                              development costs               4,137,415         607,731     4,261,206           627,239
                            Provision for warranties and
                              returned goods                    197,154          45,345       188,425            43,338
                            Long-term employee
                              benefits payable                  141,685          32,588       153,647            35,339
                            Deductible tax losses             4,697,220         730,236     3,403,202           535,406
                            Deferred income                     980,100         228,341       966,677           221,395
                            Accruals and contract
                              liabilities                    10,986,740       1,735,182     7,310,187         1,171,479
                            Lease liabilities                 1,673,182         250,977     1,517,720           227,658
                          Total                              32,820,893       5,535,936    27,666,533         4,720,182

                (2)     Deferred tax liabilities which were not offset:

                                                                        2025                          2024
                                                                 Taxable                       Taxable
                                                              temporary      Deferred       temporary         Deferred
                                                             differences tax liabilities   differences    tax liabilities
                          Deferred tax liabilities
                            Revaluation gain of
                              investment properties             256,241          39,881       289,632            45,092
                            Investment in financial
                              instruments through
                              profit or loss at fair value      379,155          56,168       282,341            40,833
                            Fair-value adjustment of
                              business combination not
                              under common control               36,720           5,508        63,026             9,454
                            Rights-of-use assets              1,534,289         267,904     1,551,573           225,989
                            Others                              724,718         108,708       622,513            93,377
                          Total                               2,931,123         478,169     2,809,085           414,745




190
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     20.   Deferred tax assets/liabilities (continued)

           (3)   The net amount of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities after set-off:

                                                              2025                              2024
                                                     Amount of Amount after            Amount of Amount after
                                                        set-off     set-off               set-off     set-off
                  Deferred tax assets                    370,259       5,165,677          324,094              4,396,088
                  Deferred tax liabilities               370,259         107,910          324,094                 90,651

           (4)   Deductible temporary differences and deductible losses of unrecognised deferred tax assets:

                                                                                           2025                       2024
                  Deductible temporary differences                                  11,804,660               10,453,634
                  Deductible losses                                                 21,176,657               17,525,460
                  Total                                                             32,981,317               27,979,094

           (5)   Deductible losses of unrecognised deferred tax assets expiring in:

                                                                                           2025                       2024
                  2025                                                                      —                   210,616
                  2026                                                                 374,613                  446,463
                  2027                                                                 930,433                1,069,920
                  2028                                                               1,349,442                1,368,520
                  Beyond 2029                                                       18,522,169               14,429,941
                  Total                                                             21,176,657               17,525,460

                 As it was not probable that the company incurring the aforesaid loss is expected to report profit
                 in future, there is no profit available to offset the loss, the Group did not recognize deferred tax
                 asset in respect of the aforesaid tax loss.

     21.   Non-current assets with a term of one year or less

                                                                                           2025                       2024
            Debt investment                                                            510,698                       3,085




                                                                                                                           191
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        22.     Other current assets/other non-current assets

                (1)     Other current assets

                                                                                                                           2025                      2024
                          Credit tax available for set off                                                         10,417,873                  8,698,292
                          Others                                                                                      168,756                    201,056
                          Total                                                                                    10,586,629                  8,899,348

                (2)     Other non-current assets

                                                                           2025                                                  2024
                                                                  Book Provision for              Carrying           Book     Provision for         Carrying
                                                                balance impairment                   value         balance     impairment              value
                          Prepayments for projects,
                             equipment and land                  635,131             —          635,131           612,635               —           612,635
                          Risk compensation fund                       1             —                1            41,003               —            41,003
                          Guarantee deposit                       22,614             —           22,614            22,585               —            22,585
                          Restricted cash (Note 1)             3,348,726             —        3,348,726         3,357,328               —         3,357,328
                          Prepaid income tax                     294,075             —          294,075           227,299               —           227,299
                          Property project (Note 2)            1,516,604        356,270       1,160,334         1,516,604          356,270        1,160,334
                          Others                               2,569,486         22,230       2,547,256         1,477,010            1,677        1,475,333
                          Total                                8,386,637        378,500       8,008,137         7,254,464          357,947        6,896,517

                        Note 1:    Restricted funds represented deposits in an escrow account. For details, please refer to Note XII.2.

                        Note 2:    Due to changes in the real estate market environment, an impairment test was conducted on the held property
                                   projects. The recoverable amount was determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows:


                                                                                       Duration
                                                                                         of the                                           Basis for
                                                                                        budget/     Key parameters     Key parameters     determining the key
                                                              Recoverable Impairment   forecast     for the budget/    for the stable     parameters of the
                                                 Book value       amount     amount      period     forecast period    period             stable period
                                     Property     1,516,604     1,160,334    356,270        20      The recoverable    Forecast period    The projected cash
                                       Project                                                        amount is          growth rate        flows are based on
                                                                                                      calculated         2.5%–4.5%          a 20-year cash flow
                                                                                                      based on the       Discount rate 6%   forecast approved
                                                                                                      present value of   Perpetual growth   by the Company’s
                                                                                                      future cash        Rate 2%            management
                                                                                                      flows

        23.     Assets under restrictions on ownership or right of use

                2025

                                                                                                                         Type of
                                                                       Book balance           Carrying value             restriction          Status
                  Currency cash                                              1,017,707                 1,017,707         Note 1               Note 1
                  Property, plant and equipment                                506,837                   411,178         Security             Note 2
                  Intangible assets                                            160,790                   131,580         Security             Note 3
                  Other non-current assets                                   3,348,727                 3,348,727         Note 4               Note 4
                    — restricted cash
                  Total                                                      5,034,061                 4,909,192




192
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     23.   Assets under restrictions on ownership or right of use (continued)

           2024

                                                                                                         Type of
                                                            Book balance           Carrying value        restriction         Status
            Currency cash                                        2,189,301               2,189,301       Note 1              Note 1
            Property, plant and equipment                          506,837                 427,130       Security            Note 2
            Intangible assets                                      160,790                 134,796       Security            Note 3
            Other non-current assets                             3,398,331               3,398,331       Note 4              Note 4
              — restricted cash
            Total                                                6,255,259               6,149,558

           Note 1:   As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s currency cash subject to ownership or right-of-use restriction amounted to
                     RMB1,017,707,000 (31 December 2024: RMB2,189,301,000), including guarantee of RMB287,169,000 (31 December
                     2024: RMB541,046,000), dues from the People’s Bank of China of RMB723,136,000 (31 December 2024:
                     RMB1,619,625,000) and others of RMB7,402,000 (31 December 2024: RMB28,630,000).

           Note 2:   As at 31 December 2025, property, plant and equipment with a total carrying value of RMB411,178,000 (31 December
                     2024: RMB427,130,000) were pledged to secure bank borrowing. No property, plant and equipment were pledged in
                     connection with asset acquisitions (31 December 2024: Nil). The depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment
                     under security as at 31 December 2025 was RMB15,952,000 (31 December 2024: RMB15,947,000).

           Note 3:   As at 31 December 2025, intangible assets with a total carrying value of RMB131,580,000 (31 December 2024:
                     RMB134,796,000) were pledged to secure bank borrowing. No intangible assets were pledged in connection with asset
                     acquisitions (31 December 2024: Nil). The amortisation charge of property, plant and equipment under security as at 31
                     December 2025 was RMB3,216,000 (31 December 2024: RMB3,216,000).

           Note 4:   As at 31 December 2025, restricted funds represented a RMB3,348,726,000 (31 December 2024: RMB3,357,328,000)
                     deposit in an escrow account, the detail of which are set out in Note XII. The risk compensation funds under factored
                     trade receivable arrangements to be released after one year amounted to RMB1,000 (31 December 2024:
                     RMB41,003,000).

           Under the factored trade receivables agreements between the Group and certain domestic banks,
           provisions are being made for a risk compensation fund at a mutually determined percentage based
           on the risk profile of the facilities concerned. The risk compensation fund shall be released on a pro-
           rata basis according to the initially agreed percentage in respect of the facilities if there is no overdue
           principal or interest payment at the agreed final payment date, or when the principal and interest of
           the banking facilities have been fully settled.




                                                                                                                                           193
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        24.     Short-term loans

                                                                                2025                                  2024
                                                                         Original         RMB                  Original         RMB
                                                                        currency     equivalent               currency     equivalent
                  Credit loans                           RMB              511,099            511,099             80,346            80,346
                                                         USD               42,329            295,898             50,205           366,248
                                                         EUR               24,051            197,352             18,527           140,780
                                                         KZT              450,000              6,259                 —                 —
                  Bills discounting
                    loans                                RMB                 4,781             4,781         2,515,316         2,515,316
                  Letter of credit
                    loans                                RMB            2,597,639         2,597,639          3,917,399         3,917,399
                  Secured loans             Note 1       RMB               15,637            15,637              6,981             6,981
                  Total                                                                   3,628,665                            7,027,070

                There was no overdue borrowing as at 31 December 2025.

                Note 1:    The secured loan comprised mainly the balance of RMB15,637,000 as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: balance
                           of short-term loan RMB6,981,000) of a short-term loan extended to Zonson Smart Auto Corporation secured by land use
                           rights and property, plant and equipment with carrying values of RMB131,580,000 and RMB411,178,000, respectively.
                           For details of the collaterals for the secured loans and their carrying values please refer to Note V. 23.

        25.     Derivative financial liabilities

                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                  Fair-value hedge instrument (Note IX.3)                                                  172,319                199,355
                  Cash flow hedge instrument (Note IX.3)                                                     6,812                  1,481
                  Derivative financial liabilities at fair value through current
                    profit and loss                                                                             116                     17
                  Total                                                                                    179,247                200,853

        26A. Bills payable

                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                  Bank acceptance bills                                                                  6,144,476             3,423,564
                  Commercial acceptance bills                                                            9,125,953             7,535,770
                  Total                                                                                15,270,429             10,959,334

                As at 31 December 2025, there were no bills payable due and unsettled (31 December 2024: Nil).




194
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                      (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     26B. Trade payables

           The aging of trade payables is based on the time of recognising the purchase of materials and
           equipment or accepting services, and are normally settled within one year.

           An aging analysis of the trade payables were as follows:

                                                                                         2025                       2024
            Within 6 months                                                       17,997,700               21,472,734
            6 to 12 months                                                           282,299                  346,905
            1 year to 2 years                                                        218,295                  161,867
            2 years to 3 years                                                        39,402                  137,877
            Over 3 years                                                             229,144                  252,409
            Total                                                                 18,766,840               22,371,792

           As at 31 December 2025, there were no material trade payables aged over 1 year or overdue (31
           December 2024: Nil).

     27.   Contract liabilities

                                                                                         2025                       2024
            Contracted consideration received                                     15,600,702               12,859,416

           Contract liabilities refer to the obligation to transfer goods to customers in consideration of payments
           received or receivable from customers. Contract liabilities are incurred when the payment schedule
           agreed under the contract is ahead of the performance of contract obligations.

     28.   Employee benefits payable/Long-term employee benefits payable

           (1)   Employee benefits payable

                                                                     Increase         Decrease
                                                     Opening        during the       during the                Closing
                                                     balance              year             year                balance
                    Short-term remuneration        16,260,255       26,323,370      (28,142,934)           14,440,691
                    Retirement benefits (defined
                      contribution scheme)            302,489         2,250,533      (2,250,168)               302,854
                    Termination benefits              428,942           400,020        (488,297)               340,665
                    Total                          16,991,686       28,973,923      (30,881,399)           15,084,210




                                                                                                                         195
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        28.     Employee benefits payable/Long-term employee benefits payable (continued)

                (1)     Employee benefits payable (continued)

                        (a)     Short-term remuneration was analysed as follows:

                                                                             Increase      Decrease
                                                               Opening      during the    during the      Closing
                                                               balance            year          year      balance
                                  Salary, bonus,
                                    allowance and
                                    subsidy                  13,077,484     23,260,168   (24,874,549)   11,463,103
                                  Staff benefits                  4,504         35,698       (27,973)       12,229
                                  Social insurance               83,691      1,278,300    (1,281,264)       80,727
                                  Including: Medical             79,073      1,190,485    (1,193,932)       75,626
                                             Work injuries        1,889         44,390       (44,008)        2,271
                                             Maternity            2,729         43,425       (43,324)        2,830
                                  Housing funds                  53,992        995,499      (986,841)       62,650
                                  Labour union fund and
                                    employee education
                                    fund                      3,040,584        753,705      (972,307)    2,821,982
                                  Total                      16,260,255     26,323,370   (28,142,934)   14,440,691

                        (b)     Defined contribution plans were analysed as follows:

                                                                             Increase      Decrease
                                                               Opening      during the    during the      Closing
                                                               balance            year          year      balance
                                  Pension insurance            298,701       2,170,789    (2,170,605)     298,885
                                  Unemployment
                                    insurance                     3,788         79,744       (79,563)        3,969
                                  Total                        302,489       2,250,533    (2,250,168)     302,854

                (2)     Long-term employee benefits payable

                                                                                                 2025        2024
                          Net liabilities from defined benefit plan                        141,685        153,647

                        Change in the present value of obligations under defined benefit plan:

                                                                                                 2025        2024
                          Opening balance                                                  153,647        141,762
                          Charged to current profit or loss
                           Service cost                                                         —          12,016
                           Interest expenses                                                 2,608          3,455
                          Charged to other comprehensive income
                           Benefit cost recognised in other comprehensive
                             income                                                         (7,154)          3,358
                           Pension paid                                                     (7,416)         (6,944)
                          Closing balance                                                  141,685        153,647




196
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     28.   Employee benefits payable/Long-term employee benefits payable (continued)

           (2)   Long-term employee benefits payable (continued)

                 The Group operates for all qualifying employees a defined benefit plan that has yet to receive
                 capital injection. Under the plan, an employee is entitled to retirement benefits ranging from 0%
                 to 50% of his/her last salary at retirement age.

                 The scheme is subject to interest rate risks and the risk of change in the life expectancy of the
                 pension beneficiaries.

                 The latest actuarial valuation of assets under the plan and the present value of obligations
                 under defined benefit plans were determined by 韜睿惠悅管理諮詢（深圳）有限公司 using the
                 expected benefit accrual unit approach at 2025.

                 (a)   Major actuarial assumptions applied as at the balance sheet date were as follows:

                                                                                           2025                       2024
                        Discount rate                                                    1.75%                      1.75%
                        Expected rate of salary increase                                 5.50%                      5.50%

                 (b)   A quantitative sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions applied was set out as follows:

                       2025

                                                                    Increase/                        Increase/
                                                                (decrease) in                    (decrease) in
                                                                  obligations                      obligations
                                                               under defined                    under defined
                                                      Increase   benefit plan          Decrease   benefit plan
                        Discount rate                    0.25%            (2,487)           0.25%                    2,554
                        Expected salary
                          increase rate                  1.00%             6,330            1.00%                   (5,899)

                       2024

                                                                       Increase/                              Increase/
                                                                   (decrease) in                          (decrease) in
                                                                     obligations                            obligations
                                                                  under defined                          under defined
                                                       Increase     benefit plan        Decrease           benefit plan
                        Discount rate                    0.25%            (2,915)           0.25%                    2,991
                        Expected salary
                          increase rate                  1.00%             7,572            1.00%                   (7,016)

                       The above sensitivity analysis is based on inference of the impact of reasonable changes
                       in key assumptions at the balance sheet date on the net amount of defined benefits.
                       Sensitivity analysis is based on the change of the material assumption on the premise that
                       other assumptions remain unchanged. As the changes of the assumptions are often
                       correlated, the sensitivity analysis may not represent the actual changes of the obligations
                       under defined benefit plans.




                                                                                                                           197
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        28.     Employee benefits payable/Long-term employee benefits payable (continued)

                (2)     Long-term employee benefits payable (continued)

                        (c)     Relevant plans recognised in the income statement were as follows:

                                                                                              2025         2024
                                  Service cost                                                   —        12,016
                                  Net interest                                                2,608        3,455
                                  Charged to expenses                                         2,608       15,471

        29. Tax payable

                                                                                              2025         2024
                  Value-added tax                                                          378,250       423,641
                  Enterprise income tax                                                    416,220       428,610
                  Including: PRC tax                                                       137,242       217,756
                             Overseas tax                                                  278,978       210,854
                  Personal income tax                                                      197,734       192,740
                  City maintenance and construction tax                                     28,420        35,189
                  Education surcharge                                                       17,728        27,629
                  Other taxes                                                               89,986        97,209
                  Total                                                                   1,128,338    1,205,018

        30.     Other payables

                                                                                              2025         2024
                  Dividend payables                                                              —            —
                  Other payables                                                          2,828,768    3,236,993
                  Total                                                                   2,828,768    3,236,993

                (1)     Dividend payables

                                                                                              2025         2024
                          Dividend payables to minority shareholders                             —              —

                        As at 31 December 2025, there were no dividend payables overdue for more than 1 year.

                (2)     Other payables

                                                                                              2025         2024
                          Accruals                                                       1,069,607     1,286,335
                          Deferred income from staff housing                                34,143        25,464
                          Payables to external parties                                   1,116,177     1,388,630
                          Pledged deposits                                                 309,646       319,760
                          Others                                                           299,195       216,804
                          Total                                                          2,828,768     3,236,993

                        As at 31 December 2025, there were no other payables of a material nature aged over 1 year
                        or overdue.




198
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                       RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     31.   Provisions

                                                                                   Increase            Decrease
                                                                Opening           during the          during the                 Closing
                                                                balance                 year                year                 balance
               Expected contract loss (Note)                  1,631,655              640,023           (1,329,174)               942,504
               Outstanding litigation                           363,993              149,142              (68,350)               444,785
               Provision for warranties                         188,425               37,012              (28,283)               197,154
               Total                                          2,184,073              826,177           (1,425,807)             1,584,443

           Note:   Unavoidable cost for the performance of contract in excess of expected economic benefits of the contract.

     32.   Non-current liabilities due within one year

                                                                                                           2025                       2024
               Long-term loans due within one year                                                   6,475,453                 4,447,963
               Lease liabilities due within one year                                                   732,813                   544,777
               Other non-current liabilities due within one year                                       692,143                   600,000
               Total                                                                                 7,900,409                 5,592,740

     33.   Long-term loans

                                                                                2025                                2024
                                                                         Original       RMB                  Original        RMB
                                                                        currency   equivalent               currency    equivalent
               Credit loans                       RMB                 45,691,759       45,691,759        44,005,921          44,005,921
                                                  USD                      2,968           20,750             2,165              15,791
               Secured loans                      RMB                         —                —             37,203              37,203
               Total                                                                   45,712,509                            44,058,915

           As at 31 December 2025, the annual interest rate for the aforesaid loans was 1.53%–10.24% (31
           December 2024: 1.65%–8.45%).

           #       Bank Loan maturity term


                                                                                                            2025                       2024
                       Shown as:
                         Bank loan repayable:
                           Within 1 year                                                              10,104,118                 11,475,033
                           Within 2 years                                                             22,633,766                 14,272,614
                           Within 3–5 years, inclusive                                                23,078,743                 29,786,301
                           Beyond 5 years                                                                     —                          —
                       Total bank loans                                                               55,816,627                 55,533,948




                                                                                                                                           199
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        34.     Bonds payable

                                                                                                                                        2025                          2024
                  MTNs                                                                                                          4,398,159                     1,004,880
                  Convertible bonds (Note 1)                                                                                    3,411,518                            —
                                                                                                                                7,809,677                     1,004,880

                The balance of bonds payable as at 31 December 2025 was set out as follows:

                                                                                                           Issued     Annual      Interest Repayment
                                               Nominal                                         Opening during the    interest charged for during the     Closing    Whether in
                  Bond name                      value    Issue date   Term         Amount     balance       year        rate    the year      period    balance    default
                  24 ZTE MTN001 (Sci-Tech      500,000    2024/8/14    1826 days    500,000    504,223          —     2.25%       11,250       11,250    504,223    No
                     Innovation Note)
                  24 ZTE MTN002 (Sci-Tech      500,000    2024/12/5    1826 days    500,000    500,657          —     2.18%       10,900       10,900    500,657    No
                     Innovation Note)
                  25 ZTE MTN001 (Sci-Tech     1,000,000   2025/2/18    1826 days   1,000,000        —    1,000,000    1.93%       16,656           —    1,016,656   No
                     Innovation Note)
                  25 ZTE MTN002 (Sci-Tech     1,000,000   2025/4/16    1826 days   1,000,000        —    1,000,000    1.98%       13,996           —    1,013,996   No
                     Innovation Note)
                  25 ZTE MTN003 (Sci-Tech     1,000,000   2025/6/25    1826 days   1,000,000        —    1,000,000    1.79%        9,220           —    1,009,220   No
                     Innovation Bond)
                  25 ZTE MTN004 (Sci-Tech      350,000    2025/6/26    1826 days    350,000         —     350,000     1.90%        3,407           —     353,407    No
                     Innovation Bond)
                  H-share convertible bonds   3,584,000   2025/8/5     1826 days   3,584,000        —    3,584,000    0.00%       15,315           —    3,411,518   No

                Note 1:     As approved by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, ZTE Corporation (“ZTE”) issued to professional investors overseas
                            convertible bonds which are convertible to ZTE H shares subject to specified conditions on August 2025. The convertible
                            bonds were issued in the specified denomination of RMB2,000,000 each and integral multiples of RMB1,000,000 in
                            excess thereof. The total issue amount was RMB3,584,000,000. The debt portion of the issue of convertible bonds
                            valued at RMB3,434,639,468 was included in bonds payable. The equity portion valued at RMB149,360,532 was included
                            in other equity instruments. Other issue expenses paid amounted to RMB40,106,640 (before tax). Net issue proceeds
                            amounted to RMB3,543,893,360.

                            The H-share convertible bonds were zero-coupon bonds with a term of 5 years. The share conversion period shall
                            commence on or after the 41st day after the issue date (5 August 2025) and end at the close of business on the date
                            falling 7 working days prior to the maturity date of the convertible bonds, namely from 15 September 2025 to 25 July
                            2030, during which holders may apply for conversion into shares. The initial conversion price at the time of the issue of
                            the H-share convertible bonds was HK$30.25 per share (exchange rate for the purpose of share conversion: RMB0.9133
                            = HK$1.00).

        35.     Other non-current liabilities

                                                                                                                                        2025                          2024
                  Deferred income relating to staff housing                                                                            —                          7,720
                  Long-term payable                                                                                             3,724,344                     3,709,802
                  Financial liabilities through current profit or loss at fair value                                               38,667                        73,697
                  Total                                                                                                         3,763,011                     3,791,219




200
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                         (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                        RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     36.   Share capital

                                                      Opening          Increase/decrease during the year                          Closing
                                                      balance                    (’000 shares)                                    balance
                                                         (’000         Issue of                                                      (’000
                                                       shares)       new share              Others         Sub-total              shares)
            Restricted shares                              658                  —               (247)              (247)              411
            Unrestricted shares                      4,782,877                  —                247                247         4,783,124
            Total number of shares                   4,783,535                  —                 —                  —          4,783,535

           Note: In 2025, the Company did not issue any additional share capital during the year. Shares held by Directors, Supervisors and
                 senior management were locked up or released on a prorate basis in accordance with pertinent domestic regulations.

     37.   Other equity instruments

                                                                                                            2025                       2024
            Convertible bonds — equity portion                                                          126,956                            —
            Total                                                                                       126,956                            —

     38.   Capital reserve

                                                                                  Increase               Decrease
                                                               Opening           during the             during the                Closing
                                                               balance                 year                   year                balance
            Share premium                                    26,279,290                     —                    —            26,279,290
            Share-based payment                               1,116,809                     —                    —             1,116,809
            Other capital injection                              80,000                     —                (1,671)              78,329
            Total                                            27,476,099                     —                (1,671)          27,474,428




                                                                                                                                            201
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        39.     Other comprehensive income

                Cumulative balance of other comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of the parent
                company on the face of the consolidated balance sheet:

                                                                                    Opening                Increase/                   Closing
                                                                                    balance                decrease                    balance
                  Other comprehensive income that
                    cannot be reclassified as profit or loss
                    Changes in net liabilities arising
                      from the re-measurement of
                      defined benefit plans                                          (77,230)                   7,154                   (70,076)
                    Share of investee results in other
                      comprehensive income under equity
                      method which cannot be reclassified
                      to profit or loss                                               44,350                         —                  44,350
                  Other comprehensive income that
                    will be reclassified as profit or loss
                    Effective portion of hedging instruments                         (67,982)                  (4,295)                  (72,277)
                    Differences arising from foreign currency
                      translation and others                                      (2,364,669)               (210,508)                (2,575,177)
                  Total                                                           (2,465,531)               (207,649)                (2,673,180)

                Amount of other comprehensive income:

                                                                   Less: transfer Less: transfer
                                                                      of amount       of amount
                                                                     included in     included in
                                                                            other           other
                                                                  comprehensive comprehensive
                                                                       income in       income in                   Attributable to
                                                                 previous period previous period                  shareholders of Attributable to
                                                         Pre-tax to current profit     to current   Less: income        the parent non-controlling
                                                         amount           or loss retained profit             tax         company         interest
                  Other comprehensive income
                    that cannot be reclassified as
                    profit or loss
                    Changes in net liabilities
                        arising from the re-
                        measurement of defined
                        benefit plans                       7,154             —                —               —            7,154               —
                    Share of investee results in
                        other comprehensive
                        income under equity
                        method which cannot be
                        reclassified to profit or loss         —              —                —               —               —                —
                  Other comprehensive income
                    that will be reclassified as
                    profit or loss
                    Effective portion of hedging
                        instruments                        (5,053)            —                —             (758)         (4,295)              —
                    Differences arising from foreign
                        currency translation and
                        others                           (210,788)            —                —               —         (210,508)           (280)
                  Total                                  (208,687)            —                —             (758)       (207,649)           (280)




202
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                             Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                   (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     40.   Special reserve

                                                                                   Increase        Decrease
                                                               Opening            during the      during the                Closing
                                                               balance                  year            year                balance
               Safe production cost                               88,214            104,986          (71,808)               121,392

     41.   Surplus reserves

                                                                                   Increase        Decrease
                                                               Opening            during the      during the                Closing
                                                               balance                  year            year                balance
               Statutory surplus reserves                     3,053,523                   —                   —           3,053,523

           In accordance with the Company Law and the Articles of Associations of the Company, the Company
           is required to allocate 10% of their net profit to the statutory surplus reserve, until the accumulated
           statutory surplus reserve has reached 50% of the registered capital of the Company.

     42.   Retained profits

                                                                                                      2025                       2024
               Retained profits at the beginning of the year                                   39,872,643               34,714,953
               Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent                            5,617,745                8,424,792
               Surplus reserve                                                                         —                      (141)
               Distributions to shareholders                                                   (2,951,441)              (3,266,961)
               Retained profits at the end of the year                                         42,538,947               39,872,643

           #       Profit distribution


                                                                                                       2025                       2024
                     Dividend payable on ordinary shares approved, declared and
                       distributed during the year                                                2,951,441                  3,266,961
                     Proposed dividend payable on ordinary shares for 2025                        1,966,033                         —


           Pursuant to the 2024 Profit Distribution Proposal passed at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the
           Company held on 28 March 2025: a cash dividend of RMB6.17 (before tax) for per 10 shares or
           RMB0.617 (before tax) for per share shall be distributed to all shareholders based on the total share
           capital as at the record date for profit distribution and dividend payment. Based on the total share
           capital of 4,783,534,887 shares in issue as at the record date for profit distribution and dividend
           payment, the actual amount of profit distribution was RMB2,951,441,025.28 (before tax). The
           Company had completed the dividend payment in April 2025.

           On 6 March 2026, pursuant to the 2025 Profit Distribution Proposal recommended by the Board, a
           cash dividend of RMB4.11 (before tax) per 10 shares or RMB0.411 per share (before tax) shall be
           paid based on the total share capital in issue as at the record date for profit distribution and
           dividend payment. The aforesaid matter is subject to consideration and approval at the general
           meeting. Based on the Company’s total share capital of 4,783,534,887 shares as at 6 March 2026,
           the total amount of actual profit distribution shall be RMB1,966,032,838.56. The finalised amount of
           profit distribution shall be subject to the total share capital as at the record date for profit distribution
           and dividend payment.




                                                                                                                                      203
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        43.     Operating revenue and operating costs

                (1)     Operating revenue and operating costs:

                                                                2025                           2024
                                                         Revenue            Cost        Revenue             Cost
                          Principal business          129,423,064      89,583,111    117,128,278       71,814,914
                          Other business                4,472,396       3,808,207      4,170,474        3,496,152
                          Total                       133,895,460      93,391,318    121,298,752       75,311,066

                        Operating revenue was analysed as follows:

                                                                                          2025              2024
                          Revenue from customer contract                            133,778,571       121,187,877
                          Rental income — operating leases                              116,889           110,875
                          Total                                                     133,895,460       121,298,752

                (2)     Breakdown of operating revenue:

                                                                                          2025              2024
                          Types of key products
                            Sale of products                                         52,215,517        47,325,190
                            Provision of service                                      9,802,306        10,630,367
                            Telecommunications system contracts with customers       71,760,748        63,232,320
                          Total                                                     133,778,571       121,187,877
                          Operating area
                           PRC                                                       89,617,164        81,894,799
                           Asia (excluding PRC)                                      17,803,048        15,390,457
                           Africa                                                     6,934,592         6,422,478
                           Europe and Oceania                                        19,423,767        17,480,143
                          Total                                                     133,778,571       121,187,877
                          Timing of transfer
                            Transferred at a point in time                          123,976,265       110,557,510
                            Transferred over a period                                 9,802,306        10,630,367
                          Total                                                     133,778,571       121,187,877




204
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                              Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                    (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                   RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     43.   Operating revenue and operating costs (continued)

           (3)   Breakdown of operating cost for the year as follows (Disclosure of operating cost analysis for
                 the current year only):

                                                                                                                  2025
                  Types of key products
                    Sale of products                                                                     42,610,746
                    Provision of service                                                                  5,573,793
                    Telecommunications system contracts with customers                                   45,206,779
                  Total                                                                                  93,391,318
                  Operating area
                   PRC                                                                                   61,664,803
                   Asia (excluding PRC)                                                                  12,619,362
                   Africa                                                                                 4,429,835
                   Europe and Oceania                                                                    14,677,318
                  Total                                                                                  93,391,318
                  Timing of transfer
                    Transferred at a point in time                                                       87,817,525
                    Transferred over a period                                                             5,573,793
                  Total                                                                                  93,391,318

           (4)   Performance obligations

                 Revenue recognized from:

                                                                                       2025                       2024
                  Revenue included in the opening book value of
                    contract liabilities recognised for the period              11,182,114               13,585,145




                                                                                                                       205
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        43.     Operating revenue and operating costs (continued)

                (4)     Performance obligations (continued)

                        Information pertaining to the Group’s performance of contract obligations was as follows:

                                                                                                                       Whether the   Expected     Type of quality
                                                                                                 Nature of commodities principal     refund to    assurance offered
                                                        Timing of         Material payment       under commitment to responsible     customer     and relevant
                                                        performance       terms                  transfer              party         committed    obligation
                          Sales of commodity            Upon delivery     Payment upon           Mainly sales of           Yes       Nil          Statutory quality
                                                                            receipt                communication                                      assurance,
                                                                                                   equipment                                          service-based
                                                                                                                                                      quality
                                                                                                                                                      assurance
                          Provision of service          Over the period   Payment upon           Mainly sales of repair,   Yes       Nil          Nil
                                                          of service        inspection and         maintenance and
                                                                            acceptance of          technical services
                                                                            service progress       relating to
                                                                                                   communication
                                                                                                   equipment
                          Network construction          Upon delivery     Payment upon           Mainly sales of           Yes       Nil          Statutory quality
                            — sales of equipment                            receipt                communication                                      assurance,
                                                                                                   equipment                                          service-based
                                                                                                                                                      quality
                                                                                                                                                      assurance
                          Network construction          Completion of     Payment upon initial   Mainly installation       Yes       Nil          Nil
                            — installation service        installation      inspection and         services relating to
                                                                            acceptance;            sales of
                                                                            payment upon           communication
                                                                            final inspection       equipment
                                                                            and acceptance
                          Network construction          Upon delivery     Payment upon           Mainly sales of           Yes       Nil          Service-based
                            — equipment sales and                           delivery; payment      integrated                                       quality
                            installation service that                       upon initial           communication                                    assurance
                            cannot be separately                            inspection and         network solution
                            distinguished                                   acceptance;
                                                                            payment upon
                                                                            final inspection
                                                                            and acceptance


                        The contract payment is typically due within one year without any significant financing
                        component. Certain contracts may offer variable consideration such as cash discount and price
                        guarantee. Estimation on variable consideration is typically not subject to restrictions.

                (5)     Allocated to the remaining performance obligations

                        As at 31 December 2025, the estimated timing for outstanding or uncompleted performance
                        obligation in respect of signed contracts to be recognised as income was as follows:

                                                                                                                                 2025                     2024
                          Within 1 year                                                                                     11,014,850           12,662,999
                          Over 1 year                                                                                        6,541,745            7,372,811
                          Total                                                                                             17,556,595           20,035,810




206
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                               Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                     (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     44.   Taxes and surcharges

                                                                                                        2025                       2024
            City maintenance and construction tax                                                   280,995                   351,532
            Education surcharge                                                                     200,232                   252,180
            Property tax                                                                            143,163                   145,394
            Stamp duty                                                                              288,153                   286,450
            Others                                                                                  177,892                   140,415
            Total                                                                                 1,090,435                 1,175,971

     45.   Selling and distribution costs

                                                                                                        2025                       2024
            Wages, welfare and bonuses (Note)                                                     4,744,840                 5,533,819
            Advertising and promotion expenses                                                    1,149,572                   727,074
            Service charges                                                                         446,679                   247,982
            Travelling expenses                                                                     783,821                   788,073
            Office expense                                                                          315,002                   213,875
            Others                                                                                1,783,581                 1,389,680
            Total                                                                                 9,223,495                 8,900,503

           Note: Primarily referring to wages, welfare and bonuses for marketing and sales employees and customer service employees.

     46.   Administrative expenses

                                                                                                        2025                       2024
            Wages, welfare and bonuses                                                            2,396,693                 2,268,967
            Office expenses                                                                         134,715                   191,816
            Amortisation and depreciation charges                                                   400,000                   501,105
            Travelling expenses                                                                      68,887                    84,298
            #
              Audit firm/Audit fees                                                                  12,666                    11,800
            Others                                                                                1,206,799                 1,419,035
            Total                                                                                 4,219,760                 4,477,021

     47.   Research and development costs

                                                                                                        2025                       2024
            Wages, welfare and bonuses                                                          15,360,941                16,514,025
            Amortisation and depreciation charges                                                2,898,289                 3,120,263
            Technical cooperation fee                                                            1,315,622                 1,375,013
            Direct material costs                                                                1,175,669                 1,020,943
            Office expenses                                                                        494,235                   480,539
            Others                                                                               1,510,222                 1,520,716
            Total                                                                               22,754,978                24,031,499




                                                                                                                                        207
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        48.     Expenses by nature

                Supplementary information of the Group’s operating costs, selling and distribution costs,
                administrative expenses and research and development costs by nature were as follows:

                                                                                      2025           2024
                  Cost of goods and services                                     87,048,312     68,462,215
                  Staff remuneration                                             27,787,253     30,188,372
                  Depreciation and amortisation                                   4,757,775      4,968,644
                  Rental not included in the measurement of lease liabilities       103,504        102,147
                  Others                                                          9,892,707      8,998,711
                  Total                                                         129,589,551    112,720,089

        49.     Finance costs

                                                                                      2025           2024
                  Interest expenses                                               3,744,052      3,447,022
                  Less: Interest income                                           4,346,036      4,398,326
                  Gain and loss on foreign currency exchange                        235,929        467,977
                  Bank charges                                                      139,401        218,757
                  Total                                                            (226,654)      (264,570)

        50.     Other income

                                                                                      2025           2024
                  Other income related to daily operating activities              2,814,623      2,826,593
                  Others                                                             72,222        106,132
                  Total                                                           2,886,845      2,932,725




208
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                           Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                 (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     51.   Investment income

                                                                                    2025                       2024
            Income from investment in associates and joints under equity
              method                                                            373,113                   160,687
            Investment income from financial assets at amortised cost
              and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
              during the period of holding                                       13,551                     12,397
            Investment (loss)/income from disposal of derivative
              investment                                                         (18,132)                   11,250
            Investment income arising from disposal of financial assets at
              fair value through profit or loss                                 415,981                   201,287
            Investment income from disposal of investment in associates
              and joints                                                         77,964                   155,154
            Loss on derecognition of financial assets at amortised cost
              and financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                             (409,909)                  (428,381)
            Total                                                               452,568                   112,394

     52.   Gain from changes in fair values

                                                                                    2025                       2024
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 26,355                  (127,012)
            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss           (17,113)                   (30,549)
            Derivative financial instruments                                      96,826                  (317,192)
            Investment properties at fair value                                   (4,468)                 (150,378)
            Total                                                               101,600                   (625,131)

     53.   Credit impairment losses

                                                                                    2025                       2024
            Impairment reversal of trade receivables                             (55,891)                 (114,773)
            Impairment (reversal)/loss of receivable financing                      (237)                      436
            Impairment (reversal)/loss of other receivables                      (26,064)                    5,755
            (Reversal)/Loss of impairment of long-term receivables               (19,104)                   16,865
            Impairment reversal of factored trade receivables                         —                       (184)
            Impairment reversal of impairment of long-term factored
              receivables                                                              —                        (553)
            Total                                                              (101,296)                   (92,454)




                                                                                                                    209
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        54.     Asset impairment losses

                                                                                  2025              2024
                  Loss on impairment of inventories                             192,039          593,891
                  Impairment reversal of contract assets                        (26,191)         (71,529)
                  Impairment loss/(reversal) of prepayment                       26,348               (94)
                  Intangible asset impairment loss                              400,487           53,710
                  Loss of impairment of other non-current assets                 20,553          357,204
                  Provision for goodwill impairment                              14,425                —
                  Total                                                         627,661          933,182

        55.     Gains from asset disposal

                                                                                  2025              2024
                  Gains from disposal of right-of-use assets                      1,580             5,409
                  Gains from disposal of property, plant and equipment            2,808            85,039
                  Gains from disposal of intangible assets                          645             5,211
                  Total                                                           5,033            95,659

        56.     Non-operating income/non-operating expenses

                (1)     Non-operating income

                                                                                               Amount of
                                                                                             extraordinary
                                                                                                 gain/loss
                                                                                           recognised for
                                                                         2025     2024               2025
                          Income from contract penalty and
                            reward                                    31,366     10,713           31,366
                          Others                                     169,363     65,566          169,363
                          Total                                      200,729     76,279          200,729

                (2)     Non-operating expenses

                                                                                               Amount of
                                                                                             extraordinary
                                                                                                 gain/loss
                                                                                           recognised for
                                                                         2025     2024               2025
                          Compensation and indemnity                 147,543    118,724          147,543
                          Others                                     112,128     70,131          112,128
                          Total                                      259,671    188,855          259,671




210
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                       (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     57.   Income tax

                                                                                                          2025                       2024
            Current income tax                                                                      1,525,632                 1,044,882
            Deferred income tax                                                                      (787,838)                 (170,890)
            Total                                                                                     737,794                   873,992

           Correlation between income tax and total profit was as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                       2024
            Total profit                                                                            6,302,867                 9,229,605
            Tax at statutory tax rate (Note)                                                        1,575,717                 2,307,401
            Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                                 (528,024)                 (697,389)
            Effect of adjustment to income tax for previous periods                                    26,998                     19,125
            Effect of non-taxable income                                                              (55,901)                   (21,518)
            Effect of add-on deductibles on R&D expense and non-
              deductible cost, expense and loss                                                    (1,151,186)               (1,298,874)
            Effect of utilization of deductible loss from unrecognized
              deferred tax asset of previous periods                                                   (92,482)                 (134,104)
            Effect of deductible temporary difference from unrecognised
              deferred tax asset of the current period or effect of
              deductible loss                                                                         962,672                   699,351
            Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                  737,794                   873,992

           Note: The Group’s income tax has been provided at the rate on the estimated taxable profits and applicable tax rates arising in
                 the PRC. Taxes on taxable profits elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries in which
                 the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

     58.   Earnings per share

                                                                                                      2025                      2024
                                                                                                 RMB/share                  RMB/share
            Basic earnings per share
              Continuous operation                                                                         1.17                       1.76
            Diluted earnings per share
              Continuous operation                                                                         1.16                       1.76

           Basic earnings per share was arrived at by dividing net profit for the period attributable to ordinary
           shareholders of the Company by the adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.




                                                                                                                                          211
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        58.     Earnings per share (continued)

                Calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows:

                                                                                             2025         2024
                  Earnings
                    Net profit for the period attributable to ordinary
                      shareholders of the Company
                    Continuous operation                                                 5,617,745    8,424,792
                  Interest on dilutive potential ordinary shares recognized as an
                     expense in the current period                                         13,017            —
                  Adjusted net profit for the period attributable to ordinary
                    shareholders of the Company                                          5,630,762    8,424,792
                  Attributable to:
                    Continuous operation                                                 5,630,762    8,424,792
                  Shares
                    Weighted average number of ordinary shares of the
                      Company (’000 shares)                                              4,783,535    4,783,321
                      Diluting effect — weighted average number of ordinary
                        shares (’000 shares)
                      Convertible bonds                                                    54,053            —
                  Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares of the
                    Company in issue (’000 shares)                                       4,837,588    4,783,321

        59.     Notes to major items in cash flow statement

                (1)     Cash relating to operating activities

                                                                                             2025         2024
                          Cash received in connection with other
                           operating activities:
                           Including: Interest income                                    1,939,450    2,659,555
                          Cash paid in connection with other
                           operating activities:
                           Including: Expense for the period                            10,405,694   11,682,618




212
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                    Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     59.   Notes to major items in cash flow statement (continued)

           (2)   Cash relating to investing activities

                                                                                             2025                       2024
                  Receipt of material cash relating to investing activities:
                    Release of time deposit of over three months and
                      large-amount certificates of deposit and maturity of
                      structured deposit                                              87,325,046               73,307,973
                  Payment of material cash relating to investing activities:
                    New time deposit of over three months and large-
                      amount certificates of deposit and new structured
                      deposit                                                         85,129,297               98,274,552
                  Cash received in relation to other investing activities:
                    Net cash flow received on acquisition of subsidiary                         —                    61,551
                    Recovery of project investments funds                                       —                    44,198

           (3)   Cash relating to financing activities

                                                                                             2025                       2024
                  Cash received in relation to other financing activities:
                   Receipt of funds from investors in fixed-income items                    2,855                           —
                  Cash paid in relation to other financing activities:
                   Cash payment of principal of lease                                    578,068                   511,799
                   Repayment of investment by non-controlling interests                       —                      9,000

                 Movements in liabilities from financing activities were as follows:

                                                                   Movement during the year
                                                      Opening            Cash           Non-cash                   Closing
                                                      balance        movement           movement                   balance
                  Short-term bonds payable                  —           (102,784)           102,784                     —
                  Short-term loans                   7,027,070        (5,237,967)         1,839,562              3,628,665
                  Dividend payable                          —         (2,982,719)         2,982,719                     —
                  Bonds payable                      1,004,880         6,882,323            (77,526)             7,809,677
                  Long-term loans (including
                    non-current liabilities due
                    within one year)                48,506,878        2,546,435           1,134,649            52,187,962
                  Other non-current liabilities
                    (related to financing)             384,770                 (32)           (5,751)              378,987
                  Lease liabilities (including
                    non-current liabilities due
                    within one year)                 1,517,720         (578,068)            733,530              1,673,182
                                                    58,441,318          527,188           6,709,967            65,678,473




                                                                                                                             213
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        59.     Notes to major items in cash flow statement (continued)

                (4)     Supplemental information on cash flow statement

                        (a)     Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating activities:

                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                  Net profit                                                  5,565,073     8,355,613
                                  Add: Credit impairment losses                                (101,296)      (92,454)
                                       Asset impairment losses                                  627,661       933,182
                                       Depreciation of property, plant and
                                         equipment                                            1,972,401     2,133,330
                                       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      515,385       430,733
                                       Amortisation of intangible assets                      2,269,989     2,404,581
                                       Gain on disposal of property, plant and
                                         equipment, intangible assets and other
                                         long-term assets                                        (5,033)        (95,659)
                                       (Gain)/loss from changes in fair value                  (101,600)       625,131
                                       Finance costs                                            658,343        983,971
                                       Investment income                                       (884,881)      (554,927)
                                       Increase in deferred tax assets                         (769,589)      (250,165)
                                       Increase in deferred tax liabilities                      17,259          12,786
                                       Increase in inventories                               (5,951,504)      (720,289)
                                       Increase in operating receivables                     (3,632,931)    (3,448,503)
                                       Increase in operating payables                         2,567,875      1,663,293
                                       Decrease/(increase) in currency cash not
                                         readily available for payments                       1,171,594       (900,779)
                                  Net cash flows from operating activities                    3,918,746    11,479,844

                        (b)     Net change in cash and cash equivalents:

                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                  Cash balance at year end                                        1,552         1,453
                                  Less: Cash balance at beginning of year                         1,453         2,034
                                  Add: Cash equivalents at year end                          25,480,848    28,024,964
                                  Less: Cash equivalents at beginning of year                28,024,964    51,011,133
                                  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and
                                   cash equivalents                                          (2,544,017)   (22,986,750)

                (5)     Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                   2025           2024
                          Cash
                          Including: Cash on hand                                                 1,552         1,453
                                     Bank deposit readily available for payment              25,480,848    28,024,964
                          Balance of cash and cash equivalents at end of year                25,482,400    28,026,417
                          Including: Restricted cash and cash equivalents
                                       utilised by the Company or intra-group
                                       subsidiaries                                              54,869          1,167




214
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                    Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


V.   NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

     59.   Notes to major items in cash flow statement (continued)

           (6)   Presented as cash and cash equivalents despite restrictions in scope of application

                                                         2025                2024     Reason
                  Specific funds for                    54,869               1,167    Subject to restrictions in
                    specific use only                                                   application only but not
                                                                                        frozen, pledged or subject to
                                                                                        other encumbrances,
                                                                                        therefore still considered cash
                                                                                        and cash equivalents

           (7)   Currency cash not considered cash and cash equivalents

                                                         2025                2024     Reason
                  Deposit and interest              7,251,009          13,669,630     Low liquidity, not easily
                    from time deposit of                                                realisable, not readily
                    three months or                                                     available for payment
                    above
                  Security deposit                     287,169            541,046
                  Dues from the People’s               723,136          1,619,625
                    Bank of China
                  Others                                 7,402             28,630
                  Total                             8,268,716          15,858,931

           (8)   Financing arrangements with suppliers

                 The Group was engaged in reverse factoring service through third-party financial institutions to
                 provide factoring service to relevant suppliers in respect of trade payables of the Group within
                 its credit limit, whereby the bank agreed to the assignment to the bank of trade receivables
                 owed by the Group to designated suppliers for the sales of goods and rendering of services to
                 the Group, while at the same time providing financing service to the relevant suppliers.
                 Participating suppliers would be able to receive the total amount of trade payables from the
                 bank. According to the agreement between the Group and the bank, trade payables shall be
                 paid to the bank within 180 days from the payment of relevant amounts to the suppliers by the
                 bank to settle due payments. The payment terms between the Group and the suppliers did not
                 change as a result of the reverse factoring arrangement, nor did the Group provide any
                 guarantee to the bank.

                 Information on financial liabilities relating to suppliers’ financing is set out as follows:

                                                                             2025
                                                      Including:
                                                        amount                                   Comparable range of
                                           Carrying received by                                  due date for trade
                                            amount     suppliers       Range of due date         payables
                  Short-term loans            37,719         37,345    Within 180 days from 30 to 90 days after
                                                                        the payment of        issuance of invoice
                                                                        relevant amounts      or receipt of goods
                                                                        to the suppliers by   upon inspection
                                                                        the financing party

                 As a result of the aforesaid suppliers’ financing arrangement, the Group derecognised trade
                 payables for 2025 and at the same time recognised short-term loans of RMB1,612,523,000
                 (2024: RMB0).


                                                                                                                             215
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


V.      NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        60.     Monetary items in foreign currencies

                The Group’s major monetary items in foreign currencies:

                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                     Original         Exchange              RMB
                                                                    currency               rate        equivalent
                  Currency cash                 USD                  517,675             6.9905         3,618,807
                                                HKD                2,018,695             0.8981         1,812,990
                                                EUR                   82,791             8.2055           679,338
                                                THB                  344,306             0.2216            76,297
                                                MXN                  182,582             0.3883            70,903
                  Trade receivables             USD                  527,193             6.9905         3,685,346
                                                EUR                  202,116             8.2055         1,658,465
                                                IDR            2,366,002,581             0.0004           989,207
                                                MXN                  891,426             0.3883           346,172
                                                JPY                6,667,816             0.0446           297,698
                  Other receivables             USD                   21,637             6.9905           151,254
                                                IDR              249,038,683             0.0004           104,121
                                                EUR                    5,052             8.2055            41,453
                                                GBP                    2,275             9.4114            21,413
                                                IRR              101,862,904             0.0002            16,954
                  Trade payables                USD                  369,998             6.9905         2,586,468
                                                EUR                   29,485             8.2055           241,938
                                                INR                2,022,919             0.0777           157,265
                                                IDR              302,608,821             0.0004           126,518
                                                MXN                  172,338             0.3883            66,925
                  Other payables                USD                   23,997             6.9905           167,752
                                                EUR                   12,105             8.2055            99,327
                                                MXN                  119,794             0.3883            46,520
                                                CLP                2,796,096             0.0077            21,451
                                                RSD                  277,055             0.0700            19,384
                  Short-term loan               USD                   42,329             6.9905           295,898
                                                EUR                   24,051             8.2055           197,352
                                                KZT                  450,000             0.0139             6,259
                  Long-term loan                USD                    2,968             6.9905            20,750

                The Group’s principal places of business overseas include Indonesia, Turkey and Italy, among others.
                Its operating entities in these countries adopt their respective principal currencies for conducting
                business as their functional currencies.




216
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


VI.    R&D EXPENDITURE

       1.   Analysed by nature as follows:

                                                                                           2025                       2024
             Wages, benefits and bonuses                                            16,547,611               17,740,009
             Amortisation and depreciation fees                                      2,971,489                3,188,194
             Technical cooperation fees                                              1,568,983                1,435,259
             Direct materials                                                        1,369,046                1,134,236
             Office expenses                                                           494,235                  480,539
             Others                                                                  1,523,672                1,530,700
             Total                                                                  24,475,036               25,508,937
             Including: R&D expenditure as cost                                     22,754,978               24,031,499
                        R&D expenditure capitalised                                  1,720,058                1,477,438

       2.   Expenditure of R&D projects qualifying for capitalization as follows:

                                                                                      Decrease
                                                                    Increase in in recognition
                                                                       in-house   of intangible
                                                      Opening     development            assets                  Closing
                                                      balance      for the year    for the year                  balance
             System products                          1,594,563       1,720,058        (1,202,450)             2,112,171

VII.   CHANGES TO THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

                                                                                                 Date of inclusion
                                                                                                 into/exclusion
                                                                                                 from consolidated
        Name                                    Reason                                           statements
        SHANGHAI SHENQI JI YUAN                 New incorporation                                April 2025
          INTELLIGENT TERMINAL CO., LTD.
        SINGAPORE CYBERMETA HOLDING             New incorporation                                August 2025
          PTE. LTD.
        ZTE Telecom (Thailand) Co. Ltd.         New incorporation                                August 2025
        INTELLIBRIGHT INTERCONNECT              New incorporation                                October 2025
          LIMITED
        ZTE (LAO) Sole Co. LTD.                 New incorporation                                October 2025
        GEE WIN TECH LIMITED                    New incorporation                                November 2025
        ZTE LIBERIA INC.                        New incorporation                                December 2025
        ZTE VENEZUELA,C.A.                      Completed deregistration and no longer           January 2025
                                                 included in consolidated statements
        ZHONGXING CORPORATION EL                Completed deregistration and no longer           March 2025
          SALVADOR, S.A. DE C.V.                 included in consolidated statements
        ZTE (USA) INC.                          Completed deregistration and no longer           June 2025
                                                 included in consolidated statements
        ZTE (TX) INC.                           Completed deregistration and no longer           June 2025
                                                 included in consolidated statements
        ZTE HAITI S.A                           Completed deregistration and no longer           June 2025
                                                 included in consolidated statements
        ZICT Suzhou Technology Co., Ltd.        Completed deregistration and no longer           August 2025
                                                 included in consolidated statements




                                                                                                                           217
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

        1.      Interests in subsidiaries

                Particulars of the major subsidiaries of the Group were as below:

                                                                Place of
                                                                registration/
                                                                principal
                                                                places of                                                     Percentage of
                    Type of subsidiary                          business        Nature of business     Registered capital      shareholding
                                                                                                                             Direct    Indirect
                    Subsidiaries acquired by way of
                      incorporation or investment
                    ZTE KANGXUN TELECOM CO., LTD.*              Shenzhen        Manufacturing          RMB1,755 million      100%           —
                    ZTE (H.K.) Limited                          Hong Kong       Information            HKD2,483,747,800      100%           —
                                                                                   technology
                    Shenzhen ZetaMatrix Co., Ltd.               Shenzhen        Servicing              RMB51.08 million       100%          —
                    Xi’an ZTE Terminal Technology Co., Ltd.*    Xi’an           Manufacturing          RMB300 million         100%          —
                    Sanechips Technology Co., Ltd.*             Shenzhen        Manufacturing          RMB131,578,900       87.22%     12.78%
                    ZTE (Nanjing) Co.,Ltd.*                     Nanjing         Manufacturing          RMB1,000 million       100%          —
                    Shenzhen Zhongxing Telecom Technology       Shenzhen        Telecommunications     RMB200 million          90%        10%
                       & Service Company Limited*                                  services
                    CRS Technology Co., Ltd.*                   Xi’an           Manufacturing          RMB1,000 million         —        100%

                *        Such subsidiaries are companies with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the PRC.

        2.      Interests in joint ventures and associates

                During the Reporting Period, the Group had no subsidiaries with significant minority interests nor
                individual material joint ventures or associates which had a significant influence on the Group.

                The following table set out summarized financial information of insignificant joint ventures and
                associates of the Group:

                                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                    Joint ventures
                    Aggregate carrying value of investments                                                  1,250,822               1,025,780
                    Aggregate amounts of the following attributable to
                      shareholdings:
                      Net gain                                                                                 311,193                141,197
                      Other comprehensive income                                                                    —                      —
                      Total comprehensive income                                                               311,193                141,197
                    Associates
                    Aggregate carrying value of investments                                                  1,327,460               1,308,056
                    Aggregate amounts of the following attributable to
                      shareholdings:
                      Net income                                                                                 61,920                 19,490
                      Other comprehensive income                                                                   (255)                (1,263)
                      Total comprehensive income                                                                 61,665                 18,227

                For 2025, there were no contingent liabilities associated with the investments in joint ventures and
                associates (2024: Nil).




218
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                        (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


IX.   RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      1.   Risks of financial instruments

           The Group’s daily activities expose it to the risk of a variety of financial instruments, mainly including
           credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk and interest rate risk). The
           Group’s risk management policy to address these risks are described as follows.

           (1)   Credit risk

                 The Group only trades with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy
                 that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
                 procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure that
                 the Group is not exposed to significant bad debts. For transactions that are not denominated in
                 the functional currency of the relevant operating unit, the Group does not offer credit terms
                 without the special approval of the credit control department of the Group.

                 Since currency cash, bank acceptance bills receivable and derivative financial instruments are
                 placed with the well-established banks with high credit ratings, the credit risk of these financial
                 instruments is relatively low.

                 The Group’s other financial assets comprise commercial acceptance bills receivable, trade
                 receivables and other receivables. The credit risk associated with such financial assets and
                 contract assets arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the
                 carrying value of these instruments.

                 The Group does not require collaterals as it only conducts transactions with approved third
                 parties with sound credit standing. Credit risk concentration is managed according to
                 customers/counterparties, geographic region and industry. As at 31 December 2025, the Group
                 was subject to specific credit risk concentration, as 15% (31 December 2024: 15%) and 37%
                 (31 December 2024: 39%) of the Group’s trade receivables were attributable to the largest
                 customer and top five customers, respectively, in terms of trade receivable balance. The Group
                 did not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement in respect of such trade receivable
                 balances.

                 (a)   Criteria for judging significant increases in credit risk

                       The Company assesses whether or not the credit risk of the relevant financial instruments
                       has increased significantly since the initial recognition at each balance sheet date. The
                       principal criteria of the Group for making the judgment that a credit risk has significantly
                       increased is an overdue by more than 30 days and significant change in one of more of
                       the indicators set out below: material adverse change in the debtor’s business conditions,
                       internal or external credit rating, actual or estimated operating results, among others.

                 (b)   Definition of credit-impaired financial assets

                       The main criterion adopted by the Group in determining the occurrence of credit
                       impairment is an overdue of more than 90 days, although the Group will also consider that
                       credit impairment has occurred under certain circumstances if internal or external
                       information indicates that it may not be able to collect a contract amount in full before
                       consideration is given to any credit enhancement held.

                       The credit impairment on a financial asset may be caused by the combined effect of
                       multiple events and may not be necessarily due to a single event.

                 (c)   Credit risk exposure

                       For trade receivables, contract assets and other receivables for which provision for
                       impairment for expected credit loss for the entire period has been made, a risk matric
                       model shown in Note V.4A, Note V.8 and Note V.6 is provided.




                                                                                                                           219
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


IX.     RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.      Risks of financial instruments (continued)

                (2)     Liquidity risk

                        The Group’s objective is to maintain balance between the continuity and flexibility of financing
                        through the use of a variety of financing means. Funds raised by the Group through operations
                        and borrowings are considered operational financing.

                        The maturity profile of financial liabilities based on undiscounted contractual cash flow is
                        summarised as follows:

                        2025

                                                        Within                                     Over
                                                        1 year    1–2 years     2–3 years       3 years          Total
                          Bank loans                 11,208,007   23,302,886   21,288,410     2,056,374     57,855,677
                          Lease liabilities             750,538      261,335      282,542       611,203      1,905,618
                          Derivative financial
                            liabilities                 179,247          —             —             —         179,247
                          Bills payable              15,270,429          —             —             —      15,270,429
                          Trade payables             18,766,840          —             —             —      18,766,840
                          Bonds payable                  85,800      85,800        85,800     8,083,450      8,340,850
                          Bank advances on
                            factored trade
                            receivables and long-
                            term receivables              9,070        3,628           —              —        12,698
                          Other payables
                            (excluding accruals
                            and staff housing fund
                            contributions)            1,725,018           —            —              —      1,725,018
                          Other non-current
                            liabilities                692,143     1,490,795       12,763     2,420,639      4,616,340
                          Total                      48,687,092   25,144,444   21,669,515    13,171,666    108,672,717

                        2024

                                                         Within                                     Over
                                                         1 year    1–2 years    2–3 years        3 years         Total
                          Bank loans                 12,611,046   15,051,966   23,175,297     7,107,227     57,945,536
                          Lease liabilities             544,777      198,465      213,376       561,102      1,517,720
                          Derivative financial
                            liabilities                 200,853          —             —             —         200,853
                          Bills payable              10,959,334          —             —             —      10,959,334
                          Trade payables             22,371,792          —             —             —      22,371,792
                          Bonds payable                  22,150      22,150        22,150     1,044,300      1,110,750
                          Bank advances on
                            factored trade
                            receivables and long-
                            term receivables              6,498        4,332        4,332             —        15,162
                          Other payables
                            (excluding accruals
                            and staff housing fund
                            contributions)            1,925,194           —            —              —      1,925,194
                          Other non-current
                            liabilities                600,000       70,372           362     3,712,765      4,383,499
                          Total                      49,241,644   15,347,285   23,415,517    12,425,394    100,429,840




220
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                 Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                       (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                      RMB’000


IX.   RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      1.   Risks of financial instruments (continued)

           (3)   Market risk

                 (a)   Interest rate risk

                       The Group’s exposure to risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the
                       Group’s long-term liabilities with floating interest rates. The Group manages its interest
                       rate risk by closely monitoring interest rate changes and reviewing its borrowings on a
                       regular basis.

                       As at 31 December 2025, the bank loans of the Group and the Company included fixed
                       rate debts and floating debts based on LIBOR and Euribor.

                       The Group’s interest risk policy is to manage interest rate risk by maintaining an
                       appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate instruments. The Group’s policy is to maintain
                       the fixed interest rate between 1.15% to 10.46%. Approximately 16.58% (2024: 12.19%)
                       of the Group’s interest bearing borrowings were subject to interests at fixed rates.

                       Interest-bearing borrowings with floating interest rate were mainly denominated in USD
                       and EUR. The sensitivity analysis of interest rate risks is set out in the following table,
                       reflecting the impact of reasonable and probable change in interest rates on net profit or
                       loss (through the impact on floating rate loans) and other comprehensive income (net of
                       tax) assuming that other variables remain constant.

                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                    (decrease)             Increase/
                                                                   Increase/           in other           (decrease)
                                                  Increase/       (decrease)     comprehensive               in total
                                                 (decrease)            in net           income         shareholders’
                                            in basis points    profit or loss        net of tax               equity
                        2025                             25           (98,891)                 —                 (98,891)
                                                        (25)           98,891                  —                  98,891
                        2024                             25          (103,624)                 —                (103,624)
                                                        (25)          103,624                  —                 103,624

                 (b)   Exchange rate risk

                       The Group is exposed to trading exchange rate risks. Such exposures arise from sales or
                       purchases by operating units in currencies other than the units’ functional currency.

                       The increase or decrease in value of assets or liabilities priced in foreign currency held by
                       the Group owing to exchange rate volatility will affect the Group’s operating results. Based
                       on the risk exposure of monetary assets and liabilities and estimates of future foreign
                       currency income and expenditure, the Group adopts forward exchange contracts to offset
                       exchange rate risks. The Group conducts hedging transactions in respect of exchange rate
                       risk exposure according to annual caps for foreign exchange derivative trades approved
                       and authorized by the Board and the General Meeting. Derivative trades of the Group
                       companies are centrally managed by the Derivative Investment Committee which will
                       adjust the foreign exchange hedging strategy according to market movements. A
                       Derivative Investment Work Group has been established under the said committee to be in
                       charge of specific transactions.




                                                                                                                          221
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


IX.     RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.      Risks of financial instruments (continued)

                (3)     Market risk (continued)

                        (b)     Exchange rate risk (continued)

                                The following table set out a sensitivity analysis of exchange rate risks that demonstrates
                                the impact of a reasonable and probable change in USD and EUR exchange rates on the
                                Group’s net profit or loss and other comprehensive income, with all other variables held
                                constant.

                                                                                             Increase/
                                                                                            (decrease)          Increase/
                                                         Increase/          Increase/          in other        (decrease)
                                                        (decrease)         (decrease)    comprehensive            in total
                                                           in USD               in net          income      shareholders’
                                                     exchange rate      profit or loss       net of tax            equity
                                  2025
                                  Weaker RMB
                                    against USD                  5%           315,761                 —           315,761
                                  Stronger RMB
                                    against USD                  (5%)        (315,761)                —          (315,761)
                                  2024
                                  Weaker RMB
                                    against USD                  5%           329,922                 —           329,922
                                  Stronger RMB
                                    against USD                  (5%)        (329,922)                —          (329,922)


                                                                                               Increase/
                                                                                              (decrease)        Increase/
                                                         Increase/          Increase/            in other      (decrease)
                                                        (decrease)         (decrease)    comprehensive            in total
                                                           in EUR               in net    income net of     shareholders’
                                                     exchange rate      profit or loss                tax          equity
                                  2025
                                  Weaker RMB
                                    against EUR                  5%           118,757                 —           118,757
                                  Stronger RMB
                                    against EUR                  (5%)        (118,757)                —          (118,757)
                                  2024
                                  Weaker RMB
                                    against EUR                  5%           165,481                 —           165,481
                                  Stronger RMB
                                    against EUR                  (5%)        (165,481)                —          (165,481)




222
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                                        Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                              (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                             RMB’000


IX.   RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      2.   Capital management

           The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to safeguard the Group’s ability to
           continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business
           and maximise shareholders’ value.

           The Group makes adjustments in the light of changes in economic conditions and in the risk profiles
           of relevant assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend
           payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not
           subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives,
           policies or processes for managing capital for 2025 and 2024.

           The Group manages capital using the financial gearing ratio, which is the ratio of interest-bearing
           liabilities to the sum of owners’ equity and interest-bearing liabilities. The financial gearing ratio as at
           the balance sheet dates was as follows:

                                                                                                                 2025                        2024
            Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                                             55,816,627                   55,533,948
            Lease liabilities                                                                             1,673,182                    1,517,720
            Bonds payable                                                                                 7,809,677                    1,004,880
            Bank advances on factored trade receivables and long-term
              receivables                                                                                      12,698                     15,162
            Total interest-bearing liabilities                                                           65,312,184                   58,071,710
            Owners’ equity                                                                               75,641,241                   73,110,282
            Total owner’s equity and interest-bearing liabilities                                      140,953,425                   131,181,992
            Gearing ratio                                                                                      46.3%                       44.3%

      3.   Hedge

           (1)   Conducing hedge transactions for the purpose of risk management

                                                                                                                       Effective        Impact of
                                                               Qualitative and               Economic correlation      fulfillment of   relevant
                                           Relevant risk       quantitative                  between the hedged        expected risk    hedging
                                           management strategy information of                item and relevant         management       activities on
                                           and objectives      hedged risks                  hedging instruments       objectives       risk exposure
                   Foreign exchange risk   To effectively avert     Qualitative: foreign     Fair-value change of      Basically        Risk basically
                      management              exchange rate risk      exchange risk             forward exchange         fulfilled         hedged
                                              by conducting value- Quantitative: Gain/loss      contract can set off
                                              protection hedge        from exchange rate        gain/loss from
                                              transactions, taking    movements of              exchange rate
                                              advantage of the risk   foreign currency          volatility of hedged
                                              aversion and value      exposure                  items caused by
                                              protection features                               foreign exchange
                                              of forward exchange                               risk
                                              contracts




                                                                                                                                                  223
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


IX.     RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        3.      Hedge (continued)

                (2)     Conducting qualifying hedge transactions and applying hedge accounting

                        Time distribution of nominal amounts of hedging instruments and average exchange rates were
                        set out as follows:

                        2025

                                                            Within
                                                         6 months    6–12 months     After 1 year           Total
                          Nominal amount of foreign
                            currency forward contract       55,924              —              —          55,924
                          Average RMB to foreign
                            currency exchange rate
                            (USD)                             6.99              —              —             6.99

                        2024

                                                            Within
                                                         6 months     6–12 months     After 1 year          Total
                          Nominal amount of foreign
                            currency forward contract       60,017              —              —          60,017
                          Average RMB to foreign
                            currency exchange rate
                            (JPY)                             0.05              —              —             0.05




224
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                                       Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                             (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                            RMB’000


IX.   RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      3.   Hedge (continued)

           (2)   Conducting qualifying hedge transactions and applying hedge accounting (continued)

                 Carrying value and fair-value change of hedging instruments were set out as follows:

                 2025

                                                                                                       Fair-value change
                                                                                                               of hedging
                                                                                                             instruments
                                                                                                       adopted as basis
                                              Nominal                                                     for recognition
                                            amount of                              Balance sheet items      of ineffective
                                              hedging    Carrying value of         including hedged        hedge portion
                                          instruments   hedging instruments        instruments           during the year
                                                         Assets     Liabilities
                  Cashflow hedge
                  Exchange rate risk           55,924         —           6,812    Derivative financial                      1,800
                    — foreign currency                                               liabilities
                    forward exchange
                    contracts
                  Fair-value hedge
                  Exchange rate risk       37,777,226   235,175        172,319     Derivative financial                   158,878
                    — foreign currency                                               assets/derivative
                    forward exchange                                                 financial liabilities
                    contracts

                 2024

                                                                                                                Fair-value change
                                                                                                                        of hedging
                                                                                                                       instruments
                                                                                                                adopted as basis
                                              Nominal                                                              for recognition
                                            amount of                              Balance sheet items               of ineffective
                                              hedging    Carrying value of         including hedged                 hedge portion
                                          instruments   hedging instruments        instruments                    during the year
                                                         Assets      Liabilities
                  Cashflow hedge
                  Exchange rate risk           60,017         73          1,481    Derivative financial                    (55,107)
                    — foreign currency                                               assets/derivative
                    forward exchange                                                 financial liabilities
                    contracts
                  Fair-value hedge
                  Exchange rate risk       32,041,042   166,082        199,355     Derivative financial                  (218,246)
                    — foreign currency                                               assets/derivative
                    forward exchange                                                 financial liabilities
                    contracts




                                                                                                                                225
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


IX.     RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        3.      Hedge (continued)

                (2)     Conducting qualifying hedge transactions and applying hedge accounting (continued)

                        Carrying value of hedged items and related adjustments were set out as follows:

                        2025

                                                                                                                                           Fair-value
                                                                                                                                          change of
                                                                                                                                         the hedged
                                                                                                                                      item adopted
                                                                                                                                        for the year
                                                                             Cumulative amount of                                       as basis for
                                                                                fair-value hedge           Balance sheet item           recognising
                                                                             adjustment of hedged          under which the                ineffective    Cash flow
                                                     Carrying value of     item (charged to carrying       hedged item is                  portion of       hedge
                                                       hedged item           value of hedged item)         included                            hedge       reserve
                                                      Asset      Liability        Asset     Liability
                          Cashflow hedge
                          Exchange rate risk                =             =             =            =     N/A                               16,884         (5,053)
                             — future expense of
                             foreign currency
                             settlement
                          Fair-value hedge
                          Exchange rate risk       11,572,177 11,708,358         419,409       471,891     Trade receivables,                (52,482)         N/A
                             — foreign currency                                                               other receivables,
                             exposure                                                                         trade payables and
                                                                                                              other payables

                        2024

                                                                                                                                            Fair-value
                                                                                                                                           change of
                                                                                                                                         the hedged
                                                                                                                                      item adopted
                                                                                                                                        for the year
                                                                               Cumulative amount of                                     as basis for
                                                                                  fair-value hedge         Balance sheet item            recognising
                                                                               adjustment of hedged        under which the                 ineffective   Cash flow
                                                      Carrying value of      item (charged to carrying     hedged item is                  portion of       hedge
                                                        hedged item            value of hedged item)       included                             hedge      reserve
                                                       Asset       Liability        Asset      Liability
                          Cashflow hedge
                          Exchange rate risk                =             =             =            =     N/A                               46,761           703
                             — future expense of
                             foreign currency
                             settlement
                          Fair-value hedge
                          Exchange rate risk       13,660,851    4,324,103       238,167       335,521     Trade receivables, other          (97,355)         N/A
                             — foreign currency                                                               receivables, trade
                             exposure                                                                         payables and other
                                                                                                              payables




226
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                         RMB’000


IX.   RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      3.   Hedge (continued)

           (2)   Conducting qualifying hedge transactions and applying hedge accounting (continued)

                 Fair-value change in hedging instruments recognised in current profit or loss and other
                 comprehensive income were set out as follows:

                 2025

                                                 Fair-value
                                                    change
                                                in hedging                                                         Amount
                                              instruments        Ineffective     Profit or loss          reclassified from
                                               recognised portion of hedge       items including                cash flow      Profit or loss
                                                   in other     recgonised       recognised                hedge reserve       items including
                                            comprehensive         in current     ineffective                    to current     reclassification
                  Cashflow hedge                    income   profit or loss      portion of hedge            profit or loss    adjustments
                  Exchange rate risk                 (2,220)            4,020    Gain/loss on fair-                   2,833    Finance cost
                    — foreign currency                                             value change
                    forward exchange
                    contract


                                                                                               Ineffective
                                                                                        portion of hedge         Profit or loss items
                                                                                    recgonised in current        including ineffective
                  Fair-value hedge                                                          profit or loss       portion of hedge
                  Exchange rate risk — foreign currency forward exchange                               78,781    Gain/loss from fair-value
                    contract                                                                                       change

                 2024

                                                  Fair-value
                                                  change in
                                                    hedging                                                         Amount
                                                instruments        Ineffective   Profit or loss           reclassified from
                                                 recognised portion of hedge     items including                 cash flow     Profit or loss
                                                    in other      recgonised     recognised                 hedge reserve      items including
                                             comprehensive          in current   ineffective                     to current    reclassification
                                                     income     profit or loss   portion of hedge             profit or loss   adjustments
                  Exchange rate risk                (43,550)          (11,557)   Gain/loss from                     (43,550)   Administrative
                    — foreign currency                                             fair-value change                             expense/
                    forward exchange                                                                                             finance cost
                    contract


                                                                                                 Ineffective
                                                                                          portion of hedge       Profit or loss items
                                                                                      recgonised in current      including ineffective portion
                  Fair-value hedge                                                            profit or loss     of hedge
                  Exchange rate risk — foreign currency forward exchange                            (125,831)    Gain/loss from
                    contract                                                                                       fair-value change




                                                                                                                                             227
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


IX.     RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        4.      Transfers of financial assets

                                                              Amount of
                                    Nature of financial financial assets              Derecognition Bases of judgement
                  Means of transfer assets transferred       transferred              status        for derecognition
                  Bill discounting         Bill receivables            16,712,893     Derecognised     Substantially all risks and
                                                                                                         rewards had been
                                                                                                         transferred
                  Factoring                Trade receivables              9,187,448   Derecognised     Substantially all risks and
                                                                                                         rewards had been
                                                                                                         transferred
                  Letter of credit         Trade receivables               582,421    Derecognised     Substantially all risks and
                                                                                                         rewards had been
                                                                                                         transferred
                  Total                                                26,482,762

                Financial assets derecognised as a result of transfer in 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                               Amount of       Profit or (loss)
                                                                                         financial assets          relating to
                                                              Means of transfer             derecognised        derecognition
                  Bills receivable                            Bill discounting                16,712,893               (71,154)
                  Trade receivables                           Factoring                        9,187,448              (342,541)
                  Trade receivables                           Letter of credit                   582,421               (18,619)
                  Total                                                                       26,482,762              (432,314)

                As at 31 December 2025, transferred financial assets under continuous involvement were as follows:

                                                                                              Amount of        Amount of
                                                                                           assets under   liability arising
                                                                                             continuous from continuous
                                                              Means of transfer             involvement      involvement
                  Trade receivables                           Factoring                               9,070              9,070
                  Long-term receivables                       Factoring                               3,628              3,628
                  Total                                                                              12,698             12,698




228
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                               Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                     (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


X.   DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUES

     1.   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value

          2025

                                                       Input applied in the measurement of fair value
                                                Quoted prices     Significant      Significant
                                                     in active    observable     unobservable
                                                      markets         inputs           inputs
                                                       Level 1       Level 2          Level 3                     Total
           Continuous measurement of
            fair value
            Derivative financial assets                    —          235,612               —                235,612
            Trading financial assets                   43,890      17,316,948           35,577            17,396,415
            Other non-current financial
               assets                                      —        1,104,699          687,921              1,792,620
            Receivable financing                           —        3,039,968               —               3,039,968
            Investment properties
               Leased buildings and land                   —                —           94,577                  94,577
           Total                                       43,890      21,697,227          818,075            22,559,192
             Derivative financial liabilities              —         (179,247)              —                (179,247)
             Other non-current liabilities                 —               —           (38,667)               (38,667)
           Total                                           —         (179,247)         (38,667)              (217,914)

          2024

                                                         Input applied in the measurement of fair value
                                                Quoted prices      Significant     Significant
                                                     in active     observable    unobservable
                                                      markets          inputs          inputs
                                                       Level 1        Level 2         Level 3                      Total
           Continuous measurement of
            fair value
            Derivative financial assets                    —          173,439               —                173,439
            Trading financial assets                   15,787      13,660,664           92,330            13,768,781
            Other non-current financial
               assets                                      —               —           715,761                715,761
            Receivable financing                           —        4,243,041               —               4,243,041
            Investment properties                          —               —            99,045                 99,045
           Total                                       15,787      18,077,144          907,136            19,000,067
             Derivative financial liabilities              —         (200,853)              —                 (200,853)
             Other non-current liabilities                 —               —           (73,697)                 (73,697)
           Total                                           —         (200,853)         (73,697)               (274,550)




                                                                                                                        229
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


X.      DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUES (continued)

        2.      Estimation of fair value

                (1)     Level-1 fair value measurement

                        The fair value of investment in listed equity instruments is determined based on quoted prices
                        in active markets.

                (2)     Level-2 fair value measurement

                        The Group determines the fair value of receivable financing using the present value of cash flow
                        model according to which the fair value approximates the carrying value.

                        The Group has entered into derivative financial instrument contracts with a number of
                        counterparties (who are mainly financial institutions with sound credit rating). Derivative financial
                        instruments include forward exchange contracts and are measured using valuation techniques
                        similar to forward pricing, model interchange and the present value method. The valuation
                        model covers a number of inputs observable in the market, such as the credit quality of the
                        counterparty, spot and forward exchange rates and interest rate curves. The carrying value of a
                        forward exchange contract or an interest rate swap is identical with its fair value. The mark-to-
                        market value of derivative financial assets represents the net value after offsetting credit
                        valuation adjustments attributable to the risk of counterparty default. Changes in the credit risk
                        associated with the counterparties had no material impact on the assessment of the
                        effectiveness of designated derivative hedge in hedging relationships and other financial
                        instruments measures at fair value.

                (3)     Level-3 fair value measurement

                        Fair value of non-listed equity investment is estimated using the market-based method. The
                        assumptions on which it is based are unobservable market prices or interest rate assumptions.
                        The Group is required to determine comparable listed companies based on industry, scale,
                        gearing and strategy and compute appropriate price multiples in respect of each identified
                        comparable listed company, such as enterprise value (E/V) multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”)
                        multiple, which are adjusted based on specific facts and conditions of the company, taking into
                        account differences in liquidity and scale between the Group and such comparable listed
                        companies.

                        The fair values of equity investments in listed companies during the lock-up period are arrived
                        at based on quotations in an active market discounted at a percentage reflecting the lack of
                        liquidity during lock-up.

                        Fair value of equity sell-back options in other non-current liabilities is measured using the
                        binomial tree model.

                        The Group considers information from a variety of sources in measuring the fair value of
                        investment properties, including: (a) current prices in an active market for properties of a
                        different nature, condition or location, adjusted to reflect those differences; (b) recent prices of
                        similar properties on less active markets, with adjustments to reflect any changes in economic
                        conditions since the date of the transactions that occurred in those prices; and (c) discounted
                        cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the terms
                        of any existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as
                        current market rents for similar properties in the same location and conditions, using discount
                        rates that reflect current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the
                        cash flows.




230
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                           Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                 (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                RMB’000


X.   DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUES (continued)

     3.   Unobservable inputs

          Below was a summary of the significant unobservable inputs to the fair value measurement of
          Level 3:

          2025

                                    Fair value     Valuation
                                at end of year     techniques           Unobservable inputs                                   Range
           Commercial              RMB94,577       Discounted cash      Estimated rental value (per sq. m.                   RMB67
             properties             thousand         flow method           and per month)
                                                                        Rent growth (p.a.)                               (3.5%)–0%
                                                                        Discount rate                                            7%
           Equity instrument      RMB723,498       Market method        Liquidity discount rate                           30%–40%
             investment             thousand                            P/E                                                    16.92
                                                                        P/B                                                1.39–2.06
           Other non-current       RMB38,667       Binomial tree        Risk-free interest rate                               1.85%
             liabilities            thousand         option pricing     Volatility rate                                      44.38%
                                                     model              Dividend rate                                             —
                                                                        Exercise probability                                    60%

          2024

                                      Fair value   Valuation
                                 at end of year    techniques           Unobservable inputs                                    Range
           Commercial          RMB99,045,000       Discounted cash      Estimated rental value (per sq. m.         RMB40-RMB250
             properties                               flow method          and per month)
                                                                        Rent growth (p.a.)                                  2%–5%
                                                                        Discount rate                                   7.25%–8%
           Equity instrument   RMB808,091,000      Market method        Liquidity discount rate                        8.10%–40%
             investment                                                 P/E                                                   16.41
                                                                        P/B                                               0.90–2.45
           Other non-current   RMB73,697,000       Binomial tree option Risk-free interest rate                      1.03%–1.32%
             liabilities                              pricing model     Volatility rate                            44.38%–51.78%
                                                                        Dividend rate                                            —
                                                                        Exercise probability                              0%–40%




                                                                                                                                    231
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


X.      DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUES (continued)

        4.      Fair value measurement adjustment

                Adjustments to continuous fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value
                hierarchy:

                2025

                                                                                                                                        Change in
                                                                                                                                            assets/
                                                                                                                                         liabilities
                                                                                                                                     held at year-
                                                                                                                                     end included
                                                                                                                                             under
                                                                                                                                       unrealised
                                                                                                                                      gain for the
                                            Opening Transfer into Transfer out      Through                                  Closing     period in
                                            balance      Level 3    of Level 3 profit or loss      Acquisition   Disposal    balance profit or loss
                 Investment properties        99,045            —             —          (4,468)           —           —      94,577          (4,468)
                 Trading financial
                   assets                     92,330            —        (43,890)         9,682            12     (22,557)    35,577         11,616
                 Other non-current
                   financial assets          715,761            —             —          (5,238)           —      (22,602)   687,921          (3,969)
                 Other non-current
                  financial liabilities       73,697            —        (52,143)        17,113            —           —      38,667         17,113

                2024

                                                                                                                                        Change in
                                                                                                                                            assets/
                                                                                                                                          liabilities
                                                                                                                                     held at year-
                                                                                                                                     end included
                                                                                                                                             under
                                                                                                                                        unrealised
                                                                                                                                      gain for the
                                             Opening Transfer into   Transfer out      Through                               Closing     period in
                                             balance      Level 3      of Level 3 profit or loss   Acquisition   Disposal    balance profit or loss
                 Investment properties      1,473,823          —      (1,224,400)      (150,378)           —           —      99,045         (1,151)
                 Trading financial assets      24,227      53,659             —          14,444            —           —      92,330         14,444
                 Other non-current
                   financial assets          831,930            —        (53,659)       (59,003)        9,704     (13,211)   715,761         (60,654)
                 Other non-current
                  financial liabilities       43,148            —             —          30,549            —           —      73,697         30,549




232
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                                                      Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                            (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


X.    DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUES (continued)

      4.   Fair value measurement adjustment (continued)

           In the continuous fair value measurement at Level 3, profit and loss included in current profit or loss
           relating to financial assets and non-financial assets was analysed as follows:

                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                     Relating to                Relating to
                                                                                financial assets           financial assets
            Total profit included in current profit or loss                                   4,444                   (44,559)
            Change in assets held at year-end included in
              unrealised profit or loss for the period                                        7,647                   (46,210)


                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                     Relating to                Relating to
                                                                                   non-financial               non-financial
                                                                                          assets                      assets
            Total profit included in current profit or loss                                  (4,468)                 (150,378)
            Change in assets held at year-end included in
              unrealised gain                                                                (4,468)                    (1,151)

           In the continuous fair value measurement at Level 3, profit and loss included in current profit or loss
           relating to financial liabilities is set out as follows:

                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                                                       Relating to               Relating to
                                                                                          financial                 financial
                                                                                         liabilities               liabilities
            Total profit included in current profit or loss                                 17,113                     30,549
            Change in liabilities held at year-end included in
              unrealised gain                                                               17,113                     30,549

           During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2.

XI.   RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

      1.   Controlling shareholder

            Name of controlling    Place of       Nature of                               Percentage of          Percentage of
            shareholder            registration   business        Registered capital       shareholding           voting rights
            Zhongxingxin Telecom   Shenzhen,      Manufacturing      RMB100 million               20.09%                 20.09%
              Company Limited        Guangdong

           The Company’s controlling shareholder is Zhongxingxin Telecom Company Limited.

      2.   Subsidiaries

           Details of significant subsidiaries are set out in Note VII and Note VIII.1.




                                                                                                                               233
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XI.     RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

        3.      Joint ventures and associates

                                                                 Relationship
                  Puxing Mobile Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd.      Joint venture of the Company
                  DataService Technology Co., Ltd.               Joint venture of the Company
                  Shaanxi Zhongtou Zhanlu Phase I Equity         Joint venture of the Company
                    Investment Partnership (Limited
                    Partnership)
                  Shaanxi Zhongtou Zhanlu Phase II Equity        Joint venture of the Company
                    Investment Partnership (Limited
                    Partnership)
                  WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD                Associate of the Company
                  Jetflow Technologies Co., Ltd.                 Associate of the Company
                  Tiejian Union (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.   Associate of the Company
                  ZHONGSHAN YOUSHUN PROPERTY                     Associate of the Company
                    COMPANY LIMITED
                  HENGYANG ICT REAL-ESTATE CO., LTD.             Associate of the Company
                  INTLIVE TECHNOLOGIES (PRIVATE) LIMITED         Associate of the Company
                  Jiangxi Guotou Information Technology          Ceased to be the Company’s associate as from
                    Co., Ltd.                                      June 2024, disclosure under related-party
                                                                   transactions represented amount for January to
                                                                   May 2024 and balance of receivables and
                                                                   payables as at 31 May 2024
                  ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment &                Have become the Company’s subsidiary and ceased
                    Management Company Limited                     to be an associate of the Company as from
                  ZTE Hotel Nanjing Management Company             September 2024, disclosure under related-party
                    Limited                                        transactions represented amount for January to
                  ZTE Hotel Xi’an Management Company               August 2024 and balance of receivables and
                    Limited                                        payables as at 31 August 2024
                  ZTE Hotel Shanghai Investment &
                    Management Company Limited

        4.      Other related parties

                                                                 Relationship
                  Sindi Technologies Co., Ltd.                   Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                  Shenzhen Xinyu Tengyue Electronics Co.,        Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                    Ltd.
                  Shenzhen Zhongxing New Cloud Service           Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                    Company Limited
                  Maanshan Sindi Technology Company              Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                    Limited
                  Shenzhen Zhongxing Xinli Precision M&E         Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                    Technology Company Limited
                  Shenzhen Xingkai Communication Equipment       Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                    Limited
                  Shenzhen New Video Smart Technology            Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                    Company Limited
                  Pylon Technologies Co., Ltd.                   Subsidiary of the Company’s controlling shareholder
                  Shenzhen Zhongxingxu Technology Company        Company controlled by a connected natural person
                    Limited                                        of the Company
                  LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd.        Company controlled by a connected natural person
                                                                   of the Company




234
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                          Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                               RMB’000


XI.   RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      4.   Other related parties (continued)

                                                         Relationship
            Xi’an Microelectronics Technology Research   Company for which a connected natural person of
              Institute                                    the Company acted as head
            Xiazhi Technology Company Limited            Company for which a connected natural person of
                                                           the Company acted as chairman
            Shenzhen ZTE International Investment        Company for which a connected natural person of
              Company Limited                              the Company acted as chairman
            Tianjin ZTE International Investment         Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Company Limited                              natural person of the Company acted as chairman
            Shenzhen Zhongxing Information Company       Company for which a connected natural person of
              Limited                                      the Company acted as chairman
            ZTE Development Company Limited              Company for which a connected natural person of
                                                           the Company acted as director
            Shenzhen Zhongxing WXT Equipment             Company for which a connected natural person of
              Company Limited                              the Company acted as director
            Nanchang Zhongzhan Digital Smart             Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Technology Company Limited                   natural person of the Company acted as director
            Huatong Technology Co., Ltd.                 Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
                                                           natural person of the Company acted as director
            Beijing Zhongxing Xieli Technology Company   Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Limited                                      natural person of the Company acted as director
            Xi’an Xieli Chaoyue Technology Company       Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Limited                                      natural person of the Company acted as director
            ZTE Hotel Harbourview Hotel Investment       Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Development Company Limited                  natural person of the Company acted as director
            Shenzhen Aerospace Guangyu Industrial        Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Company Limited                              natural person of the Company acted as director
            Shenzhen Shuzhigang Technology Industry      Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Co., Ltd.                                    natural person of the Company acted as director
            Zhongxing Software Technology (Ji’nan)       Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Company Limited                              natural person of the Company acted as director
            Chongqing Zhongxing Development              Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Company Limited                              natural person of the Company acted as director
            Chongqing Zhongxing Zhongtou Property        Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Service Company Limited                      natural person of the Company acted as director
            Sanhe Zhongxing Property Service Company     Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Limited                                      natural person of the Company acted as director
            Sanhe Zhongxing Development Company          Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Limited                                      natural person of the Company acted as director
            Zhongxing Software Technology (Shenyang)     Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
              Company Limited                              natural person of the Company acted as director
            Shenzhen Techrise Electronics Co., Ltd.      Subsidiary of a company for which a connected
                                                           natural person of the Company acted as senior
                                                           management
            Beijing Changrui Time Technology Limited     Company controlled by a connected natural person
                                                           of the Company during the past 12 months
            航天歐華信息技術有限公司                                 Subsidiary of “a company for which a connected
                                                           natural person of the Company acted as senior
                                                           management” during the past 12 months
            Sanya Zhongxing Land Development             Subsidiary of “a company for which a connected
              Co., Ltd.                                    natural person of the Company acted as chairman”
                                                           during the past 12 months




                                                                                                                   235
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XI.     RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

        4.      Other related parties (continued)

                                                                      Relationship
                  Shenzhen Zhongxing Energy Conservation &            Ceased to be a related party of the Company as
                    Environmental Service Company Limited              from May 2025, disclosure under related-party
                                                                       transactions represented amount for January to
                                                                       April 2025 and balance of receivables and
                                                                       payables as at 30 April 2025
                  Shenzhen Zhongxing Tenglang Eco-Tech                Ceased to be a related party of the Company as
                    Company Limited                                    from May 2025, disclosure under related-party
                                                                       transactions represented amount for January to
                                                                       April 2025 and balance of receivables and
                                                                       payables as at 30 April 2025
                  Zhongxing Intelligent Technology (Wuhu)             Ceased to be a related party of the Company as
                    Company Limited                                    from May 2025, disclosure under related-party
                                                                       transactions represented amount for January to
                                                                       April 2025 and balance of receivables and
                                                                       payables as at 30 April 2025
                  Tianhao Investment Co., Ltd.                        Ceased to be a connected party of the Company as
                                                                       from October 2025, disclosure under related-party
                                                                       transactions represented amount for January to
                                                                       September 2025
                  Shanghai Zhongxing Keyuan Industrial                Ceased to be a related party of the Company as
                    Company Limited                                    from August 2024, disclosure under related-party
                                                                       transactions represented amount for January to
                                                                       July 2024
                  GD Ouke Air-conditioning & Refrigeration            Ceased to be a related party of the Company as
                   Company Limited                                     from April 2024, disclosure under related-party
                                                                       transactions represented amount for January to
                                                                       March 2024 and balance of receivables and
                                                                       payables as at 31 March 2024
                  Shenzhen Aerospace Property Management              Ceased to be a related party of the Company as
                    Co., Ltd.                                          from November 2024, disclosure under related-
                                                                       party transactions represented amount for January
                                                                       to October 2024 and balance of receivables and
                                                                       payables as at 31 October 2024

        5.      Transactions with related parties

                (1)     Transaction of goods with related parties

                        (a)     Sales of goods and services to related parties

                                                                                               2025              2024
                                  Transactions with controlling shareholder and its
                                    subsidiaries:
                                  Zhongxingxin Telecom Company Limited                            10                43
                                  Pylon Technologies Co., Ltd.                                 3,774                —
                                  Sindi Technologies Co., Ltd.                                     5             1,042
                                  Shenzhen Zhongxing New Cloud Service
                                    Company Limited                                             266                  3
                                                                                               4,055             1,088




236
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                              Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                    (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                   RMB’000


XI.   RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      5.   Transactions with related parties (continued)

           (1)   Transaction of goods with related parties (continued)

                 (a)   Sales of goods and services to related parties (continued)

                                                                                       2025                       2024
                        Transactions with companies where connected
                          natural persons held office or exercised control
                          and their subsidiaries:
                        航天歐華信息技術有限公司                                                697,220                  236,718
                        Shenzhen Zhongxing Information Company
                          Limited                                                         2                        —
                        ZTE Development Company Limited                                  14                        68
                        Tianhao Investment Co., Ltd.                                 35,983                    23,795
                        Shenzhen Zhongxingxu Technology Company
                          Limited                                                         —                      2,628
                        Shenzhen Zhongxing Energy Conservation &
                          Environmental Service Company Limited                          —                           6
                        LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                         122                      1,099
                        Xiazhi Technology Company Limited                             1,530                         —
                        Nanchang Zhongzhan Digital Smart Technology
                          Company Limited                                               164                           —
                                                                                    735,035                  264,314
                        Transactions relating to associates and joint
                          ventures of the Company and their subsidiaries:
                        Puxing Mobile Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd.                       226                     1,216
                        WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD                              16,578                    16,657
                        DataService Technology Co., Ltd.                                 17                        —
                        Shaanxi Zhongtou Zhanlu Phase I Equity
                          Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)                  748                      1,784
                        Shaanxi Zhongtou Zhanlu Phase II Equity
                          Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)                3,031                      3,492
                        Jiangxi Guotou Information Technology Co., Ltd.                  —                          75
                        ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment & Management
                          Company Limited                                                 —                         39
                        ZTE Hotel Nanjing Management Company Limited                      —                        518
                        ZTE Hotel Xi’an Management Company Limited                        —                      2,124
                        ZTE Hotel Shanghai Investment & Management
                          Company Limited                                                 —                      1,342
                                                                                     20,600                    27,247
                                                                                    759,690                  292,649




                                                                                                                       237
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XI.     RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

        5.      Transactions with related parties (continued)

                (1)     Transaction of goods with related parties (continued)

                        (b)     Purchases of goods and services from related parties

                                                                                         2025      2024
                                  Transactions with controlling shareholder and its
                                    subsidiaries:
                                  Sindi Technologies Co., Ltd.#                          8,604    96,406
                                  Shenzhen Xinyu Tengyue Electronics Co., Ltd.#         21,458    18,719
                                  Maanshan Sindi Technology Company Limited#           103,903        —
                                  Pylon Technologies Co., Ltd.#                             56        —
                                  Shenzhen Zhongxing Xinli Precision M&E
                                    Technology Company Limited#                        114,472   110,253
                                  Shenzhen Zhongxing New Cloud Service
                                    Company Limited                                        11         —
                                                                                       248,504   225,378
                                  Transactions with companies where connected
                                    natural persons held office and their
                                    subsidiaries:
                                  Huatong Technology Co., Ltd.                          83,912    60,902
                                  Nanchang Zhongzhan Digital Smart Technology
                                    Company Limited                                     91,524    71,621
                                  GD Ouke Air-conditioning & Refrigeration
                                    Company Limited                                         —       290
                                  Beijing Zhongxing Xieli Technology Company
                                    Limited                                                 —      5,079
                                  Xi’an Xieli Chaoyue Technology Company Limited         4,183        —
                                  ZTE Hotel Harbourview Hotel Investment
                                    Development Company Limited                            66       949
                                  Shenzhen Aerospace Property Management Co.,
                                    Ltd.                                                    —       205
                                  Shenzhen Zhongxing Tenglong Eco-Tech
                                    Company Limited                                      5,551     3,535
                                  Xiazhi Technology Company Limited                      1,708        —
                                  Shenzhen Techrise Electronics Co., Ltd.                   80        —
                                  Shenzhen Aerospace Guangyu Industrial Company
                                    Limited                                                 9         —
                                  Shenzhen Zhongxing Information Company
                                    Limited                                                 —      4,522
                                  Shenzhen Shuzhigang Technology Industry Co.,
                                    Ltd.                                               557,703        —
                                                                                       744,736   147,103




238
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                      (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000


XI.   RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      5.   Transactions with related parties (continued)

           (1)   Transaction of goods with related parties (continued)

                 (b)   Purchases of goods and services from related parties (continued)

                                                                                                         2025                       2024
                           Transactions relating to associates and joint
                             ventures of the Company and their subsidiaries:
                           WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD                                           210,948                   182,151
                           Jetflow Technologies Co., Ltd.                                              3,838                        88
                           ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment & Management
                             Company Limited                                                                —                    15,598
                           ZTE Hotel Nanjing Management Company Limited                                     —                     8,132
                           ZTE Hotel Shanghai Investment & Management
                             Company Limited                                                                —                      3,793
                           ZTE Hotel Xi’an Management Company Limited                                       —                      5,414
                                                                                                     214,786                   215,176
                                                                                                  1,208,026                    587,657

                       #
                               Continuing connected transaction subject to annual reporting under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

                       Note: For the year, the Group conducted commodity trade with related parties based on market prices.




                                                                                                                                         239
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XI.     RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

        5.      Transactions with related parties (continued)

                (2)     Leasing with related parties

                        (a)     As lessor

                                                                                           2025      2024
                                                                        Type of           Lease     Lease
                                                                        lease asset     income    income
                                  Transactions with controlling
                                    shareholder and its subsidiaries:
                                  Shenzhen Zhongxing New Cloud          Office            3,161    3,264
                                    Service Company Limited
                                                                                          3,161    3,264
                                  Transactions with companies where
                                    connected natural persons held
                                    office and their subsidiaries:
                                  Shenzhen Zhongxing Energy             Office               —       272
                                    Conservation & Environmental
                                    Service Company Limited.
                                  Shanghai Zhongxing Keyuan             Office               —       218
                                    Industrial Company Limited
                                  Huatong Technology Co., Ltd.          Office              69        34
                                  Zhongxing Software Technology         Office              84        —
                                    (Ji’nan) Company Limited
                                  Shenzhen ZTE International            Office             137       135
                                    Investment Company Limited
                                  Zhongxing Intelligent Technology      Office              49       146
                                    (Wuhu) Company Limited
                                                                                           339       805
                                  Transactions relating to associates
                                    and joint ventures of the
                                    Company and their subsidiaries:
                                  ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment &       Property and         —     7,309
                                    Management Company Limited            equipment &
                                                                          facilities
                                  ZTE Hotel Nanjing Management          Property and         —     4,390
                                    Company Limited                       equipment &
                                                                          facilities
                                  ZTE Hotel Xi’an Management            Property and         —    11,708
                                    Company Limited                       equipment &
                                                                          facilities
                                  ZTE Hotel Shanghai Investment &       Property and         —    10,485
                                    Management Company Limited            equipment &
                                                                          facilities
                                  Jetflow Technologies Co., Ltd.        Office             422       554
                                                                                           422    34,446
                                                                                          3,922   38,515




240
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                           (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                          RMB’000


XI.   RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      5.   Transactions with related parties (continued)

           (2)   Leasing with related parties (continued)

                 (b)   As lessee

                                                                            Rental
                                                                          expense Variable lease
                                                                         based on payment not
                                                                        simplified      included
                                                                       short term          in the                Lease liability
                                                                        lease and measurement                          interest
                                                        Type of         low value        of lease                     expense Right of use
                                                        lease asset   asset lease      liabilities   Rental paid     assumed assets added
                           Transactions with
                              controlling shareholder
                              and its subsidiaries:
                           Zhongxingxin Telecom         Office                213              —         12,483             580                —
                              Company Limited
                           Transactions with
                              companies where
                              connected natural
                              persons held office and
                              their subsidiaries:
                           Chongqing Zhongxing          Office                972              —          7,030           1,045                —
                              Development Company
                              Limited
                           Chongqing Zhongxing          Office                419              —             —                —                —
                              Zhongtou Property
                              Service Company
                              Limited
                           Sanhe Zhongxing Property     Office              3,178              —             —                —                —
                              Service Company
                              Limited
                           Sanhe Zhongxing              Office                  —              —         15,261           2,291                —
                              Development Company
                              Limited
                           Tianjin ZTE International    Office              2,545              —          4,716             924                —
                              Investment Company
                              Limited
                                                                            7,114              —         27,007           4,260                —
                                                                            7,327              —         39,490           4,840                —

                       Note: The Group recognised lease income of RMB3,922,000 (2024: RMB38,515,000) for the year according to the
                             lease contracts for the lease of office and equipment to the aforesaid related parties.

                                The Group recognised short-term lease and low-value asset lease expense of RMB7,327,000 and paid rental
                                of RMB39,490,000 (2024: recognised short-term lease and low-value asset lease expense of RMB7,155,000
                                and paid rental of RMB39,729,000) for the year according to the lease contracts for the lease of office from
                                the aforesaid connected parties.

           (3)   Other major related transactions

                 Remuneration of key management personnel

                                                                                                              2025                       2024
                   Short-term staff remuneration                                                            39,513                    57,821
                   Retirement benefit                                                                          340                       324
                   Total                                                                                    39,853                    58,145




                                                                                                                                              241
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XI.     RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

        5.      Transactions with related parties (continued)

                (4)     Transfer of assets with related parties

                                                                        Transaction                          2025                   2024
                             Sanya Zhongxing Land                       Asset disposal                     90,000                      —
                               Development Co., Ltd.
                             ZTE Development Company                    Equity acquisition                       —               71,313
                               Limited*
                             Total                                                                         90,000                71,313

                         *       In September 2024, the Group acquired 82% equity interests in ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment & Management
                                 Company Limited for a consideration of RMB71,313,000. As from September 2024, ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment
                                 & Management Company Limited has been included in the Group’s consolidated statements.

        6.      Balances of amounts due from/to related parties

                  Item                     Related party                                      2025                         2024
                                                                                          Book Bad debt                Book    Bad debt
                                                                                        balance   provision          balance    provision
                  Receivable               航天歐華信息技術有限公司                                    7,232            —             —             —
                    financing
                                           Jetflow Technologies Co., Ltd.                   166             —             —             —
                                                                                           7,398            —             —             —
                  Trade                    WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY CO.,                     1,621            16          460           392
                    receivables               LTD
                                           Tiejian Union (Beijing) Technology Co.,          696           696           696           696
                                              Ltd.
                                           Shenzhen Xingkai Communication                22,060        22,060         22,060       22,060
                                              Equipment Limited
                                           Shenzhen Zhongxing Information                     80             3            80             1
                                              Company Limited
                                           Sindi Technologies Co., Ltd.                       1            —             —             —
                                           Beijing Changrui Time Technology                 258           258           263           263
                                              Limited
                                           LONGi Green Energy Technology                    414              4            —             —
                                              Corporation
                                           Jetflow Technologies Co., Ltd.                   318           304            306           33
                                           ZTE Hotel Shenzhen Investment &                   —             —          46,348       28,370
                                              Management Company Limited
                                           ZTE Hotel Xi’an Management                         —             —         30,000       10,069
                                              Company Limited
                                           ZTE Hotel Nanjing Management                       —             —          4,706          151
                                              Company Limited
                                           ZTE Hotel Shanghai Investment &                    —             —         72,198       45,922
                                              Management Company Limited
                                                                                         25,448        23,341        177,117      107,957
                  Prepayments              航天歐華信息技術有限公司                                       82            1             —             —
                  Other                    Sanhe Zhongxing Property Service                   10            —             10            —
                    receivables              Company Limited
                                           Sanhe Zhongxing Development                        71            —             71            —
                                             Company Limited
                                                                                              81            —             81            —




242
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                         Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                               (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                              RMB’000


XI.   RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      6.   Balances of amounts due from/to related parties (continued)

            Item                Related party                                     2025                        2024
            Bills payable       WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD                  3,122                       1,187
                                Shenzhen Xinyu Tengyue Electronics Co.,          6,917                       6,646
                                  Ltd
                                Sindi Technologies Co., Ltd.                     1,187                     38,687
                                Shenzhen Zhongxing Xinli Precision M&E          55,071                     55,066
                                  Technology Company Limited
                                GD Ouke Air-conditioning & Refrigeration              —                      2,144
                                  Company Limited
                                Shenzhen New Video Smart Technology                  11                          —
                                  Company Limited
                                Shenzhen Zhongxing Tenglong Eco-Tech             3,536                       8,891
                                  Company Limited
                                Jetflow Technologies Co., Ltd.                   2,756                           —
                                Xiazhi Technology Company Limited                  680                           —
                                Shenzhen Shuzhigang Technology Industry         48,272                           —
                                  Co., Ltd.
                                Maanshan Sindi Technology Company               48,847                           —
                                  Limited
                                                                               170,399                    112,621
            Trade payables      Shenzhen Xinyu Tengyue Electronics Co.,          1,522                       1,535
                                  Ltd.
                                Sindi Technologies Co., Ltd.                        182                    16,552
                                Shenzhen Zhongxing WXT Equipment                     50                       327
                                  Company Limited
                                Shenzhen Zhongxing Information Company              155                        277
                                  Limited
                                Shenzhen Zhongxing Xinli Precision M&E          18,427                     23,719
                                  Technology Company Limited
                                WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD                209,525                    219,523
                                Pylon Technologies Co., Ltd.                     1,994                      2,207
                                航天歐華信息技術有限公司                                     1,987                      1,987
                                Shenzhen Zhongxing Tenglong Eco-Tech                —                         933
                                  Company Limited
                                Shenzhen New Video Smart Technology                   —                          74
                                  Company Limited
                                Jetflow Technologies Co., Ltd.                      —                          100
                                Maanshan Sindi Technology Company               22,124                          —
                                  Limited
                                Shenzhen Shuzhigang Technology Industry         31,562                           —
                                  Co., Ltd.
                                Xiazhi Technology Company Limited                    17                          —
                                                                               287,545                    267,234




                                                                                                                  243
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XI.     RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

        6.      Balances of amounts due from/to related parties (continued)

                  Item                     Related party                                   2025     2024
                  Contract liabilities     Nanchang Zhongzhan Digital Smart               5,327    5,327
                                              Technology Company Limited
                                           Xi’an Microelectronics Technology Research     1,620    1,620
                                              Institute
                                           Beijing Zhongxing Xieli Technology              155      155
                                              Company Limited
                                           航天歐華信息技術有限公司                                 171,402    1,793
                                           Zhongxing Software Technology                      3        3
                                              (Shenyang) Company Limited
                                           Shenzhen Zhongxingxu Technology                  30       30
                                              Company Limited
                                           Shaanxi Zhongtou Zhanlu Phase I                  61       78
                                              Equity Investment Partnership
                                              Enterprise (Limited Partnership)
                                                                                        178,598    9,006
                  Other payables           Zhongxingxin Telecom Company                    323       10
                                             Limited
                                           INTLIVE TECHNOLOGIES (PRIVATE)                 5,265    5,457
                                             LIMITED
                                           ZHONGSHAN YOUSHUN PROPERTY                     2,000    2,000
                                             COMPANY LIMITED
                                           Zhongxing Software Technology (Ji’nan)           13        —
                                             Company Limited
                                           HENGYANG ICT REAL-ESTATE CO.,                   198      198
                                             LTD.
                                           Shenzhen Zhongxing New Cloud                    466        —
                                             Service Company Limited
                                           Shenzhen Zhongxing Energy                       200      229
                                             Conservation & Environmental Service
                                             Company Limited.
                                           Shenzhen ZTE International Investment            26       26
                                             Company Limited
                                           Huatong Technology Co., Ltd.                    723        6
                                           Shenzhen Aerospace Property                      —        30
                                             Management Co., Ltd.
                                           Zhongxing Intelligent Technology (Wuhu)           —       26
                                             Company Limited
                                           Puxing Mobile Telecom Equipment Co.,           1,483    4,523
                                             Ltd.
                                           WHALE CLOUD TECHNOLOGY CO.,                    1,806    5,111
                                             LTD
                                           Shenzhen Zhongxing WXT Equipment                  —       12
                                             Company Limited
                                           Shenzhen Zhongxing Information                    2        —
                                             Company Limited
                                                                                         12,505   17,628




244
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                                         Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                               (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                              RMB’000


XI.   RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      6.   Balances of amounts due from/to related parties (continued)

            Item                          Related party                                                           2025                        2024
            Lease liabilities             Sanhe Zhongxing Development                                          40,843                     53,813
                                            Company Limited
                                          Tianjin ZTE International Investment                                 17,359                     21,151
                                            Company Limited
                                          Zhongxingxin Telecom Company                                           6,760                    18,663
                                            Limited
                                          Chongqing Zhongxing Development                                      18,415                     24,400
                                            Company Limited
                                                                                                               83,377                   118,027

           Other than lease liabilities, other amounts due from/to related parties were interest-free, unsecured
           and had no fixed term of repayment. Amounts receivables from related parties were interest-free and
           unsecured with a usual credit term of 0–90 days, which may be extended to up to 1 year.

      7.   Commitments of the Group with related parties

           (1)   Information on sales with related parties in 2026 of the Group as purchaser was as follows:

                                                                    Subject of                                                       Estimated
                    Supplier                                        purchase             Date                  Duration               purchase
                                                                                                                                          2026
                    Zhongxingxin Telecom Company                    Raw materials        December              One year                  400,000
                      Limited and its subsidiaries                                         2025
                    Shenzhen Digital Intelligence Port              Raw materials        December              One year               3,000,000
                      Technology Industry Company                                          2025
                      Limited
                    Huatong Technology Co., Ltd.     Personnel                           December              Two years                   85,000
                                                       hiring and                          2024
                                                       project
                                                       outsourcing
                                                       services
                    Nanchang Zhongzhan Digital Smart Personnel                           December              Two years                   97,000
                      Technology Company Limited       hiring and                          2024
                                                       project
                                                       outsourcing
                                                       services
                    Total                                                                                                             3,582,000

                   Note: For details of purchases incurred for the year, please refer to Note XI. 5 (1).

           (2)   Information on leases of the Group (as lessor) with related parties in 2026 –2027 was as
                 follows:

                    Lessee                                                                             Estimated rental income
                                                                                                            2026             2027
                    Transactions with the controlling shareholder and its                                        2,814                      2,809
                      subsidiaries
                    Transactions with companies with which connected                                               432                         423
                      natural persons held positions and their subsidiaries
                    Transactions relating to joint ventures and associates of                                      261                         261
                      the Company and their subsidiaries
                    Total                                                                                        3,507                      3,493

                   Note: For details of rental income incurred for the year, please refer to Note XI. 5 (2).




                                                                                                                                                  245
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XI.     RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

        7.      Commitments of the Group with related parties (continued)

                (3)     Information on leases of the Group (as lessee) with related parties in 2026 –2027 was as
                        follows:

                          Lessor                                                                            Estimate lease expense
                                                                                                                 2026             2027
                          Transactions with the controlling shareholder and its
                            subsidiaries                                                                             10,721     10,721
                          Transactions with companies with which connected
                            natural persons held positions and their subsidiaries                                    30,637     30,601
                          Total                                                                                      41,358     41,322

                        Note: For details of rental expense incurred for the year, please refer to Note XI. 5 (2).

XII.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT EVENTS

        1.      Material commitments

                                                                                                                      2025        2024
                  Contracted but not provided of
                  Capital expenditure commitments                                                             3,097,365       2,457,110
                  Investment commitments                                                                        439,790         463,320
                  Including: investment commitment to joint ventures                                            382,940         406,470
                                                                                                              3,537,155       2,920,430

        2.      Contingent events

                2.1. On 15 April 2018, the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”)
                     signed an order activating a previously suspended 7-year denial order (commencing on 15 April
                     2018 and ending on 13 March 2025) (the “15 April 2018 Denial Order”). The 15 April 2018
                     Denial Order restricted and prohibited the Company and ZTE Kangxun Telecommunications Ltd.
                     (its wholly-owned subsidiary) (collectively “ZTE”) from participating in any way, whether directly
                     or indirectly, in any transaction involving any commodity, software, or technology exported or to
                     be exported from the United States that is subject to the U.S. Export Administration
                     Regulations (“EAR”), or any other activities subject to control under EAR. The full text of the 15
                     April 2018 Denial Order was published in the United States Federal Register (Federal Register
                     Vol. 83, p. 17644) on 23 April 2018.




246
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                      (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


XII.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT EVENTS (continued)

       2.   Contingent events (continued)

            2.1. (continued)

                 In June 2018, ZTE and BIS entered into a superseding settlement agreement (“2018
                 Superseding Settlement Agreement”) to supersede the settlement agreement signed between
                 ZTE and BIS in March 2017 (“2017 Settlement Agreement”). The 2018 Superseding Settlement
                 Agreement came into effect via a superseding order relating to ZTE on 8 June 2018 (the “8
                 June 2018 Order”). In accordance with the 2018 Superseding Settlement Agreement, the
                 Company had paid civil monetary penalties totalling USD1.4 billion, including a lump sum
                 payment of USD1 billion and an additional penalty of USD0.4 billion placed in an escrow
                 account with a U.S. bank suspended during the period of ten years from the issuance of the 8
                 June 2018 Order(the “Probationary Period”) (The USD0.4 billion penalty will be waived after the
                 end of Probationary Period if ZTE complies with the probationary conditions set forth in the
                 Agreement and the 8 June 2018 Order during the Probationary Period). ZTE was required to
                 comply with all applicable terms and conditions of the 2018 Superseding Settlement Agreement,
                 including but not limited to: a new denial order (the “New Denial Order”) for a period of ten
                 years from the issuance of the 8 June 2018 Order that would, among other things, restrict and
                 prohibit ZTE from applying for, obtaining, or using any license, license exception, or export
                 control document, and participating in any way in any transaction involving any commodity,
                 software, or technology that is subject to EAR, provided that such New Denial Order shall be
                 suspended during the Probationary Period and thereafter be waived subject to ZTE’s
                 compliance with the 2018 Superseding Settlement Agreement and the 8 June 2018 Order. For
                 details of other terms and conditions, please refer to the “INSIDE INFORMATION
                 ANNOUNCEMENT AND RESUMPTION OF TRADING” published by the Company on 12 June
                 2018.

                 To fulfill the obligations under the 2018 Superseding Settlement Agreement and 2017 Settlement
                 Agreement, the Company is required to provide and implement a comprehensive and updated
                 export control compliance programme that covers all levels of ZTE.

                 In the event of the Company’s violation of obligations under the 2018 Superseding Settlement
                 Agreement or 2017 Settlement Agreement, (i) the suspended New Denial Order might be
                 activated, which would, among other things, restrict and prohibit ZTE from applying for,
                 obtaining, or using any license, license exception, or export control document, and participating
                 in any transaction involving any commodity, software, or technology that is subject to the EAR;
                 (ii) the USD0.4 billion placed in an escrow account with a U.S. bank shall become payable
                 immediately and shall be paid in full or in part.

                 The Company has established the Export Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors,
                 which includes the Company’s executive directors, non-executive directors and independent
                 non-executive directors; built a team led by Chief Export Compliance Officer and composed of
                 export control compliance team members with global coverage and engaged a number of
                 counsels and consultants; established and enhanced the Company’s export control compliance
                 management structure, system and procedure; introduced and implemented SAP Global Trade
                 Services (GTS) System, self-developed the Enterprise Compliance Service System (ECSS) and
                 achieved integration with key business systems, to automate key aspects of export compliance
                 management; carried out Export Control Classification Number (“ECCN”) Publication Project,
                 which makes available to its customers and business partners the applicable ECCN information
                 and other export control information for products subject to the EAR via a public website;
                 continued to provide online and offline export compliance training for senior management,
                 subsidiaries, compliance liaisons, account managers and new employees; cooperated with the
                 special compliance coordinator to conduct various monitoring and compliance audits; and made
                 continuous investment on the work on export control compliance.

                 In 2025, the Company has complied with all local rules and regulations, as applicable, including
                 restrictions under economic sanctions and export control laws and regulations, of the countries
                 in which it operates its businesses. Complying with ZTE’s Export Compliance Program and the
                 regulations on which it is based is an essential requirement for ZTE’s employees, contract
                 employees, and businesses.


                                                                                                                         247
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XII.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT EVENTS (continued)

        2.      Contingent events (continued)

                2.1. (continued)

                        Compliance not only protects value, but it also creates value. The Company attaches significant
                        importance to the work on export control compliance, regarding compliance as a foundation for
                        the Company’s strategy and condition and bottom-line for the Company’s operations. The
                        Company will continually build its value for its customers, shareholders, and employees, and
                        build a compliant and healthy business environment with customers and partners through the
                        dedication and vigilance to export compliance of every employee.

                        During the period from 1 January 2025 to the date of publication of this report, to the best of
                        the Company’s knowledge, the aforesaid contingent events will not have any material adverse
                        impact on the current financial conditions and operating results of the Group.

                2.2. On 7 July 2025, Hengyang Jinliuyuan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Jinliuyuan”) filed a
                     lawsuit with Zhengxiang District People’s Court, Hengyang (the “Court”) in relation to a contract
                     for cooperation in real estate development. Hunan ZICT Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hunan ZICT”), a
                     subsidiary of the Company, was named as defendant and Hengyang ICT Real-Estate Co., Ltd.,
                     Hunan Southern China Manufacturing Group Co., Ltd. and Hengyang Jinyu Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                     were named as third parties. Jinliuyuan petitioned that the “Agreement for Cooperation in
                     Project Development” and “Supplemental Agreement” previously entered into be ruled to be
                     rescinded and that Hunan ZICT be ruled to make a repayment to Jinliuyuan of cash
                     cooperation funds, funds invested in infrastructure construction and losses and projected
                     interest loss, among others, amounting to approximately RMB300 million in aggregate. On 11
                     July, the Court ruled that properties under the name of Hunan ZICT shall be frozen and seized
                     up to a limit of RMB200 million. On 15 July, Hunan ZICT was served with documents including
                     a civil complaint, a summons and a notice of action.

                        In October 2025, Jinliuyuan amended its petition to the Court to demand for the payment by
                        Hunan ZICT of depreciation loss on pledged housing properties in relation to the case
                        amounting to RMB54,190,000. In November 2025, Hunan ZICT submitted a counter-petition to
                        the Court for the court to rule in favour of a payment for contract default amounting to RMB30
                        million by Jinliuyuan to Hunan ZICT and confirm the preferential rights to compensation of
                        Hunan ZICT over amounts derived from the auction, sale and discounting of the pledged
                        housing properties.

                        In December 2025, the case was heard at the court and the claimant and defendant each
                        stated their claim and defense. After court, Jinliuyuan and Hunan ZICT each submitted an
                        application to the court for the authentication of pricing for the completed work involved in the
                        case. As the application for authentication by Jinliuyuan duplicated that by Hunan ZICT, Hunan
                        ZICT withdrew its application.

                        Based on the legal opinion furnished by the lawyers appointed by the Company, the aforesaid
                        case will not have any material adverse impact on the financial conditions and operating results
                        of the Group for the current period.

                2.3     As at 31 December 2025, an amount of RMB10,230,093 (31 December 2024:
                        RMB10,403,552,000) was outstanding under the bank guarantee letters issued by the Group.




248
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                               Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                     (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


XIII. POST-BALANCE SHEET DATE EVENTS

    Profit distribution subsequent to the balance sheet date:

    On 6 March 2026, in accordance with the profit distribution proposal recommended by the Board, a cash
    dividend of RMB4.11 (before tax) for every 10 shares or RMB0.411 (before tax) per share was paid to all
    shareholders based on the total share capital as at the record date for profit distribution and dividend
    payment. In the event of changes in the total share capital after the announcement of the profit distribution
    proposal but before its implementation, the total share capital shall be readjusted on the basis of the total
    share capital as at the record date for profit and dividend distribution for the purpose of the profit
    distribution proposal for 2025 and distribution will be made according to the existing proportion for
    distribution based on the adjusted total share capital. The aforesaid matter is subject to consideration and
    approval at the general meeting.

XIV. OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS

    1.   Segment reporting

         (1)   Operating segment

               For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on its products
               and services and has 3 reportable operating segments as follows:

               (a)   Carriers’ network is focused on meeting carriers’ requirements in network evolution with the
                     provision of wireless access, wireline access, bearer systems, core networks, server and
                     storage and other innovative technologies and product solutions;

               (b)   The Consumer Business is focused on bringing experience in smart devices to customers
                     while also catering to the requirements of industry clients through the development,
                     production and sale of products such as home information terminals, smart phones,
                     mobile Internet terminals, innovative fusion terminals, as well as the provision of related
                     software applications and value-added services;

               (c)   The Government and Corporate Business is focused on meeting requirements of government
                     and corporate clients, providing informatisation solutions for the government and
                     corporations through the application of products such as “communications networks, IOT,
                     Big Data and cloud computing”.

               Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose
               of making decisions about resources allocation and performance assessment. Segment
               performance is evaluated based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted
               total profit from continuing operations, which is consistent with the Group’s total profit from
               continuing operations, except for the exclusion of finance costs, research and development
               costs, impairment losses, fair value gains from financial instruments, investment income as well
               as head office expenses.

               Segment assets exclude derivative financial instruments, deferred tax assets, currency cash,
               investment in associates and joints, other receivables, other unallocated head office assets as
               these assets are managed on a group basis.

               Segment liabilities exclude derivative financial instruments, borrowings, other payables, short-
               term bonds payable, tax payable, deferred tax liabilities, and other unallocated head office
               liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.




                                                                                                                        249
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XIV. OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS (continued)

        1.      Segment reporting (continued)

                (1)     Operating segment (continued)

                        2025

                                                                                         Government
                                                                                                 and
                                                              Carriers’    Consumer        corporate
                                                              network       business        business          Total
                          Segment revenue
                          2025
                          Revenue from customer
                            contracts                        62,857,009    33,816,407     37,105,155    133,778,571
                          Rental income                              —             —         116,889        116,889
                          Sub-total                          62,857,009    33,816,407     37,222,044    133,895,460
                          Segment results                    25,387,079     3,586,820      1,216,313     30,190,212
                          Unallocated revenue                                                             3,087,574
                          Unallocated cost                                                              (27,676,286)
                          Finance costs                                                                     226,654
                          Gain from changes in fair values                                                  101,600
                          Investment gains under equity
                            method                                                                         373,113
                          Total profit                                                                    6,302,867
                          Total assets
                          2025
                          Segment assets                     38,202,427    19,528,551     22,622,336     80,353,314
                          Unallocated assets                                                            137,386,061
                          Sub-total                                                                     217,739,375
                          Total liabilities
                          2025
                          Segment liabilities                 8,269,910     3,233,599      4,897,193     16,400,702
                          Unallocated liabilities                                                       125,697,432
                          Sub-total                                                                     142,098,134
                          Supplemental information
                          2025
                          Depreciation and amortisation
                            expenses                          2,233,530     1,201,615      1,322,630      4,757,775
                          Capital expenditure                 2,005,722     1,079,058      1,187,729      4,272,509
                          Asset impairment losses              (294,654)     (158,521)      (174,486)      (627,661)
                          Credit impairment loss                 47,553        25,583         28,160        101,296




250
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                          Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                               RMB’000


XIV. OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS (continued)

    1.   Segment reporting (continued)

         (1)   Operating segment (continued)

               2024

                                                                               Government
                                                                                       and
                                                     Carriers’   Consumer        corporate
                                                     network      business        business                    Total
                Segment revenue
                2024
                Revenue from customer
                  contracts                        70,326,727    32,406,081     18,455,069         121,187,877
                Rental income                              —             —         110,875             110,875
                Sub-total                          70,326,727    32,406,081     18,565,944         121,298,752
                Segment results                    29,956,809     4,650,789      1,303,614           35,911,212
                Unallocated revenue                                                                   3,009,004
                Unallocated cost                                                                    (29,490,737)
                Finance costs                                                                           264,570
                Gain from changes in fair values                                                       (625,131)
                Investment gains under equity
                  method                                                                                 160,687
                Total profit                                                                           9,229,605
                Total assets
                2024
                Segment assets                     43,449,027    19,242,495     11,470,350          74,161,872
                Unallocated assets                                                                 133,161,358
                Sub-total                                                                          207,323,230
                Total liabilities
                2024
                Segment liabilities                 8,691,263     2,861,802      2,294,455          13,847,520
                Unallocated liabilities                                                            120,365,428
                Sub-total                                                                          134,212,948
                Supplemental information
                2024
                Depreciation and amortisation
                  expenses                          2,880,726     1,327,419        760,499             4,968,644
                Capital expenditure                 2,911,535     1,341,615        768,632             5,021,782
                Asset impairment losses              (541,041)     (249,308)      (142,833)             (933,182)
                Credit impairment loss                 53,603        24,700         14,151                92,454




                                                                                                                   251
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XIV. OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS (continued)

        1.      Segment reporting (continued)

                (2)     Geographic Information

                        Total revenue

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                            The PRC                                                                 89,734,053            82,005,674
                            Asia (excluding the PRC)                                                17,803,048            15,390,457
                            Africa                                                                   6,934,592             6,422,478
                            Europe, America and Oceania                                             19,423,767            17,480,143
                                                                                                  133,895,460           121,298,752

                        Total non-current assets

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                            The PRC                                                                 20,977,892            22,304,776
                            Asia (excluding the PRC)                                                 1,364,608             1,388,462
                            Africa                                                                     500,463               572,295
                            Europe, America and Oceania                                              1,134,878             1,002,643
                                                                                                    23,977,841            25,268,176

                        Non-current assets, excluding debt investment, long-term receivables, factored long-term
                        receivables, investment in associates and joints, other non-current financial assets, deferred tax
                        assets, and other non-current assets, are analysed by geographic locations where the assets
                        are located.

                (3)     Information of major customers

                        Operating revenue of RMB27,394,961,000 was derived from carriers’ network and consumer
                        business revenue from one major customer (2024: RMB33,294,519,000 from one major
                        customer).

        2.      #
                    Directors’ and Supervisors’ remuneration

                Directors’ and chief executives’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules,
                section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
                Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, was as follows:

                    Directors’ and Supervisors’ remuneration set out as follows:                           2025                  2024
                    Director’s fee                                                                        1,750                 1,800
                    Salaries, allowances and welfare                                                      4,173                 7,744
                    Performance-related rewards (bonuses)*                                               12,108                28,522
                    Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                 134                   223
                    Total                                                                                18,165                38,289

                *       Directors holding office with the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are determined based on their work
                        performance.




252
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                                                      Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                            (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


XIV. OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS (continued)

    2.   #
             Directors’ and Supervisors’ remuneration (continued)

         During the year, no Director or Supervisor waived or agreed to waive any emolument. No
         emoluments were paid by the Group to the Directors or Supervisors as an inducement to join or
         upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2024: nil).

         None of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company or entities which are connected to the
         Directors and Supervisors was or had been materially interested, either directly or indirectly, in any
         transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance to which the Group is a party subsisting
         during or at the end of 2025.

         Executive Directors, Non-executive Directors, Independent Non-executive Directors, Employee
         Director and Supervisors:

                                                                           Performance-       Retirement
                                                               Salaries,          related         benefit
                                                            allowances           rewards         scheme
                                          Director’s fee   and welfare         (bonuses)    contributions                  Total
             2025
             Executive Directors:
             Xu Ziyang (President)                   —            1,846            5,487                  47               7,380
             Li Zixue (retired)                      —              469               —                   —                  469
             Gu Junying (retired)                    —              436            1,275                  17               1,728
                                                     —            2,751            6,762                  64               9,577
             Non-executive Directors:
             Fang Rong                               —              201            3,027                  —                3,228
             Yan Junwu                              150              —                —                   —                  150
             Zhu Weimin                             200              —                —                   —                  200
             Zhang Hong                             200              —                —                   —                  200
                                                    550             201            3,027                  —                3,778
             Independent Non-executive
                Directors:
             Zhuang Jiansheng                       400              —                —                   —                  400
             Wang Qinggang                          400              —                —                   —                  400
             Tsui Kei Pang                          400              —                —                   —                  400
                                                  1,200              —                —                   —                1,200
             Employee Director:
             Li Miaona                               —              572            1,100                  51               1,723

             Supervisors:
             Xie Daxiong (retired)                   —              426              792                  —                1,218
             Xia Xiaoyue (retired)                   —              223              427                  19                 669
             Jiang Mihua (retired)                   —               —                —                   —                   —
             Hao Bo (retired)                        —               —                —                   —                   —
                                                     —              649            1,219                 19               1,887
                                                  1,750           4,173           12,108                134              18,165

         There were no other emoluments payable to the Independent Non-executive Directors during the year
         (2024: Nil).




                                                                                                                               253
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XIV. OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS (continued)

        2.      #
                    Directors’ and Supervisors’ remuneration (continued)

                Executive Directors, Non-executive Directors, Independent Non-executive Directors and
                Supervisors:

                                                                                               Performance-        Retirement
                                                                                   Salaries,          related          benefit
                                                                                allowances           rewards          scheme
                                                            Director’s fee     and welfare         (bonuses)     contributions             Total
                    2024
                    Executive Directors:
                    Li Zixue                                           —             1,819             6,070               11             7,900
                    Xu Ziyang (President)                              —             1,772             7,982               46             9,800
                    Gu Junying                                         —             1,669             6,690               66             8,425
                                                                       —             5,260            20,742              123            26,125
                    Non-executive Directors:
                    Li Buqing (resigned)                              100                —                —                 —               100
                    Zhu Weimin                                        200                —                —                 —               200
                    Fang Rong                                         200                —                —                 —               200
                    Zhang Hong                                        100                —                —                 —               100
                                                                      600                —                —                 —               600
                    Independent Non-executive Directors:
                    Cai Manli (retired)                               200                —                —                 —               200
                    Zhuang Jiansheng                                  400                —                —                 —               400
                    Gordon Ng (retired)                               200                —                —                 —               200
                    Wang Qinggang                                     200                —                —                 —               200
                    Tsui Kei Pang                                     200                —                —                 —               200
                                                                    1,200                —                —                 —             1,200
                    Supervisors:
                    Xie Daxiong                                        —             1,230             4,853               —              6,083
                    Xia Xiaoyue                                        —               644             1,633               50             2,327
                    Li Miaona                                          —               610             1,294               50             1,954
                    Jiang Mihua                                        —                —                 —                —                 —
                    Hao Bo                                             —                —                 —                —                 —
                                                                       —             2,484             7,780              100            10,364
                                                                    1,800            7,744            28,522              223            38,289

                Note 1:    At the Company’s First Extraordinary General Meeting of 2025 held on 24 April 2025, amendments to the Articles of
                           Association were considered and approved, pursuant to which clauses in the Articles of Association relating to the
                           Supervisory Committee were removed and the Company ceased to operate with a Supervisory Committee. The term of
                           the Ninth Session of the Supervisory Committee concluded on 24 April 2025. The term of office of Ms. Li Miaona as
                           Supervisor of the Company was concluded on 24 April 2025 and her term of office as Employee Director of the
                           Company commenced on 23 May 2025. The respective terms of office of Mr. Li Zixue and Mr. Gu Junying as Executive
                           Director were concluded on 28 March 2025.

                Note 2:    Mr. Li Buqing tendered his resignation as Non-executive Director of the Company on 28 June 2024. The term of office of
                           Ms. Cai Manli and Mr. Gordon Ng as Independent Non-executive Directors was concluded on 28 June 2024.

                The Company did not provide any loans to Directors, Supervisors and their related parties, nor did it
                provide any loans to employees participating in share option schemes and personnel acquiring shares
                in the Company.




254
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                            Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                  (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


XIV. OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS (continued)

    3.   #
             Five highest paid employees of the Group for the year

         The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included 1 Director (2024: 1 Director),
         details of whose remuneration were set out in the above: Details of the remaining four employees
         were set out in as follows:

                                                                                     2025                       2024
             Salaries, allowances and welfare                                      5,480                      5,296
             Performance-related rewards (bonuses)                                24,430                     30,799
             Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                 226                        217
             Total                                                                30,136                     36,312

         The breakdown number of the aforesaid four employees receiving remuneration (before personal
         income tax) within the following scope was as follows:

                                                                                     2025                       2024
             RMB7,000,001–RMB7,500,000                                                  3                           —
             RMB7,500,001–RMB8,000,000                                                  —                           —
             RMB8,000,001–RMB8,500,000                                                  1                           —
             RMB8,500,001–RMB9,000,000                                                  —                           2
             RMB9,000,001–RMB9,500,000                                                  —                           1
             RMB9,500,001–RMB10,000,000                                                 —                           1
             Total                                                                        4                          4

         No emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the five highest paid employees of the Company
         as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2024: Nil).

    4.   #
             Net current assets/(liabilities)

                                                      2025         2024           2025                      2024
                                                     Group        Group        Company                   Company
             Current assets                 143,933,862      141,787,346     141,366,209             135,462,843
             Less: current liabilities       81,981,121       82,635,473      97,538,941              90,418,632
             Net current assets/
              (liabilities)                     61,952,741    59,151,873      43,827,268               45,044,211

    5.   #
             Total assets less current liabilities

                                                      2025         2024           2025                      2024
                                                     Group        Group        Company                   Company
             Total assets                   217,739,375      207,323,230     204,303,188             187,030,066
             Less: current liabilities       81,981,121       82,635,473      97,538,941              90,418,632
             Total assets less current
               liabilities                  135,758,254      124,687,757     106,764,247               96,611,434

    6.   Other material matter

         On 11 December 2025, the Company had noted media reports regarding an investigation into the
         Company’s compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the United States and published
         an“INSIDE INFORMATION ANNOUNCEMENT” in connection with the aforesaid matter on the same
         date. The Company maintains communication with the United States Department of Justice regarding
         the aforesaid matter, and no material progress has been made to date.




                                                                                                                     255
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XV.     MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        1.      Currency cash

                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                  Cash on hand                                                                  769                     821
                  Bank deposit                                                            5,597,157              17,554,839
                  Other currency cash                                                       181,503                 317,009
                  Amounts placed with the Group Finance Company                          14,377,693               9,811,225
                                                                                         20,157,122              27,683,894
                  Including: Total amount of funds deposited overseas                       327,386                325,535

                As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s currency cash deposited overseas and subject to restrictions
                amounted to RMB98,000 (31 December 2024: RMB131,000).

        2.      Trade receivables

                (1)     The aging analysis of trade receivables was set out as follows:

                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                          Not overdue                                                    14,718,394              13,834,404
                          Within 1 year                                                  21,147,307              14,621,494
                          1–2 years                                                       5,345,815               3,657,452
                          2–3 years                                                       1,289,583               1,678,076
                          Over 3 years                                                    7,617,270               7,928,661
                                                                                         50,118,369              41,720,087
                          Less: bad debt provision for trade receivables                  5,814,997               5,869,015
                          Total                                                          44,303,372              35,851,072

                (2)     Analysed by method of bad-debt provision

                        2025

                                                             Book balance            Bad debt provision           Book value
                                                            Amount Percentage         Amount Percentage
                          Standalone provision for
                            impairment                     1,666,626        3.33%    1,666,626      100.00%               —
                          Recognition of provision for
                            impairment by group with
                            credit risk characteristics   48,451,743       96.67%    4,148,371          8.56%     44,303,372
                          Total                           50,118,369       100.00%   5,814,997          11.60%    44,303,372

                        2024

                                                              Book balance           Bad debt provision           Book value
                                                             Amount Percentage        Amount Percentage
                          Standalone provision for
                            impairment                     1,703,304        4.08%    1,703,304      100.00%               —
                          Recognition of provision for
                            impairment by group with
                            credit risk characteristics   40,016,783       95.92%    4,165,711          10.41%    35,851,072
                          Total                           41,720,087       100.00%   5,869,015          14.07%    35,851,072




256
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                    Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


XV.   MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      2.   Trade receivables (continued)

           (2)   Analysed by method of bad-debt provision (continued)

                 As at 31 December 2025, bad debt provisions for trade receivables on a group basis were as
                 follows:

                                                                                 Provision for           Percentage of
                                                            Book balance          impairment                 provision
                  Not overdue                                   14,718,393                77,663                     0.53%
                  Within 1 year                                 21,055,437               100,630                     0.48%
                  1–2 years                                      5,340,886               168,295                     3.15%
                  2–3 years                                      1,287,574               253,540                    19.69%
                  Over 3 years                                   6,049,453             3,548,243                    58.65%
                  Total                                         48,451,743             4,148,371                      8.56%

           (3)   Movements in bad debt provisions for trade receivables were as follows:

                                                           Charge/                           Effect of
                                              Opening    (reversal)   Write-off             exchange               Closing
                                              balance for the year for the year                   rate             balance
                  2025                       5,869,015          40,831       (107,026)           12,177          5,814,997

                 For 2025, RMB810,000 (2024: RMB2,141,000) was reversed for trade receivables which were
                 individually significant and for which bad-debt provision had been made separately. Verified
                 write-off in respect of trade receivables which were individually significant and for which bad-
                 debt provision had been made separately amounted to RMB31,245,000 (2024: RMB0).

           (4)   Top 5 accounts of trade receivables and contract assets as at 31 December 2025 were as
                 follows:

                                                                                                 As a Closing balance
                                                                                       percentage of      of bad-debt
                                                                           Closing      total closing    provision for
                                                                        balance of        balance of             trade
                                           Closing          Closing          trade              trade receivables and
                                        balance of       balance of    receivables       receivables     provision for
                                             trade         contract   and contract      and contract    impairment of
                                       receivables           assets         assets             assets contract assets
                  Customer 1             4,064,431         976,316        5,040,747             9.54%                  54,526
                  Customer 2             2,448,938         353,126        2,802,064             5.30%                  21,269
                  Customer 3             1,508,322         229,544        1,737,866             3.29%                  28,218
                  Customer 4               743,868              —           743,868             1.41%                   8,642
                  Customer 5               656,272             109          656,381             1.24%                 558,059
                  Total                  9,421,831        1,559,095      10,980,926           20.78%                  670,714

                 Transfer of trade receivables that did not qualify for derecognition was separately classified as
                 “Factored trade receivables” and “Bank advances on factored trade receivables”.




                                                                                                                             257
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XV.     MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        3.      Other receivables

                                                                                               2025                2024
                  Dividend receivable                                                      23,753              1,473,237
                  Other receivables                                                    33,687,841             31,710,754
                  Total                                                                33,711,594             33,183,991

                (1)     The aging analysis of other receivables:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                          Within 1 year                                                20,163,897             17,983,566
                          1–2 years                                                     2,950,265              2,108,442
                          2–3 years                                                     1,881,090              1,504,428
                          Over 3 years                                                  8,944,193             10,338,254
                                                                                       33,939,445             31,934,690
                          Less: Bad-debt provision                                        251,604                223,936
                          Total                                                        33,687,841             31,710,754

                (2)     Book balance of other receivables are analysed by nature as follows:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                          Employee advances                                                 4,711                     —
                          Current transactions                                         33,934,734             31,934,690
                          Total                                                        33,939,445             31,934,690

                (3)     Charge of bad debt provision

                        2025

                                                            Book balance            Bad debt provision         Book value
                                                           Amount Percentage         Amount Percentage
                          Charge of bad debt provision
                            by group with credit risk
                            characteristics              33,939,445     100.00%      251,604          0.74%    33,687,841

                        As at 31 December 2025, bad debt provisions for other receivables on a group basis were as
                        follows:

                                                                                     Provision for      Percentage of
                                                                   Book balance       impairment            provision
                          Aging risk portfolio                        33,939,445          251,604                 0.74%

                        Movements in bad debt provisions for other receivables were as follows:

                                                                        Charge/
                                                                      (reversal)   Write-off Exchange
                                                         Opening         for the    for the       rate          Closing
                                                         balance            year       year movement            balance
                          Aging risk portfolio            223,936        29,004      (1,102)          (234)     251,604




258
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                       (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000


XV.   MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      4.   Long-term receivables

                                                                                                          2025                       2024
            Loans granted to subsidiaries (Note 1)                                                  2,874,706                 2,954,807
            Installment payments for the provision of telecommunication
              system construction projects                                                          1,153,253                   764,574
                                                                                                    4,027,959                 3,719,381
            Less: Bad debt provision for long-term receivables                                         31,192                    36,700
            Total                                                                                   3,996,767                 3,682,681

           Note 1:   Loans granted to subsidiaries set out above were interest-free, unsecured and planned for recovery in the foreseeable
                     future. The management are of the view that the advances effectively constituted net investments in overseas business
                     operations.

           Movements in bad debt provision for long-term receivables during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                     Charge/
                                                                              Opening              (reversal)                   Closing
                                                                              balance           for the year                    balance
            2025                                                                36,700                  (5,508)                   31,192
            2024                                                                25,099                  11,601                    36,700

           The discount rate of long-term receivables ranged from 3.10% — 7.05%.

           Transfer of long-term receivables that did not qualify for derecognition was separately classified as
           “Factored long-term trade receivables” and “Bank advances on factored long-term trade receivables”.

      5.   Investment in associates, joints and subsidiaries

                                                                                                          2025                       2024
            Equity method
              Joint Ventures                                                        (1)             1,083,471                   857,509
              Associates                                                            (2)             1,089,671                 1,063,225
            Less: Provision for impairment of investment
                     in associates and joints                                                                —                           —
            Total                                                                                   2,173,142                 1,920,734
            Cost method
              Subsidiaries                                                          (3)           17,569,110                17,010,083
            Less: Provision for impairment of investment
                    in associates, joints and subsidiaries                          (4)               606,116                   613,526
            Sub-total                                                                             16,962,994                16,396,557
            Total                                                                                 19,136,136                18,317,291




                                                                                                                                          259
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XV.     MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        5.      Investment in associates, joints and subsidiaries (continued)

                (1)     Joint Ventures

                                                                                                                                           Movement during the year

                                                                                     Provision for                  Decrease of      Investment                                                                             Provision for
                                                                                    impairment at                investment and     gains/losses         Other                                    Charge of               impairment as
                                                          Shareholding Opening book the beginning    Increase of other outgoing     under equity comprehensive    Other equity                 provision for Closing book at the end of
                                                           percentage       balance        of year    investment        transfer         method        income       movement Cash dividend      impairment        balance       the year

                            Puxing Mobile Telecom
                              Equipment Co., Ltd.              33.85%          1,207            —             —               —              —              —             —              —              —            1,207             —
                            DataService Technology Co.,
                              Ltd.                             49.00%         39,742            —             —               —             883             —             —          (3,438)            —           37,187             —
                            Zhuhai Hongtu Zhanlu
                              Equity Investment
                              Partnership Enterprise
                              (Limited Partnership)            40.00%        724,012            —             —               —         305,119             —             —         (99,135)            —         929,996              —
                            Beijing Shunyi Jianguang
                               Zhanlu Emerging Industry
                               Equity Investment
                               Partnership (Limited
                               Partnership)                    58.75%         92,548            —        23,530               —            (997)            —             —              —              —         115,081              —

                                                                             857,509            —        23,530               —         305,005             —             —        (102,573)            —        1,083,471             —


                (2)     Associates

                                                                                                                                           Movement during the year

                                                                                     Provision for                  Decrease of      Investment                                                                             Provision for
                                                                                    impairment at                investment and     gains/losses         Other                                    Charge of               impairment as
                                                          Shareholding Opening book the beginning    Increase of other outgoing     under equity comprehensive    Other equity                 provision for Closing book at the end of
                                                           percentage       balance        of year    investment        transfer         method        income       movement Cash dividend      impairment        balance       the year

                            WHALE CLOUD
                               TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            27.62%        850,186            —             —               —          56,865           (255)           —              —              —         906,796              —
                            Xingyun Times Technology
                               Co., Ltd.                       23.26%        115,138            —             —               —             684             —             —              —              —         115,822              —
                            Qingdao Hongtu Zhanlu
                               Phase II Private Equity
                               Investment Fund
                               Partnership (Limited
                               Partnership)                    33.33%         59,339            —             —               —            (950)            —             —              —              —           58,389             —
                            * Other investments                               38,562            —             —          (39,760)         9,862             —             —              —              —            8,664             —

                                                                           1,063,225            —             —          (39,760)        66,461           (255)           —              —              —        1,089,671             —


                        *             Zhongxing (Wenzhou) Urban Rail Transportation Communication Technical Co. Ltd. ceased to be accounted for as
                                      an associate for the period owing to the loss of significant influence following the disposal of entire equity interests
                                      in this company.




260
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   Prepared under PRC ASBEs
                                                                                                         (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                        RMB’000


XV.   MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      5.   Investment in associates and joints (continued)

           (3)   Subsidiaries

                                                                           Increase/
                                                                           decrease                Percentage       Percentage         Cash
                                               Investment      Opening    during the      Closing           of        of voting dividend for
                                                     cost      balance          year      balance shareholding           rights     the year
                  Shenzhen ZetaMatrix
                     Co., Ltd.                    263,293      263,293            —       263,293          100%           100%               —
                  Shenzhen ZTE Kangxun
                     Telecom Company
                     Limited                      580,000      580,000            —       580,000          100%           100%               —
                  Sanechips Technology Co.,
                     Ltd.                        2,702,784    2,702,784           —      2,702,784          87%            87%               —
                  Shenzhen Zhongxing
                     Telecom Technology &
                     Service Company
                     Limited                       45,000       45,000            —        45,000          100%           100%               —
                  Xi’an Zhongxing New
                     Software Company
                     Limited                       340,000      340,000           —        340,000         100%           100%              —
                  ZTE (H.K.) Limited             2,226,963    2,226,963           —      2,226,963         100%           100%         820,000
                  ZTE (Heyuan) Company
                     Limited                      500,000      500,000            —       500,000          100%           100%               —
                  ZTE Group Finance Co.,
                     Ltd.                        1,000,000    1,000,000           —      1,000,000         100%           100%               —
                  Zhongxing Photonics
                     Technology Co., Ltd.        1,000,000    1,000,000           —      1,000,000         100%           100%               —
                  ZTE (Nanjing) Co., Ltd.        1,000,000    1,000,000           —      1,000,000         100%           100%               —
                  Nubia Technology Limited       1,124,402    1,124,402           —      1,124,402          78%            78%               —
                  Shenzhen Renxing
                     Technology Co., Ltd.         720,000      720,000            —       720,000          100%           100%               —
                  ZTE Intelligent Technology
                     (Nanjing) Co., Ltd.         1,343,332    1,000,000     343,332      1,343,332         100%           100%               —
                  Zonson Smart Auto
                     Corporation                  790,500      790,500            —       790,500           86%            86%              —
                  ZTE (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.              —       500,000      (500,000)          —              —              —          43,443
                  ** Suzhou Zhonghe
                     Chunsheng No.3
                     Investment Centre
                     (Limited Partnership)              —            —           —              —             —              **         10,800
                  ZXNE CORPORATION                 232,360      232,360          —         232,360         100%           100%              —
                  Other investments              3,700,476    2,984,781     715,695      3,700,476            —              —          61,173
                  Total                         17,569,110   17,010,083     559,027     17,569,110            —               —        935,416

                 **       The subsidiary was a limited partnership enterprise in which the Company had a shareholding of less than 50%.
                          However, the general partner exercising management and control of such limited partnership was a company
                          controlled by the Company, hence the Group was in a position to control such company.

           (4)   Provision for Investment in associates, joints and subsidiaries

                                                                                                      Increase/
                                                                                                      decrease
                                                                             Opening                     during
                                                                             balance                   the year Closing balance
                      Shenzhen Zhongxing Telecom
                        Technology & Service Company
                        Limited                                                 9,656                         —                     9,656
                      ZXNE CORPORATION                                        232,360                         —                   232,360
                      Other investment                                        371,510                     (7,410)                 364,100
                      Total                                                   613,526                     (7,410)                 606,116




                                                                                                                                            261
ZTE CORPORATION




Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2025
Prepared under PRC ASBEs
(English translation for reference only)
RMB’000


XV.     MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        6.      Operating revenue and costs

                                                         2025                             2024
                                                  Revenue               Cost       Revenue             Cost
                  Principal operations         124,238,066       123,249,599    114,981,535      110,900,152
                  Other businesses              16,167,224           449,384     17,302,020          315,366
                  Total                        140,405,290       123,698,983    132,283,555      111,215,518

        7.      Investment income

                                                                                      2025             2024
                  Investment income from investment in associates and
                    joints under equity method                                     371,466          151,210
                  Investment income from investment in associates and
                    joints under cost method                                       935,416         3,394,545
                  Investment income from financial assets at amortised cost
                    and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                    during the period of holding                                      6,435            7,997
                  Investment income from disposal of investment in associates
                    and joints                                                     654,338            16,867
                  Investment loss from disposal of derivative investment           (77,931)         (188,929)
                  Investment income from disposal of financial assets
                    at fair value through current profit or loss                   374,413          110,886
                  Loss on derecognition of financial assets at amortised cost
                    and financial assets at fair value through other
                    comprehensive income                                           (312,677)        (302,455)
                  Total                                                           1,951,460        3,190,121




262
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                               Supplementary Information
                                                                                                                                             2025
                                                                                                          (English translation for reference only)
                                                                                                                                         RMB’000




1.   BREAKDOWN OF EXTRAORDINARY GAINS/LOSSES

                                                                                                                                        2025
      Gain from the disposal of non-current assets                                                                                    5,033
      Investment gain from the disposal of investment in associates and joints                                                       77,964
      Gain/loss from fair-value change in financial assets and financial liabilities, and gain/
        loss from the disposal of financial assets and financial liabilities held by
        non-financial enterprises other than effective value-protection hedge relating to the
        normal operations                                                                                                          524,438
      Gain from change in fair value of investment properties                                                                       (4,468)
      Other income (other than software VAT refund, refund of handling charge for
        withholding personal tax and VAT add-on deductibles)                                                                       515,668
      Reversal of bad-debt provision for individually significant trade receivables for which
        provision was separately made                                                                                               13,144
      Net amount of other non-operating income and expenses other than the above                                                   (58,942)
      Other profit or loss items meeting the criteria for extraordinary profit or loss                                           1,567,919
                                                                                                                                 2,640,756
      Effect of income tax                                                                                                        (396,113)
      Effect of non-controlling interests (net of tax)                                                                               2,691
      Total                                                                                                                      2,247,334

     Note 1:   The Group recognises extraordinary items in accordance with “Explanatory Announcement for Information Disclosure by Issuers
               of Public Securities No. 1 — Extraordinary Items” (Revised 2023) (CSRC Announcement [2023] No. 65). Items which are set out
               as extraordinary gain/(loss) items under “Explanatory Announcement for Information Disclosure by Issuers of Public Securities
               No. 1 -Extraordinary Items” but defined herein as recurring gain/(loss) items were as follows:


                                                                                                 2025      Reason
                Investment gain and gain from fair-value change of ZTE Capital                   3,206     Within the scope of business of
                   Company Limited                                                                          ZTE Capital


2    RETURN RATIO ON NET ASSETS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                            Weighted                     Earnings per share
                                                                       average return
                                                                        on net assets                      Basic                    Diluted
      Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
       of the Company                                                             7.58%                      1.17                        1.16
      Net profit after extraordinary items attributable
       to ordinary shareholders of the Company                                    4.55%                      0.70                        0.70




                                                                                                                                             263
ZTE CORPORATION




Documents Available for Inspection
•     Financial statements duly signed under the hand and seal of the Company’s Legal Representative, Chief
      Financial Officer and Head of Finance Division;

•     Original copy of the auditors’ report affixed with seal of the accountants’ firm and duly signed under the
      hand and seal of the certified public accountants;

•     Original copies of all of the Company’s documents and announcements published during 2025; and

•     The Articles of Association.

                                                                                         By order of the Board
                                                                                              Fang Rong
                                                                                                 Chair

6 March 2026




264
                     stock code : 000063.SZ   00763.HK




Annual Report 2025




                                                         ANNUAL REPORT   2025
