CONTENTS
           2     Corporate Information

           4     Chairman’s Statement

           8     Management Discussion and Analysis

           13    Profile of Directors and Senior Management

           17    Corporate Governance Report

           27    Report of the Directors

           46    Independent Auditor’s Report

           53    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

           54    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive

                 Income

           55    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

           57    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

           59    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

           60    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

           140   Financial Summary
CORPORATE INFORMATION


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                         PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. (Chairman) ø~=                    No. 102, Meidiya Road
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai                                E Qiao Town
  P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (Vice Chairman) ø<                   Sanshan District
Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai (Chief Executive Officer) ^              Wuhu City
Mr. LEE Yau Ching=                                          Anhui Province
                                                            China
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk *ø<=
The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. #+<=             Unit 2118-2120, 21/F
Ms. LYU Fang #ø<=                                           Rykadan Capital Tower
                                                            No. 135 Hoi Bun Road
*   Chairman of audit committee
                                                            Kwun Tong, Kowloon
#
    Members of audit committee
                                                            Hong Kong
+
    Chairman of remuneration committee
ø
    Members of remuneration committee
                                                            LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
~
    Chairman of nomination committee
<
    Members of nomination committee                         CHARLES RUSSELL SPEECHLYS LLP
^
    Chairman of acquisition committee                       Suite 3418, Level 34
=
    Members of acquisition committee                        Two Pacific Place
                                                            88 Queensway
COMPANY SECRETARY                                           Hong Kong

Mr. CHU Charn Fai, CPA
                                                            AUDITOR
REGISTERED OFFICE                                           Ernst & Young
                                                              Certified Public Accountants
Jayla Place
                                                              Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor under the
Wickhams Cay I
                                                              Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
Road Town
                                                            27/F., One Taikoo Place
Tortola, VG1110
                                                            979 King’s Road
British Virgin Islands
                                                            Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

                                                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                            Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                            Hang Seng Bank Limited
                                                            The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
                                                            DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                            China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd
                                                            Huishang Bank Corporation Limited




2      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                          CORPORATE INFORMATION



PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER                  KEY DATES
OFFICE IN BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS
                                                        Closure of register of members for the
Ocorian Corporate Services (BVI) Limited                  purpose of determining the entitlement to attend
Jayla Place, Wickhams Cay I                               and vote at the Annual General Meeting:
PO Box 3190                                               Tuesday, 26 May 2026 to Friday, 29 May 2026
Road Town, Tortola, VG1110                                (both days inclusive)
British Virgin Islands                                  Record date of Annual General Meeting:
                                                          Friday, 29 May 2026
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR                               Date of Annual General Meeting:
                                                          Friday, 29 May 2026
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                        Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
                                                          determining the entitlement to the final dividend:
Hopewell Centre
                                                          Thursday, 4 June 2026 to Monday, 8 June 2026
183 Queen’s Road East
                                                          (both days inclusive)
Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                        Record date of proposed final dividend:
                                                          Monday, 8 June 2026
WEBSITE
                                                        Proposed final dividend payable date:
https://www.xinyienergy.com                               On or about Wednesday, 29 July 2026


SHARE INFORMATION
Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
   Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 03868
Listing date: 28 May 2019
Board lot: 2,000 ordinary shares
Financial year end date: 31 December
Share price as of 31 December 2025: HK$1.10
Market capitalisation as of 31 December 2025:
   Approximately HK$9.37 billion




                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of director (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (the “Company” or “Xinyi
Energy”), I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the
“Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “FY2025”), together with the comparative figures for the year ended 31
December 2024 (the “FY2024”).

BUSINESS REVIEW
Continuous contribution from the renewable energy portfolio

For the FY2025, the electricity generated by the renewable energy projects owned and operated by the Group increased by
10.1% as compared to 2024, which was primarily attributable to the full-year operation of the renewable energy projects
acquired in 2024 (the “2024 Portfolio”) and the newly acquired renewable energy projects in 2025 (the “2025 Portfolio”).
The total revenue generated from the 2024 Portfolio and the 2025 Portfolio amounted to RMB278.84 million, representing
11.4% of the total revenue of the Group. However, the electricity curtailment loss arising from the grid consumption
constraints and the increase in the number and the volume of the Market-Based Electricity Trading (the “Market-Based
Electricity Trading”), partial offset the increase in the revenue in the FY2025. This resulted in a slight increase in the revenue
of the Group of 0.5% only.

With the acquisition of three solar farm projects and one wind farm project, which comprised the 2025 Portfolio, the Directors
expect that the Group’s annual results for 2026 could reflect the full performance of the 2025 Portfolio.

Capacity of renewable energy projects increased in 2025

As the government of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) promulgated the targets of achieving carbon peaking by
2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060, the nation has undertaken a series of systematic planning and deployment measures,
providing a strong impetus for the deep transformation of the energy system through a series of policy measures, including
optimising the energy mix, promoting the green technological innovation, improving the regulatory framework and
deepening the global climate cooperation. In 2025, the PRC’s photovoltaic industry has achieved a globally leading position
in terms of the scale of the production capacity, power generation costs, technological capability and the international market
share. It has not only become a core engine driving the domestic energy decarbonisation and the achievement of the dual
carbon goals, but also made a significant contribution to the global efforts in addressing the climate change. Under the dual
drivers of policy support and technological innovation, the PRC’s photovoltaic industry continues to consolidate its leading
position, with innovation vitality and market competitiveness ranking among the highest globally.

In January 2025, the National Energy Administration of China (the “NEA”) promulgated the Administrative Measures for the
Development and Construction of Distributed Photovoltaic Power Generation (the “Distributed PV Measures”), which clearly
provide that distributed PV projects connected to the grid before 1 May 2025 may enjoy fixed subsidies for a period of 20
years, whereas the newly constructed projects connected to the grid after 1 May 2025 will be fully subject to market-based
mechanism without any government subsidies and investment returns will be determined entirely by the market supply
and demand. In February 2025, the National Development and Reform Commission (the “NDRC”) and the NEA jointly issued
the Notice on Deepening the Market-oriented Reform of Electricity Tariffs for New Energy and Promoting the High-quality
Development of New Energy (the “Reform Notice”), which requires that existing projects connected to the grid before 1 June
2025 to be transitioned under the prevailing policies through a differential settlement mechanism, while the new projects
connected to the grid after 1 June 2025 will be subject to dynamic adjustments based on the fulfilment of the regional new
energy development targets, with the electricity tariffs to be determined by the local governments through the market-based
competitive bidding.




4      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



At the same time, all guaranteed grid-connection projects approved in 2023/2024 are required to achieve full-capacity grid
connection by 1 June 2025. Any project which fails to achieve this requirement has been removed from the relevant lists and
no longer enjoys the guaranteed status. On the other hand, pursuant to the electricity pricing policies of the NDRC, projects
approved or filed for record before the end of 2023 and participating in the transitional tariff mechanism in 2025 are required
to achieve full-capacity grid connection by the end of 2025 in order to continue to enjoy stable returns equivalent to the
benchmark coal-fired power tariff. Projects that fail to connect to the grid are subject to the tariff mechanism in the following
year, with a substantial proportion entering the market-based electricity trading, thereby significantly increasing revenue
uncertainty. Against this backdrop, the PV developers, in order to avoid the loss of guaranteed grid-connection eligibility,
have accelerated the construction progress, resulting in an accelerated increase in the grid connection by the end of 2025.
Together with the “installation push” triggered by the Distributed PV Measures and the Reform Notice, these resulted in the
increase in the total newly installed PV capacity in 2025 to more than 316.57 gigawatts, firmly establishing photovoltaics as
the third principal power source in the PRC, after thermal power and hydropower, and further underscoring its increasingly
consolidated strategic position within the national energy mix.

During the FY2025, the Group acquired from Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as “Xinyi Solar Group”) three utility-scale solar farm projects under grid-parity regime in the PRC with aggregate
approved capacity of 230 megawatts (“MW”). The Group will continue to make the acquisition from Xinyi Solar as and when
appropriate taking into account various factors such as electricity curtailment loss, the dynamics of Market-Based Electricity
Trading, the strategic important of high power consumption regions and the assurance of stable and attractive investment
returns. The Group will also proactively identify and evaluate other renewable energy projects with strong potential for
sustainable profitability.

During the FY2025, the Group disposed of 51% equity interest in a utility-scale solar farm project in the PRC under the grid-
parity regime, with an aggregate approved capacity of 174 MW, to an independent third party. The project is still under the
management of the Group, and the Group will also be entitled to 49% of the profit from operation of the project.

As of 31 December 2025, the aggregate approved capacity of utility-scale renewable energy projects owned and operated
by the Group amounted to 4,804.5 MW, comprising 1,798 MW under the (feed-in tariff) FiT regime and 3,006.5 MW under
the grid-parity regime, while the solar farm projects with an aggregate capacity of 174MW is accounted for using the equity
method. The operating cash flow of the Group has steady improved, primarily due to the growing number of the solar farm
projects under the grid-parity regime.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED      5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



BUSINESS OUTLOOK
The Reform Notice was officially issued in February 2025 which require all new projects launched after 1 May 2025 to be
fully integrated into market-based mechanisms, with feed-in tariffs determined through market-driven methods. This move
signifies the gradual transition of the new energy industry from a policy-driven model to a market-driven model. During the
year, all PRC provinces have successively released detailed rules (consultation paper) for the Reform Notice, with relevant
implementation policies being rolled out in phases. It is anticipated that the benchmark electricity prices and the power
generation hours for the Group’s existing projects will be guaranteed to a certain extent.

In April 2025, the Office of the National Development and Reform Commission and the General Office of the National Energy
Administration jointly issued the Notice on Comprehensively Accelerating the Construction of the Electricity Spot Market (《關
於全面加快電力現貨市場建設工作的通知》) (the “Spot Market Notice”), which aims to expand China’s electricity spot
markets from pilot programs to nationwide coverage, establish a market-based electricity pricing mechanism that allows
fluctuations in prices, and enable electricity prices to be determined through real-time market competition. The Spot Market
Notice requires provinces already in settlement trial operation achieving transition to formal operation as soon as possible,
and explicitly specifies that most provinces or regions nationwide shall initiate spot market trial operations by the end of
2025. Furthermore, the Spot Market Notice stipulates that all medium- and long-term power contracts suitable for spot
trading shall be settled in the spot market. The Spot Market Notice serves as an action plan, moving beyond the local pilot
programs to a nationwide rollout and accelerated development. Its core objective is to establish price signals reflecting real-
time supply-demand dynamics and costs through a spot market where all the electricity generated is subject to tariff bidding
and real-time clearing, which will further drive cost reduction and efficiency gains on the power generation side, promote
rational electricity consumption from users, and ultimately contribute to building a new power system centered on new
energy and achieving the dual carbon goals.

In September 2025, the NDRC and the NEA jointly issued the Notice on Improving Price Mechanisms to Promote Local
Consumption of New Energy Power Generation (《關於完善價格機制促進新能源發電就近消納的通知》) (the “Consumption
Notice”), which addresses the consumption pressure arising from the rapid growth of the new energy in certain regions
and proposes advancing the priority consumption of new energy power within the provincial power grid where the power
enterprises are located and in surrounding areas through improved price mechanisms. The Consumption Notice has served as
a core policy document on the orderly development of new energy. In areas facing consumption problems, the new energy
enterprises may encounter lower feed-in tariffs, in order to incentivize companies to actively participate in local market
transactions or invest in facilities such as energy storage to enhance electricity consumption capacity.

The Reform Notice, Spot Market Notice and Consumption Notice collectively provide the orientation of institutional
development for the PRC’s electricity market. The PRC is accelerating the construction of a new electricity market framework
centered on a unified national electricity market system, with spot electricity markets as its core and market-based pricing
mechanisms as its key, which aims for efficient new energy power consumption, supporting their role as primary power
sources and ultimately achieving the dual carbon goals.

The market mechanism is primarily designed for addressing three core challenges posed by high grid integration of new
energy, namely security, consumption and efficiency. The relevant policies issued aim to maximise new energy consumption
capacity at both national and regional levels by promoting full participation of power companies in market transactions
and refining local consumption pricing mechanisms, in order to effectively alleviate consumption pressures and ensure the
orderly development of new energy.




6      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



With the continuous development of the photovoltaic market, the power trading models are gradually evolving toward
market-based mechanisms. However, certain market-based transaction prices remain lower than the traditional feed-in
tariffs, resulting in a decline in the Group’s electricity revenue. In response to the changing policy environment, the Group is
actively adjusting its operational strategies and promoting integrated short-term and mid-long-term deployments to enhance
its adaptability to market-based transactions. For mid-long-term strategies, the Group has signed mid-long-term power
purchase agreements with end-users or power retailers to stabilise electricity sales prices and revenue ranges, and mitigate
the risks arising from market price fluctuations. For short-term strategies, the Group has established a dedicated market-
based trading team and built an electricity trading platform, which integrates power forecasting with artificial intelligence
models to enhance real-time analysis capabilities regarding electricity price trends and supply-demand changes, thereby
strengthening decision-making efficiency and operational flexibility. By integrating the short-term and the mid-long-term
strategies, the Group will continue to drive the digital and intelligent upgrade of its electricity trading mechanisms, refine risk
control processes, and further enhance its competitive edge in the market.

The Group is in progress for the establishment of an infrastructure securities investment fund with injection of selected solar
farm assets for listing on a stock exchange in the PRC. This initiative will facilitate a partial realisation of the value of the
Group’s portfolio of solar farms, reduce the Group’s exposure to fixed assets and increase the financial flexibility. As of 31
December 2025, the relevant plan is still ongoing.

In recent years, significant interest rate differentials have emerged between the domestic and offshore markets, with the
offshore lending rates reaching at a level that is higher than those for the domestic loans in the PRC. To effectively control the
Group’s financial expense, the Group has increased its domestic long-term bank loans since 2024, so as to reduce its existing
offshore short-term loans. As of 31 December 2025, only 30.1% of the Group’s bank loans were short-term borrowings, as
compared to 34.7% as of 31 December 2024, which has reflected the continuous improvement in the Group’s capital structure
stability and risk management capabilities. This initiative not only effectively alleviates short-term financing pressures but
also helps reduce the actual annual interest rate on bank loans, thereby lowering overall financing costs.

To further diversify the geographical coverage of the Group’s solar farms, the Group successfully secured for a large-scale
solar farm project in the Malaysia with an approved capacity of 100 MW by one of the Group’s joint ventures in 2024, the
construction of which has commenced since the second half of 2025 and the completion of the grid connection is expected
to be around the end of 2026. The joint venture is established with an independent third party. The Group will continue to
expand its business footprint in the Malaysia and actively participate in the bidding for the large-scale solar power projects in
the country.

In addition its project in the Malaysia, the Group is also actively seeking promising new energy investment opportunities
in other overseas markets to further expand its business coverage, enhance asset returns, and generate more stable and
growth-oriented long-term investment returns for Shareholders.




LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 February 2026




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED      7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OVERVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue

For the FY2025, the Group’s revenue was mainly derived from two sources, namely (i) renewable energy electricity
generation and (ii) the provision of the solar farm operation and management services. Revenue from solar power electricity
generation increased, due to contribution from the 2024 Portfolio and the 2025 Portfolio, as compared to 2024.

The table below sets forth an analysis of the Group’s revenue for the FY2025, as compared to the FY2024.

                                                    2025                         2024                         Change
                                                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                                                    (decrease)
                                        RMB’ million             %    RMB’ million           %    RMB’ million            in %


Sales of electricity                         1,528.4           62.3       1,464.2         60.0              64.2           4.4
Tariff adjustment                              915.9           37.3         964.8         39.5             (48.9)         (5.1)

                                             2,444.3           99.6       2,429.0         99.5             15.3            0.6
Operation and management services                9.0            0.4          11.4          0.5             (2.4)         (21.1)

Total                                        2,453.3          100.0       2,440.4        100.0             12.9            0.5


The Group’s revenue contributed by sales of electricity and tariff adjustment net of deduction increased by 4.4% to RMB1,528.4
million and decreased by 5.1% to RMB915.9 million, respectively, as compared to the FY2024. The increase in total revenue
was primarily attributable to the contribution of the 2024 Portfolio and the 2025 Portfolio, which was, however, offset by the
impact of grid consumption constraints and increase in the number and the volume of the Market-Based Electricity Trading
during the year.




8        ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



During the FY2025, the Group’s revenue from renewable electricity generation was contributed by the following renewable
energy projects:

                                                                                                                                  Approved
                                                                                                                                   capacity
Name of the renewable energy projects                       Location in the PRC                                                       (MW)


Initial solar farm projects owned and                       Nine solar farm projects located in Anhui Province,                          954
   operated by the Group (Note)                               Fujian Province, Hubei Province and
                                                              Tianjin Municipality

Solar farm projects newly added in 2019                     Six solar farm projects located in Anhui Province,                           540
  (“2019 Portfolio”)                                           Hubei Province and Henan Province

Solar farm projects newly added in 2020                     Five solar farm projects located in Anhui Province,                          340
  (“2020 Portfolio”)                                           Hubei Province and Guangdong Province

Solar farm projects newly added in 2021                     Eight solar farm projects located in Anhui Province,                         660
  (“2021 Portfolio”)                                          Hubei Province, Hebei Province and
                                                              Guangdong Province

Solar farm projects newly added in 2022                     Seven solar farm projects located in Hubei Province,                         520
  (“2022 Portfolio”)                                          Hebei Province,Shaanxi Province and Inner
                                                              Mongolia Autonomous Region

Solar farm projects newly added in 2023                     Four solar farm projects located in Hainan Province,                       636.5
  (“2023 Portfolio”)                                          Guangdong Province and Anhui Province

Solar farm projects newly added in 2024                     Seven solar farm projects located in Guangdong                               860
  (“2024 Portfolio”)                                          Province, Yunnan Province and Anhui Province

Solar farm and wind farm projects
  newly added in 2025 (“2025 Portfolio”)
  Sanshan Gaoan Solar Farm                                  Anhui Province                                                                30
  Kaiping Jinji Solar Farm                                  Yunnan Province                                                              100
  Yunfu Solar Farm                                          Yunnan Province                                                              100
  Jinzhai Wind Farm                                         Anhui Province                                                                64

                                                                                                                                         294

                                                                                                                                    4,804.5


Note:

During the FY2025, the Group disposed of a 51% equity interest in Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) Limited (“Xinyi Solar (Tianjin)”), the sole owner and
operator of Tianjin Huanggang Zone Solar, a solar farm located in Tianjin Municipality with an approved capacity of 174 MW. Upon completion
of the disposal, Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) ceased to be a subsidiary of the Group, while the Group retains its entitlement to share the results from
the 49% equity interest in Xinyi Solar (Tianjin).




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED            9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The Group recorded revenue of RMB9.0 million from the provision of solar farm operation and management services for the
FY2025, representing 0.4% of the total revenue. Pursuant to the Solar Farm Operation and Management Agreement, Xinyi
Solar has agreed to engage the Group to operate and manage its connection-ready solar farm projects. All of the revenue in
2025 generated from the services provided to Xinyi Solar was on commercial terms, taking into consideration factors such as
service quality, work efficiency and price, as compared with the services provided to independent third parties. The decrease
in revenue from provision of solar farm operation and management services was primarily attributable to the reduced
number of the connection-ready solar farm projects when compared to 2024.

Cost of sales

For the FY2025, the Group has continued to achieve an effective and efficient operation with lower costs through
enhancement on the sophisticated management for individual solar farms and a nationwide centralised surveillance system.

In 2025, the Group’s cost of sales increased by 11.5% to RMB937.2 million from RMB840.7 million in 2024. The increase was
mainly due to the increase in (i) employee benefit expenses; (ii) electricity costs; (iii) the depreciation charge of property,
plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of the 2024 Portfolio and the 2025 Portfolio; and (iv) the repair and maintenance
expenses.

Gross profit

The Group’s gross profit decreased by 5.2% to RMB1,516.0 million during the FY2025 from RMB1,599.7 million for the FY2024.
The decrease was mainly due to the increase in the amount of the cost of sales which outweighed the increase in the revenue
as compared to 2024.

The gross profit margin of the Group in 2025 slightly decreased by 3.8 percentage points to 61.8% from 65.6% in 2024. The
decrease was mainly due to the increase in the cost of sales, which exceeded the increase in revenue. The cost of sales mainly
comprised the depreciation charges of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. As such, it remained fixed and
did not adjust downward in response to the revenue decline caused by electricity curtailment losses.

Other income

The amount of other income for the FY2025 was RMB39.5 million, as compared to RMB22.9 million for the FY2024. The
increase was primarily due to the increase in (i) the receipt of government grants; (ii) the receipt of insurance compensation;
and (iii) the miscellaneous incomes.

Other gains/(losses), net

The Group recorded other gains, net of RMB93.3 million for the FY2025, as compared with other losses, net of RMB37.7
million for the FY2024. The significant increase was mainly due to (i) the gain of disposal of a subsidiary and (ii) the foreign
exchange gains in 2025 compared to foreign exchange losses gains in 2024, partially offset by the increase in impairment
loss of goodwill.

Administrative expenses

For the FY2025, the Group’s administrative expenses increased by RMB12.7 million from RMB48.5 million for the FY2024 to
RMB61.2 million for the FY2025. The increase was mainly due to (i) the increase in miscellaneous expenses; (ii) the increase
in insurance expenses; and (iii) the increase in employee benefit expenses.




10     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Finance costs

For the FY2025, the finance costs of the Group amounted to RMB277.5 million, as compared to RMB364.8 million for the
FY2024. The interest expense on bank borrowings decreased from RMB319.5 million for the FY2024 to RMB225.2 million for
the FY2025. The decrease was primarily due to the declined in the bank borrowing’s effective interest rate during the year.
The interest component on lease liabilities slightly increased to RMB52.3 million from RMB45.3 million for the FY2024, due to
the completion of acquisitions of the 2024 Portfolio and the 2025 Portfolio.

Income tax expense

The Group incurred income tax expense of RMB301.9 million during the FY2025, as compared to RMB376.2 million for the
FY2024. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the amount of the PRC withholding tax on the dividends remitted
from the PRC during the year, partially offset by (i) 26 (2024: 17) solar farm projects commencing full payment of the PRC
corporate income tax at the statutory rate of 25% and (ii) the impact of the increase in profit before income tax of the solar
farm projects which subjected to the payment of the PRC corporate income tax.

EBITDA and net profit

For the FY2025, the EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation) was RMB2,368.8 million,
representing an increase of 6.1% as compared to RMB2,232.0 million in 2024. The EBITDA margin slightly increased by 5.1
percentage point from 91.5% for the FY2024 to 96.6% during the FY2025.

Net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company during the FY2025 was RMB1,010.7 million, representing an
increase of 27.8% as compared to RMB790.9 million for the FY2024. The increase in the net profit margin from 32.4% for the
FY2024 to 41.2% during the FY2025 was primarily due to (i) the gain of disposal of a subsidiary; (ii) the decrease in finance
costs; and (iii) the decrease in the income tax expenses partially offset by the decrease in gross profit margin.

Liquidity and Financial Resources

As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s total assets increased by 3.5% to RMB22,416.2 million and net assets increased by 5.9%
to RMB13,238.3 million. Current ratio of the Group as of 31 December 2025 was 1.9, as compared to 1.6 as of 31 December
2024, mainly due to (i) the increase in cash and cash equivalents and (ii) the decrease in the current portion of bank
borrowings, partially offset by the decrease in trade and other receivables.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio (bank borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents divided by total equity) as of 31
December 2025 was 47.9% (31 December 2024: 55.8%). The decrease was mainly due to the increase in cash and cash
equivalent arising from the receipt of tariff adjustment subsidies.

As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s financial position remained healthy, with the cash and cash equivalents balance at
RMB950.6 million. During the FY2025, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB1,651.0 million (2024: RMB956.2
million), which was primarily attributable to (i) the profit before income tax of RMB1,311.5 million (2024: RMB1,167.7
million); (ii) decrease in trade and other receivables; (iii) decrease in interest paid; and (iv) decrease in income tax paid. Net
cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB655.4 million (2024: RMB2,296.0 million), which was primarily attributable
to payment for capital expenditure for the 2024 Portfolio and the 2025 Portfolio and the settlement of outstanding capital
expenditure for renewable energy projects which had previously completed construction during the year. Net cash used in
financing activities amounted to RMB398.4 million (2024: net cash generated of RMB1,104.9 million) which was primarily
attributable to the repayments of bank borrowings of RMB2,713.2 million and dividends paid in cash to the Shareholders
during the year, partially offset by the new bank borrowing of RMB2,680.0 million during the year.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND COMMITMENTS
In 2025, the Group incurred capital expenditures of RMB984.0 million, mainly used for (i) the acquisition and further
refinement of the renewable energy projects and (ii) the settlement of outstanding capital expenditures of the existing
renewable energy projects. As of 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any capital commitments (2024: Nil).

PLEDGE OF ASSETS
The Group did not have any pledged asset as security for bank borrowings as of 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As of 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
During the FY2025, the Group completed the acquisition of three solar farm projects from Xinyi Solar and a wind farm project
from Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Glass”) (stock code: 00868) and Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited (“Xinyi
Electric Storage”) (stock code: 08328). Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 28 April 2023, 28 February
2024, 23 December 2025 and 16 January 2026 for further details.

During the FY2025, the Group completed the disposal 51% equity interest of a solar farm project to an independent third
party. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 20 November 2025 and 17 December 2025 for further
details.

Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries for the FY2025.

TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATION IN EXCHANGE RATES
The Group’s renewable energy projects are in the PRC with most of the transactions denominated and settled in RMB. The
Group is exposed to foreign exchange risks on certain cash and cash equivalents and bank borrowings denominated in
foreign currencies, the majority of which are denominated in HK$. As part of the treasury policies, the Group would strike a
deliberate balance between the risk of currency mismatch and the interest rate differentials in HK$ and RMB borrowings. The
Group commenced the drawdown from onshore bank borrowings since the first half of 2023. As of 31 December 2025, the
majority of the bank borrowings were denominated in RMB.

During the FY2025, the Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity problems resulting from the currency
exchange rate fluctuation. However, the Group may use financial instruments for hedging purposes as and when required.
For the FY2025, the Group did not use any financial instrument for hedging purpose.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
The Group highly values its employees, sharing mutual benefits and growth with them. The Group constantly explores each
employee’s potential and ability. Likewise, the Group will continue to hire new employees as and when appropriate to
support its business development.

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had 457 full-time employees in total in Hong Kong and the PRC. Total staff costs, including
Directors’ emoluments was RMB68.8 million for the FY2025. Its employees are remunerated based on their qualifications, job
nature, performance and working experiences plus reference to the prevailing market rate. Apart from basic remuneration
and discretionary bonus, the Group also provides mandatory provident fund scheme to employees in Hong Kong and statutory
social welfare contribution to employees in the PRC, adhering to the local laws and regulations.


12     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                       PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


CHAIRMAN AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. (李聖潑), aged 48, is an executive Director, the Chairman of the Board, the chairman of the
Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee and the Acquisition Committee. Prior to joining the
Group, Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. had been engaged in information technology and investment businesses since 2021. Mr.
LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. graduated from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 2000 with a bachelor’s degree
in business administration majoring in finance and economics. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. also completed the Executive MBA
programme held by Peking University in 2016. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. also is Honorary Fellow of The Hong Kong University of
Science and Technology. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is an executive director and the Vice Chairman of the Board of Xinyi Solar (stock
code: 00968), a company listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).
He was also appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of Xinyi Solar since 1 April 2024. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is currently a
member of the 13th Guangdong Provincial Standing Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (廣
東省政協第十三屆委員會常委) and the Hong Kong Deputy to the 14th National People’s Congress. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is
a cousin of Mr. LEE Yau Ching, the executive Director, and Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai, the executive Director and the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and a nephew of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , the executive Director and the Vice Chairman of
the Board.

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (董清世), aged 60, is an executive Director and the Vice Chairman of the
Board and a member of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. has
been responsible for the formulation and implementation of the business strategies of the Group since the commencement
of construction of the first utility-scale ground-mounted solar farm project at the beginning of 2014. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai J.P. joined the Group in December 2013. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. has over 15 years of experience in the power
industry and more than 37 years of experience in glass manufacturing industry. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is currently
an executive director and Chief Executive Officer of Xinyi Glass (stock code: 00868) and a non-executive director and vice
chairman of the board of Xinyi Solar (stock code: 00968), both of which are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange,
and a non-executive director and chairman of the board of Xinyi Electric Storage (stock code: 08328), a company listed on the
GEM of the Stock Exchange.

Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is a member of The National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference (中國人民政治協商會議全國委員會委員), standing committee member of The Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
Region of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (中國人民政治協商會議廣西壯族自治區委員會常委), the
Vice Chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), a member of the
Executive Committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯執行委員會委員), chairman of the
Happy Hong Kong Foundation, and the president of Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai J.P. obtained the Third Shenzhen Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneurs Award in 2001 and was awarded the
Young Industrialist Awards of Hong Kong in 2006. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. obtained from the Sun Yat-Sen University a
Senior Executive Master’s Degree in Business Administration in 2007.

Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is an uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S, an executive Director and the Chairman of the Board
and Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai, an executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    13
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai (董貺漄), aged 38, is an executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and the chairman of the
Acquisition Committee. Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai is principally responsible for overseeing the daily business operations of the
Group and evaluating potential solar farm acquisition and investment opportunities. Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai joined the Group
in March 2016. Since then, Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai has been overseeing the Solar Farm Operation Business. Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai
joined Xinyi Glass in September 2012 as an executive assistant and was mainly responsible for project-related supervision
and coordination. During the period between November 2012 and March 2016, Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai was the Chief Operating
Officer of Xinyi Electronic Glass (Wuhu) Company Limited, a subsidiary of Xinyi Glass.

Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai graduated from the University of Melbourne with a bachelor’s degree in Commerce in 2010 and obtained
a master’s degree in business administration from Tsinghua University in 2012. Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai is currently a committee
member of the 13th Anhui Provincial of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (安徽省政協第十三屆委員會委
員).

Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai is a nephew of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , an executive Director and the Vice Chairman of the Board
and a cousin of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., an executive Director and the Chairman of the Board.

Mr. LEE Yau Ching (李友情), aged 50, is an executive Director and a member of the Acquisition Committee. Mr. LEE Yau Ching
is mainly responsible for formulating the overall business strategies of the Group and planning and identifying suitable
acquisition opportunities of solar farm projects. Mr. LEE Yau Ching joined the Group in December 2013 and has over 11 years
of experience in the power industry. Mr. LEE Yau Ching is currently an executive director of Xinyi Solar (stock code: 00968),
a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Xinyi Solar from November
2010 to March 2024.

Upon graduating from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 1999 with a bachelor’s degree in business
administration majoring in finance, Mr. LEE Yau Ching joined Xinyi Glass in June 1999. From June 1999 to February 2004,
Mr. LEE Yau Ching worked in various departments of Xinyi Glass, including overseas sales, finance, production and sales of
construction glass and production and sales of automobile glass. From February 2004 to January 2006, Mr. LEE Yau Ching was
the Chief Marketing Officer of Xinyi Glass and was responsible for planning the overall marketing strategy and overseeing the
marketing department. From February 2006 to February 2011, Mr. LEE Yau Ching was the Chief Operation Officer of Xinyi Glass.
Mr. LEE Yau Ching has started the management of the Solar Glass Business from the middle of 2006. From November 2010 to
March 2024, he has been the Chief Executive Officer of Xinyi Solar and is mainly responsible for overseeing the business and
daily operation of the Xinyi Solar Group. Mr. LEE Yau Ching was awarded the “Young Industrialist Awards of Hong Kong 2014”.

Mr. LEE Yau Ching is a cousin of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., an executive Director and the Chairman of the Board.




14     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                             PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk (梁廷育), aged 51, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director since November 2018. Mr.
LEUNG is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and the member of each of the Remuneration Committee, Nomination
Committee and Acquisition Committee. Mr. LEUNG obtained a bachelor’s degree of Commerce with major in accounting from
University of Wollongong, Australia. Mr. LEUNG is a member of the Certified Practicing Accountants, Australia and the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LEUNG has over 20 years of experience in financial management, accounting
and auditing.

Mr. LEUNG is an independent non-executive director of Yanchang Petroleum International Limited (stock code: 00346), Most
Kwai Chung Limited (stock code: 01716), Tai United Holdings Limited (stock code: 00718) and Shangshan Gold International
Holdings Limited (stock code: 01939), all of them are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange.

The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P., (葉國謙), aged 74, is an independent non-executive Director since November
2018. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the member of each of the Audit Committee, Nomination
Committee and Acquisition Committee. The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. is currently the Chairman of Hon Wah
Educational Organization, the Deputy Chairman of The Private Columbaria Licensing Board and the Party Affairs Advisor to the
Democratic Alliance for Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong. The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. was awarded the J.P.
in 1999, the Grand Bauhinia Medal in 2017 and the Gold Bauhinia Star in 2004.

The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. was a deputy to the National People’s Congress of the Hong Kong SAR from 2003 to
2023. Since 1999, The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. has successively served as a member of the Central and Western
District Council, a member of the Provisional Legislative Council, a member of the Legislative Council, and a non-official
member of the Executive Council of the government of the HKSAR.

The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. is an independent non-executive director of ICO Group Limited (stock code: 01460),
a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange and Well Link Securities Holdings Limited (stock code: 08350), a
company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange.

Ms. LYU Fang (呂芳), aged 47, is an independent non-executive Director since November 2018. She is also the member of
each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Acquisition Committee. Ms. LYU Fang has
been the senior engineer of Renewable Energy System Department at the Electrical Engineering Institute, Chinese Academy
of Sciences, mainly responsible for advising national solar power rules and policies, and carrying out technical training in
solar industry. Ms. LYU Fang has 27 years of experience in strategy and policy study on large-scale use of photovoltaic power.
Over the years, Ms. LYU Fang has been responsible for numerous solar energy-related researches and projects conducted by
the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People’s Republic of China and the National Energy Administration of China.
Ms. LYU Fang was the Secretary General of Solar Photovoltaic Committee of China Renewable Energy Society. Ms. LYU Fang
is the Secretary General of China Green Supply Chain Alliance (中國綠色供應鏈聯盟) Photovoltaic Commission (光伏專案會)
of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國工業和信息化部),
a committee of Expert Committee of All-China Environment Federation and a member of Professional Committee of Carbon
Inclusive of All-China Environment Federation. Ms. LYU Fang is also acting as the Chinese Representative of a photovoltaic
power research project, Task 1, international vice chairlady at the International Energy Agency Photovoltaic Power Systems
Program. Ms. LYU Fang is currently a committee member of the 5th Xiuzhou District, Jiaxing City of the Chinese People’s
Political Consultative Conference. Ms. LYU Fang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Beijing Wuzi University in
1999.

Ms. LYU Fang is an independent non-executive director of GoodWe Technologies Co.,Ltd. (固德威技術股份有限公司) (stock
code: 688390.SS) and Arctech Solar Holding Co., Ltd. (江蘇中信博新能源科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 688408.SS), both of
which are listed on the Sci-Tech Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Ms. LYU Fang also is an independent non-
executive director of Jiangsu Zerun New Material Co., Ltd (江蘇澤潤新能科技股份有限公司).

                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   15
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. XIA Xin (夏鑫), aged 42, is the operation controller of the Group. Mr. XIA Xin joined the Group as an operation controller
in January 2017 and has been responsible for the overall operation and maintenance management of the solar farm projects
of the Group. From March 2015 to December 2016, Mr. XIA Xin worked in Xinyi Solar Group and was mainly responsible for
construction quality control as well as managing the operation and maintenance of solar farm projects. Mr. XIA Xin has over 15
years of experience in the photovoltaic industry, and has engaged in the design and development of photovoltaic products
and credential management, technical support, testing of photovoltaic system parts and systems, design of photovoltaic
systems and standard formulations in Jiangxi LDK Solar High-Tech Company Limited., CQC-Trusted Testing Technology
Company Limited and Energy Trend New Energy System Research Institute (中盛新能源系統研究院). Mr. XIA Xin graduated
from Nanjing Institute of Technology (南京工程學院) with a bachelor’s degree of Engineering; Nanchang University(南昌
大學) with a master’s degree in electrical engineering and Nanjing University(南京大學) with a master’s degree in business
administration.

Mr. LI Jiang Yong (李江勇), aged 46, is the acquisitions controller of the Group. Mr. LI Jiang Yong joined the Group as an
acquisitions controller in January 2017 and has been responsible for the overall acquisitions of solar plants from third
parties. From April 2016 to December 2016, Mr. LI Jiang Yong worked in Xinyi Solar Group and was mainly responsible for the
construction quality control of solar plants. Mr. LI Jiang Yong has over 17 years of experience in the photovoltaic industry, and
has engaged in the research and development of photovoltaic products, testing of photovoltaic system parts and systems,
design of photovoltaic systems and standard formulations in China Sunergy (Nanjing) Company Limited. and CQC-Trusted
(Jiangsu) Testing Technology Company Limited. Mr. LI Jiang Yong graduated from Tianjin University of Technology with a
master’s degree in condensed matter physics in 2008.

Mr. CHAN Ka Lun (陳嘉倫), aged 43, joined the Group as financial controller in July 2024 and has been mainly responsible for
monitoring the financial operation of the Group. He is also the assistant company secretary of the Company. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. CHAN Ka Lun worked for Xinyi Solar from September 2023 to June 2024 and was responsible for monitoring
the financial operation of Xinyi Solar. Prior to joining Xinyi Solar, Mr. CHAN Ka Lun worked in an international accounting firm
for more than 10 years. Mr. CHAN Ka Lun has extensive experience in auditing and accounting. Mr. CHAN Ka Lun is a fellow
member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. CHAN Ka Lun obtained a master’s degree in professional
accounting from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2021.

COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. CHU Charn Fai (朱燦輝), aged 56, is the Company Secretary of the Company. Mr. CHU Charn Fai is currently the executive
director, financial controller and company secretary of Xinyi Solar (stock code: 00968), a company listed on the main board
of the Stock Exchange. Mr. CHU Charn Fai joined Xinyi Solar in April 2011. Prior to joining Xinyi Solar, Mr. CHU Charn Fai was
the financial controller of Minmetals Resources Limited (currently known as MMG Limited) (stock code: 01208), a company
listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange, from August 2002 to August 2010. Mr. CHU Charn Fai started working with
Minmetals Resources Limited in February 1998 and held various positions in the finance department during the period up
to July 2002 and before which, Mr. CHU Charn Fai worked in an international accounting firm for around four years. Mr. CHU
Charn Fai received a master’s degree in corporate finance from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2006. Mr. CHU Charn
Fai is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants.




16     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance
purpose, the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Part 2 of the Appendix C1 to
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the
year of 2025.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code for
the FY2025.

The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. Its key responsibilities include providing
leadership and supervision to the Management with a view to protecting the Shareholders’ interests and enhancing
Shareholders’ long-term value.

The Board has established the Group’s purpose, values and strategies and was satisfied that they are aligned with the Group’s
culture. All Directors must act with integrity, lead by example, and promote the desired culture. The Board should instill and
continually reinforce across the Company’s values of “acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly”.

During the FY2025, the Board closely monitored the implementation of corporate governance practice, risk management and
internal control systems to ensure the corporate value and the Company’s culture are aligned.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group and
formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors and three
independent non-executive Directors. Details of the Directors are set forth on pages 13 to15 in this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai and Mr. LEE Yau
Ching. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. and Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai are nephew of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. . Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.
is a cousin of Mr. LEE Yau Ching and Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai.

The three independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk, The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. and Ms. LYU
Fang.

The biographical information of the Directors is set forth in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management”
in this annual report. Save as disclosed above, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/
relevant relationship(s)) among the members of the Board.

The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors
represent at least one-third of the Board.

The articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company provide that at each annual general meeting, one-third of the
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation and that every Director shall subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years. Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to
the Board for consideration and approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities
to fill the casual vacancy.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai is the Chief Executive Officer of the Group. The
Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. He is also responsible for ensuring that the
Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief Executive Officer is
responsible for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other members of the Board
and other senior management, the Chief Executive Officer closely monitors the operating and financial results of the Group,
identifies any weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy such weakness. He is also
responsible for formulating the future business plans and strategies of the Group for the Board’s approval.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a specific
term of not more than three years. All of the independent non-executive Directors have satisfied the independence criteria
and have made their confirmations of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view
that all independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set forth under Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules.

The table below sets forth the number of meetings of the Board and the general meetings in 2025 and individual attendance
of each Director at these meetings:

                                                                                       Number of meetings attended/
                                                                                            eligible to attend
                                                                                    General meeting         Board meeting


Executive Directors
  LEE Shing Put                                                                                   1/1                    4/4
  TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                  1/1                    3/4
  TUNG Fong Ngai                                                                                  1/1                    4/4
  LEE Yau Ching                                                                                   1/1                    4/4

Independent non-executive Directors
  LEUNG Ting Yuk                                                                                  1/1                    4/4
  IP Kwok Him                                                                                     1/1                    4/4
  LYU Fang                                                                                        1/1                    4/4


The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in relation to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on the business operation of
the Group.




18     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



MECHANISM REGARDING INDEPENDENT VIEWS TO THE BOARD
The Board has implemented different ways to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board (the
“Mechanism”). The purpose of the Mechanism is to improve Board effectiveness, maximise strengths, and identify the areas
that need improvement or further development. The Mechanism also clarifies what actions of the Company need to be taken
to maintain and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual training and development needs of each
Director.

Pursuant to the Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its independence. The results will be presented to the
Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate. The Board will also
conduct annual review to the Mechanism and the results will be presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the
results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During the FY2025, the Board reviewed its independence and the results were satisfactory.

During the FY2025, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the results were
satisfactory.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set
forth in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Directors are
reminded of their obligations under the Model Code on a regular basis. Having made specific enquiries with the Directors, all
Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standard of dealings as set forth in the Model Code during the
FY2025.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai J.P. , Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk, The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. and Ms. LYU Fang. The chairman of the Remuneration
Committee is The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P..

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration of and making
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of the Directors and senior management and reviewing and approving
matters related to share schemes. The Remuneration Committee was established on 22 November 2018 and its terms of
reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

During the FY2025, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held for reviewing the directors’ fee and remuneration
of directors for the following year and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management (other than the
Directors of the Company) by band for the FY2025 is set forth below:

                                                                                                                     Number of
In the band of:                                                                                                     individuals


Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                             3


Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set forth in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee of the Board comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk, The Hon.
IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. and Ms. LYU Fang. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of internal control
and risk management systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. The Audit Committee was established on
22 November 2018 and its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The
Audit Committee held three meetings during the FY2025 for reviewing the annual and interim financial results and reports,
the financial reporting and compliance procedures, internal control and risk management systems, scope of work and
appointment of external auditors. All the committee members attended these meetings.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Nomination Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai J.P. , Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk, The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. and Ms. LYU Fang. The chairman of the Nomination
Committee is Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S..

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board on a regular
basis, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company, and make recommendations to the
Board regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors. The Nomination Committee was established on
22 November 2018 and its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. During
the FY2025, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held for annual review of board structure and diversity and,
independence of independent non-executive Directors and all the committee members attended this meeting.

NOMINATION POLICY
When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment
of any existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without
limitation the following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–    Reputation for integrity;

–    Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–    Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

–    Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an
     independent non-executive director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive
     director; and

–    Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms
available for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s
website.



20     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



BOARD DIVERSITY
The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business and has adopted a board diversity policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective
criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Company adopted
the board diversity policy (the “Diversity Policy”) as required by the CG Code in November 2018. The Nomination Committee
will discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them
to the Board for adoption, as set forth in the Diversity Policy of the Company.

For the purpose of implementation of the Diversity Policy, the following measurable objectives were adopted:

—     At least one member of the Board shall be female.

—     At least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors.

The members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and
professional expertise. The table below sets forth an analysis of the Board’s current composition based on the measurable
objectives:

Measurable objective                               Category                                              Number of Director


Gender                                             Male                                                                    6
                                                   Female                                                                  1

Age                                                20-40                                                                   1
                                                   41-60                                                                   5
                                                   Over 60                                                                 1

Professional expertise                             Information technology                                                  1
                                                   Power industry                                                          4
                                                   Finance                                                                 1
                                                   Public administration                                                   1


Based on the foregoing, the composition and diversity of the Board enable the management to benefit from a diverse and
objective external perspective, on issues raised before the Board.

Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are set
forth on pages 13 to 15 in this annual report.

The Board currently has one female Director and has achieved gender diversity in respect of the Board. The Company targets
to maintain at least the current level of female representation on the Board and strive to ensure the Board is made up of a
reasonable and appropriate proportion of female members by reference to stakeholders’ expectations and international and
local recommended best practices and the pool of qualified candidates.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets forth the gender ratio in the
workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                      Male            Female


Board                                                                                                85.7%              14.3%
Senior Management                                                                                   100.0%                  —
Other employees                                                                                      92.6%               7.4%
Overall workforce                                                                                    92.5%               7.5%


The Nomination Committee was of the opinion that the Board consisted of members with diversified gender, age, cultural
and education background, professional/business experience, skills and knowledge. No new Director had been appointed
during the year. Further details for the diversity, including the gender diversity, in the workforce during the FY2025 are set
forth in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report dated 30 April 2026 of the Company.

ACQUISITION COMMITTEE
The Acquisition Committee of the Board comprises six members, namely Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai, Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., Mr. LEE
Yau Ching, Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk, The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P. and Ms. LYU Fang. The chairman of the Acquisition
Committee is Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai.

The primary duties of the Acquisition Committee are to consider and approve acquisitions of the utility-scale ground-mounted
solar farm projects and review, evaluate investment projects and issue opinion for long-term development plan of the
Company and make recommendations to the Board. The Acquisition Committee was established on 22 November 2018 and
its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. During the FY2025, one meeting of
the Acquisition Committee was held for discussing and approving of the acquisition of eight solar farms from Xinyi Solar and
all the committee members attend this meeting.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge that it is their responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the
Group with a view to ensure that such financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and
(ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and
reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group. The Directors were not
aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the
Group is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 46 to 52 in this annual report.




22     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the professional fees paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect
of audit services and non-audit services provided by the auditors to the Group were as follows:

Auditor remuneration                                                                                                RMB’000


– Audit services                                                                                                           1,150
– Non-audit services                                                                                                           —


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal
control so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate
objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws
and regulations. The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement
or loss, and to manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

–    Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
     responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

–    Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
     operations;

–    Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

–    Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and
     financial reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

–    Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the FY2025.

A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group every year. The review covers all material controls including financial,
operational and compliance controls. Review results and recommendations in the form of written reports are submitted to
the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the internal audit team to ensure that
findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the FY2025 and the assessment of the Audit Committee thereon, no
significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is satisfied that
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the FY2025.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED      23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY
The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all
relevant employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information
of the Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and
regulation.

DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
The Company provides to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business
operations, internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations
of directors under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, all the Directors are provided
with regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable
the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house
training and training provided by independent service providers. Directors are continually updated on the statutory and
regulatory regime and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities. Continuing briefing and
professional development for Directors will be arranged where necessary.

All Directors have participated in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills and
confirmed that they have complied with the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary is Mr. CHU Charn Fai, a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a
member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. CHU Charn Fai is the financial controller, company
secretary and executive director of Xinyi Solar. He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board
and that the policy and procedures of the Board are followed. For the FY2025, Mr. CHU Charn Fai has duly complied with the
relevant professional training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
(i)   Procedures for Shareholders to convene a general meeting and putting forward proposals

      Pursuant to Article 58 of the Articles, an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) shall also be convened and resolutions
      to a meeting agenda shall be added on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit
      of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general
      meetings, on a one vote per share basis in the share capital of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing
      to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board
      for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to
      proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical meeting at only
      one location, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall
      be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company. The requisition(s) may added resolutions to a general meeting
      agenda.

(ii) Procedures for which enquiries may be put to the Board

      Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the
      principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary or via e-mail to
      “ir@xinyienergy.com.hk”.



24     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its
Shareholders and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company
has established a shareholders communication policy. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
shareholders communication policy and the results were satisfactory. The Company has established the following channels:

(i)     the annual general meeting provides a forum for the shareholders to raise comments and exchange views with the
        Board. The Directors are available at the annual general meeting of the Company to address Shareholders’ queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyienergy.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is
        available for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders informed of the Group’s
        performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with Shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request
        and provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the
        Group’s Inside Information Policy; and

(vi)    Shareholders shall direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
        Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year, the Company has made changes to its constitutional documents to be consistent with the latest legal and
regulatory requirements, including the applicable laws of the British Virgin Islands and Hong Kong, the new electronic
dissemination rules under the expanded paperless listing regime of the Stock Exchange effective from 31 December 2023 and
the creation of the treasury shares that may be held by the Company as permitted under the Listing Rules.

The adoption of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company had obtained
shareholders’ approval at the annual general meeting held on 30 May 2025. For details, please refer to the announcement of
the Company dated 30 April 2025 and the circular of the Company dated 30 April 2025.

The Company’s constitutional documents is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



DIVIDEND POLICY
In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders of the Company.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s
dividend distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by
the Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Company’s memorandum
and articles of association.




26     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the consolidated audited financial statements of the Group for the
FY2025.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The activities of the subsidiaries are principally engaged in the
operations and management of solar and wind farms in the PRC. Particulars of the subsidiaries are set forth in Note 14 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
A business review of the Group and further discussion and analysis of these activities of the Group for the FY2025 and the
future development are set forth in the Chairman’s Statement from pages 4 to 7 and Management Discussion and Analysis
from pages 8 to 13 of this annual report. These discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.

RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the FY2025 are set forth in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on page 53 in this annual
report. During the year, an interim dividend of 2.9 HK cents per share, amounting to a total of RMB224.4 million, was paid
to the Shareholders in cash or partially settled by the issuance of 66,476,454 scrip shares in respect of scrip dividend on 10
October 2025.

FINAL DIVIDEND
At the meeting of the Board held on 27 February 2026, the Directors proposed a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”) of 3.6
HK cents per share for the FY2025. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend is subject to the approval of the
Shareholders at the AGM to be held on Friday, 29 May 2026. If approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final
Dividend will be paid to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 8
June 2026.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or in new and fully paid shares of the Company,
in whole or in part, in lieu of cash dividend by scrip dividend (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”) . The Scrip Dividend Scheme is
subject to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) granting the listing of, and permission to deal in,
the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commenced on Tuesday, 2 June 2026 until
Monday, 8 June 2026 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   27
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
As a pure solar farm owner and operator, the Group’s business model is to acquire, own, and manage a portfolio of utility
scale ground-mounted solar farm projects and sell the electricity to local subsidiaries of two state-owned grid enterprises
in the PRC. Without involvement of solar farm development and construction, as well as 100% electricity generation from
solar power, negative effects of the Group’s daily operation on the environmental are relatively low compared to that
of traditional fuel-based power companies. Furthermore, the Group has and will endeavor to minimise negative effects
by adopting various methods, like using rainwater and applying other technologies for cleaning solar panels to reduce
water consumption, implementing nationwide centralised surveillance system for remote monitoring to lower energy and
electricity consumption.

In contrast to the negative impacts, electricity generated from solar and wind farms is a clean and renewable energy, which
can replace a portion of fuel-based power, and as a result, will mitigate greenhouse-gas emissions. Therefore, to increase the
usage of renewable energy is highly important for the world to achieve the UN Sustainable Development Goals. The volume
of electricity sold by the Group’s solar and wind farms in 2025 was approximately 4.92 billion kWh, as compared to 4.47
billion kWh in 2024, offsetting around 4.05 million tons of CO2 emission.

The Group’s operations strictly comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations in all material aspects,
including the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC, the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC, the Law of
the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes, etc. During the FY2025, the Group was not
aware of any non-compliance with any applicable laws and regulations that have a material impact on the Group relating to
environmental protection as well as energy and resources consumption.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
An environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) report for the FY2025 of the Group will be published on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange at the same time as the publication of this annual report.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the year under review and to the best knowledge of the Company’s Directors, the Group had obtained and completed
all material licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had
complied in all material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and
operations.

RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES
The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, equipment suppliers
and the employees of the Group. During the FY2025, there were no material dispute between the Group and its customers,
suppliers and employees.

DONATION
Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the FY2025 amounted to RMB2.1 million (2024: RMB1.7
million).




28     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:

–     Trade and tariff adjustment receivables arising from sales of electricity were all due from state-owned grid enterprises,
      the State Grid Corporation and the China Southern Power Grid. The delay in receiving the tariff adjustment receivables
      may affect the business and financial condition, cash flow and liquidity of the Group.

–     Climate change, unpredictable weather patterns and grid consumption can cause output of power generation shortfalls
      and fluctuate significantly.

All of the above factors may adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk and other financial risks are set forth in the paragraphs under “Treasury
Policies and Exposure to Fluctuation in Exchange Rates” in the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 13 and the
paragraphs under “Financial Risk Management” in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the section
headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in the Group’s property, plant and equipment during the FY2025 are set forth in Note 16 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the FY2025 are set forth in Note 21 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 23 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
Under the BVI Business Companies Act, as of 31 December 2025 and without taking into account the proposed Final Dividend
of 3.6 HK cents per Share for the year then ended, share premium amounting to approximately RMB5,548.8 million (2024:
RMB5,845.1 million) and retained earnings of RMB7,198.4 million (2024: RMB6,180.4 million) was distributable to the
Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on which the distribution or dividend is proposed
to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

As of 31 December 2025, the Company does not have reserves available for cash distribution and/or distribution, as computed
in accordance with the BVI Business Companies Act.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     29
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the applicable laws of the British Virgin Islands where
the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rate basis to the existing
Shareholders.

DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the FY2025 and up to the date of this annual report were:

Executive Directors

Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. (Chairman)
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. (Vice Chairman)
Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. LEE Yau Ching

Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk
The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P.
Ms. LYU Fang

In accordance with article 102 of the Company’s Articles, Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., Mr. LEE Yau Ching and Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk
will retire and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant
to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered or has proposed to enter into any
service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable by the Company within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).




30     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The emoluments of the Directors are recommended by the Remuneration Committee and are decided by the Board, taking
into account the Group’s operating results, individual performance as well as market trends and practices. The Company‘s
policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the Board, options pursuant to the share option of the
        Company, as part of their remuneration package; and

(iv)    annual Director’s fees are as follows:

        Chairman of the Audit Committee: HK$280,000 for the FY2025.

        All other Directors: HK$250,000 for the FY2025.

During the FY2025, three Directors waived the Director’s fees of aggregate amount of HK$750,000 to be received by them
from the Company. Details of the remuneration of the Directors are set forth in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements
in this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT ARE
SIGNIFICANT IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
Except for the connected transaction and continuing connected transaction disclosed on pages 41 to 43 in this annual report,
no transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of
the year or at any time during the year.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the FY2025.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    31
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) in November 2018. The following table sets forth
movements in the share options of the Company for the FY2025:

                                                     Closing price of the
                                                      Company’s shares
                                                           immediately
                                                              before the                                                      Number of share options
                                      Exercise price          grant date       Vesting    Exercise        As at                                                                 As at
                         Grant date          (HK$)                 (HK$)        period     period     1/1/2025     Granted    Exercised       Cancelled        Lapsed     31/12/2025


Continuous               31/3/2021             3.78                 3.81    31/3/2021-   1/4/2024-    1,930,468          —           —                  —   (1,930,468)            —
  contract employees                                                        31/12/2023   31/3/2025
                         31/3/2022             4.76                 4.86    31/3/2022-   1/4/2025-    2,247,208          —           —          (37,028)            —      2,210,180
                                                                            31/12/2024   31/3/2026
                          1/6/2023             2.26                 2.26     1/6/2023-   1/4/2026-    3,518,000          —           —          (82,000)            —      3,436,000
                                                                            31/12/2025   31/3/2027
                         28/3/2024             1.12                 1.09    28/3/2024-   1/4/2027-    3,106,000          —           —         (100,000)            —      3,006,000
                                                                            31/12/2026   31/3/2028
                         31/3/2025             0.97                 0.96    31/3/2025-   1/4/2028-           —    3,500,000          —          (29,000)            —      3,471,000
                                                                            31/12/2027   31/3/2029

Total                                                                                                10,801,676   3,500,000          —         (248,028)    (1,930,468)   12,123,180



During the FY2025, 3,500,000 share options were granted. The fair value of the equity-settled share options granted under
the Share Option Scheme during the year was estimated at HK$892,000. The value of the share options granted during the
FY2025 is to be expensed through the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group over the three-year vesting period
of the share options.

The fair value of share options granted during the FY2025 was determined in accordance with the valuation performed by
an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Such model is one of the commonly used models to
estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share
options are set forth in the table below. The value of an option varies with different variables of a number of subjective
assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of an option.

Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                                                                                         0.95
Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                                                                                        0.97
Volatility (%)                                                                                                                                                             49.04
Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                                                          5.26
Expected share option life (years)                                                                                                                                          3.50
Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                                                                                   2.84

The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 648,066,772 share options as of 1
January 2025 and 648,158,214 share options as of 31 December 2025.




32           ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the
FY2025 divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2025 is 0.04%.

During the FY2025, a total of 3,500,000 share options granted to the senior management and the employees of the Group (the
“Grantees”), among of which 1,166,666 share options, representing one third of the total share options granted, vested on
31 December 2025. Having considered that (i) such share options vested where the performance target are satisfied during
the performance period commenced from 1 January 2025 and ended on 31 December 2025, which is not less than 12 months,
and (ii) the total vesting and holding period of the share options is more than 12 months, the Remuneration Committee
and the Board considered that the grant of such share options with a shorter vesting period could align the interests of the
Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the Grantees to work towards
success of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group, which is in line with the purpose of
the Share Option Scheme.

The vesting of the share options granted to the Grantees is subject to satisfaction of certain performance targets as determined
by the Board at its absolute discretion. The Board will assess the performance of the Group for the relevant year, including in
particular key performance indicators, such as revenue, profit and sales target of the Group as a whole and of the applicable
business. Also, the Group has established a standard performance appraisal system for its employees to evaluate their
performance and contribution to the Group.

There is no clawback mechanism attached to the share options granted to the Grantees. The purpose of the Share Option
Scheme is to recognise and acknowledge the contributions the grantees had or may have made to the Group. The Share
Option Scheme also provides the grantees with an opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view to
satisfied the objectives of (i) motivate the grantees to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group and
(ii) attract and retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the grantees whose contributions are or
will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group. Having considered that (i) the Grantees are the senior management
and the employees of the Group who will contribute directly to the overall business performance, sustainable development
and/or good corporate governance of the Group; (ii) the grant of share options to the Grantees is a recognition for their past
contributions to the Group; and (iii) the share options are subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme which provides for
circumstances under which the share options or any part thereof shall lapse in the event that the Grantees cease to be a senior
management and an employee of the Group or commit a breach of the rules of the Share Option Scheme, the Remuneration
Committee and the Board consider that without additional clawback mechanism, the grant of the share options could align
the interests of the Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the Grantees to
work towards successes of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group, which is in line with
the purpose of the Share Option Scheme.

Saved as disclosed above, the Company did not make any grant of share options to the Directors and/or senior management
as set forth in Rules 17.03F, 17.06B(7) and 17.06B(8) of the Listing Rules during the FY2025.

A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is as follows:

(i)   Purpose

      The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants
      (“Participants”) as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group and to provide
      the Participants an opportunity to have a personal stake in our Company with the view to achieving the following
      objectives: (i) motivate the Participants to optimize their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group; (ii) attract
      and retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the Participants whose contributions are or will
      be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group and (iii) for such purposes as the Board may approve from time to
      time.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    33
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(ii) Participants

      The Participants includes: (i) any executive director of, manager of, or other employee holding an executive,
      managerial, supervisory or similar position in any member of the Group (the “Executive”), any full-time or part time
      employee, or a person for the time being seconded to work full-time or part-time for any member of the Group (the
      “Employee”); (ii) a director or proposed director (including an independent non-executive director) of any member of
      the Group; (iii) a direct or indirect shareholder of any member of the Group; (iv) a supplier of goods or services to any
      member of the Group; (v) a customer, consultant, business or joint venture partner, franchisee, contractor, agent or
      representative of any member of the Group; (vi) a person or entity that provides design, research, development or other
      support or any advisory, consultancy, professional or other services to any member of the Group; and (vii) an associate
      of any of the persons referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above.

(iii) Maximum number of shares (the “Shares”) of the Company

      The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under the Share
      Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Group shall not in aggregate exceed 662,734,947 Shares, representing
      10% of the Shares in issue as of the date of listing, excluding Shares which may fall to be issued upon the exercise of the
      over-allotment option.

      The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to
      be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Group shall not exceed 30% of the Shares
      in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other scheme of the
      Company if this will result in such limit being exceeded.

      The total number of securities available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 648,158,214, representing 7.61%
      of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as of the date of this annual report.

(iv) Maximum entitlement of each eligible Participant

      Unless with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, the maximum number of Shares issued and which
      may fall to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes
      of the Company (including both exercised and outstanding options) to each Participant in any 12-month period up to
      the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue as of the date of grant.

(v)   Option period

      The period during which the share option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion,
      save that no share option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted. Save as determined by the
      Board and provided in the offer of the grant of the relevant share options, there is no minimum period for which a share
      option must be held before it can be exercised.

(vi) Vesting period

      Subject to the provisions of the Listing Rules, the Board may in its absolute discretion when offering the grant of an
      option impose the time or period before the right to exercise the option in respect of all or any of the Shares shall vest
      provided that such terms or conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other terms or conditions of the Share Option
      Scheme.




34     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(vii) Acceptance and payment on acceptance

       An offer for the grant of Share options must be accepted within thirty days inclusive of the day on which such offer
       was made. A consideration of HK$1.00 is required to be paid by the grantee of the share option to the Company upon
       acceptance of the offer.

(viii) Option price for subscription of shares

       The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular share option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall
       be the price determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, but in any event shall not be less than the highest of:

       (a)   the closing price of the Share as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which
             must be a business day;

       (b)   the average closing price of the Share as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five business
             days immediately preceding the date of grant; and

       (c)   the nominal value of the Share.

(ix)   Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme

       The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commencing on 28 May 2019.

Further details of the Share Option Scheme are set forth in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   35
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 14 to 17 in this annual report.

DIRECTOR’S AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITION IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES
AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), which were required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed
to have taken under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of
the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

(i)   Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                             Name of the                                       the Company’s
                                                                             controlled                     Number of             issued share
      Name of Director                    Capacity                           corporations                  Shares held                 capital


      Tan Sri Datuk                       Interest in a controlled           Copark                         32,211,604                   0.378%
        TUNG Ching Sai J.P.                  corporation(1)                    (as defined below)
                                          Interest in a controlled           Sharp Elite                  202,854,207                    2.381%
                                             corporation(1)                    (as defined below)
                                          Family interest(1)                                               15,719,319                   0.184%
                                          Interest in persons acting                                    1,371,709,449                  16.100%
                                             in concert(2)


      Notes:

      (1)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”)
               and Sharp Elite Holdings Limited (“Sharp Elite”), both are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”) with limited
               liability, which in turn are the registered owner of 32,211,604 and 202,854,207 Shares, respectively. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
               Sai J.P. is also deemed to be interested in 15,719,319 Shares through his spouse, Puan Sri Datin SZE Tan Hung.

      (2)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 November 2018 and entered into by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M ,
               Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI
               Ching Leung, the parties have agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to dispose of
               their Shares allotted to them under a conditional distribution in specie received at the time of listing of the Company.




36     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(ii) Long positions in the shares of the associated corporation

                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage in
                                                                                                           Number of               the issued
                                                                            Name of the                 shares held in           share capital
                                                                            associated                 the associated       of the associated
      Name of Director                   Capacity                           corporation                   corporation             corporation


      Tan Sri Datuk                      Interest in a controlled           Xinyi Solar                   230,990,954                    2.525%
        TUNG Ching Sai J.P.                 corporation(1)
                                         Family interest(1)                                                39,685,997                   0.433%
                                         Interest in persons                                            2,183,863,406                  23.875%
                                            acting in concert(2)


     Notes:

      (1)     Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Copark which is the registered owner
              of 230,990,954 shares of Xinyi Solar (the “XYS Shares”). Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. also has 39,685,997 XYS Shares through
              his spouse, Puan Sri Datin SZE Tan Hung.

      (2)     Pursuant to an agreement dated 31 May 2013 and entered into by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M , Tan
              Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
              Leung, the parties have agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to sell their XYS
              Shares allotted to them under a conditional distribution in specie, by way of special interim dividend declared on 19 November
              2013 of such number of shares to them representing approximately 67.6% of the XYS Shares as of that date.

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares, the underlying Shares and
debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which was
required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered in
the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED            37
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As of 31 December 2025, the following persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) had, or were
deemed to have interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

Long positions in the Share

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage of
                                                                                                              the Company’s
                                                                                                 Number of       issued share
Name of substantial shareholders                   Nature of interest and capacity              Shares held           capital


Xinyi Group (Glass) Company Limited                Beneficial owner                            447,553,833           5.253%

Xinyi Glass (BVI) Limited                          Interest in a controlled corporation        447,553,833           5.253%
  (formerly known as “Xinyi Automobile Glass
  (BVI) Company Limited”)

Xinyi Glass                                        Beneficial owner                             41,469,953           0.486%
                                                   Interest in a controlled corporation        447,553,833           5.253%

Xinyi Power (BVI) Limited                          Beneficial owner                           4,324,103,847         50.754%

Xinyi Solar                                        Interest in a controlled corporation       4,324,103,847         50.754%

Charm Dazzle Limited                               Beneficial owner                            509,748,913           5.983%

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                            Interest in a controlled corporation(1)      602,025,817          7.066%
                                                   Interest in a controlled corporation(2)        8,466,198          0.099%
                                                   Joint interest(1)                              3,881,382          0.045%
                                                   Family interest(1)                             4,827,875          0.056%
                                                   Interest in persons acting in concert(3)   1,003,293,307         11.776%

Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M                  Interest in a controlled corporation(4)      257,517,135          3.022%
                                                   Joint interest(4)                             12,947,042          0.151%
                                                   Family interest(4)                             4,541,941          0.053%
                                                   Interest in persons acting in concert(3)   1,347,488,461         15.816%

Mr. LEE Sing Din                                   Interest in a controlled corporation(5)      153,457,731          1.801%
                                                   Personal interest(5)                             248,171          0.002%
                                                   Joint interest(5)                              7,511,101          0.088%
                                                   Interest in persons acting in concert(3)   1,461,277,576         17.151%

Mr. LI Man Yin                                     Interest in a controlled corporation(6)       57,215,195          0.671%
                                                   Personal interest(6)                             394,278          0.004%
                                                   Family interest(6)                               162,325          0.001%
                                                   Interest in persons acting in concert(3)   1,564,722,781         18.365%



38      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                                                  percentage of
                                                                                                                                 the Company’s
                                                                                                                Number of           issued share
Name of substantial shareholders                            Nature of interest and capacity                    Shares held               capital


Mr. LI Ching Wai                                            Interest in a controlled corporation(7)             64,973,183                0.762%
                                                            Personal interest(7)                                   205,033                0.002%
                                                            Interest in persons acting in concert(3)         1,557,316,363               18.278%

Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                            Interest in a controlled corporation(8)             82,945,682                0.973%
                                                            Interest in persons acting in concert(3)         1,539,548,897               18.070%

Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                              Interest in a controlled corporation(9)             55,338,425                0.649%
                                                            Personal interest(9)                                   283,973                0.003%
                                                            Interest in persons acting in concert(3)         1,566,872,181               18.391%

Mr. LI Ching Leung                                          Interest in a controlled corporation(10)            53,944,770                0.633%
                                                            Personal interest(10)                                  776,322                0.009%
                                                            Family interest(10)                                     45,870               0.0005%
                                                            Interest in persons acting in concert(3)         1,567,727,617               18.401%

Shanghai Ningquan Asset Management                          Investment manager                                 670,672,695                 7.872%
  Co., Ltd.*
  (上海寧泉資產管理有限公司)


*        For identification purpose only

Notes:

(1)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Realbest Investment Limited and Charm Dazzle
         Limited, both are incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. also has
         3,881,382 Shares jointly held with and 4,827,875 Shares directly held by his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(2)      The interest in the Shares is held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”). Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. as
         to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M as to 16.21%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. as to 16.21%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%,
         Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung
         as to 3.70%.

(3)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 November 2018 and entered into by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M ,
         Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
         Leung, the parties have agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to dispose of their shares
         allotted to them under a conditional distribution in specie received at the time of listing of the Company.

(4)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M ’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited and Xu Feng Limited, both are
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M . Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M
         also has 12,947,042 Shares jointly held with and 4,541,941 Shares directly held by his spouse, Datin Wira KUNG Sau Wai.

(5)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interests in the Shares are held through Telerich Investment Limited and Precious Smart Limited, both are
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LEE Sing Din. Mr. LEE Sing Din also has 248,171 Shares held in his
         own name and 7,511,101 Shares held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam LI Kam Ha.


                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED            39
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(6)    Mr. LI Man Yin’s interests in the Shares are held through Perfect All Investments Limited and Will Sail Limited, both are incorporated in
       the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Man Yin. Mr. LI Man Yin also has 394,278 Shares held in his own name and
       162,325 Shares through his spouse, Madam LI Sau Suet.

(7)    Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited and Yuanyi Limited, both are incorporated in
       the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai. Mr. LI Ching Wai also has 205,033 Shares held in his own name.

(8)    Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited and Day Dimension Investments Limited, both are
       incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(9)    Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited and Far High Investments Limited, both are
       incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho. Mr. NG Ngan Ho also has 283,973 Shares held in his
       own name.

(10)   Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited and Heng Zhuo Limited, both are incorporated
       in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung. Mr. LI Ching Leung also has 776,322 Shares held in his own
       name and 45,870 Shares held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or
short positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
As of 31 December 2025, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or the
controlling shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or
may compete with the business of the Group.

DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance and the enforcement of the deed of non-
competition dated 5 December 2018 entered into by the Covenantors (as defined therein) in favour of the Company and have
not noticed any material non-compliance of such deed by the Convenantors.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
During the FY2025, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities arising out of
activities of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance covering
remained effective.

ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.




40      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of revenue of sales for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers are as follows:

－the largest customer                                  17.4%
－five largest customers in aggregate                   59.7%

None of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares), had any beneficial interest in any of the
Group’s five largest customers.

The percentage of the aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers was less than 30% of the Group’s
total value of purchases.

BANK BORROWINGS
The total bank borrowings of the Group as of 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB7,297.2 million (2024: RMB7,330.5
million). Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.

REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES
As of 31 December 2025, the Group had 457 full-time employees in total in Hong Kong and the PRC. Remuneration
packages offered to the Group’s employees are consistent with the prevailing market terms and reviewed on a regular
basis. Discretionary bonuses may be rewarded to employees taking into consideration of the Group’s performance and the
performance of the individual employee. The Directors confirm that the Group maintains good working relationship with its
employees and provides training when necessary to keep its employees informed of the latest information on developments
of its products and production processes.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set forth in Note 30 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Some of these transactions also constitute “Connected Transactions”
and “Continuing Connected Transactions” under the Listing Rules, as identified below.

During the FY2025, the Group had the following connected transaction and continuing connected transaction, details of
which are set forth below:

Connected transaction

Completion of 2025 acquisition with Xinyi Solar

As of 31 December 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of (i) a utility-scale ground-mounted solar farm project in Anhui
Province with an aggregate approved capacity 30 MW for electricity generation directly owned by Wuhu Xintu Renewable
Energy Limited (蕪湖信圖新能源有限公司), (ii) a utility-scale ground-mounted solar farm project in Guangdong Province
with an aggregate approved capacity 100 MW for electricity generation directly owned by Xinyun Renewable Energy (Yunfu)
Limited (信雲新能源(雲浮)有限公司) and (iii) a utility-scale ground-mounted solar farm project in Guangdong Province with
an aggregate approved capacity 100 MW for electricity generation directly owned by Kaiping City Ruide Renewable Energy
Limited (開平市睿得新能源有限公司).




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   41
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Acquisition of the equity interest in Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company Limited

On 23 December 2025, Xinyi Solar (Fanchang) Company Limited (信義光能(繁昌) 有限公司) (“Xinyi Energy (Fanchang)”), a
non-wholly owned subsidiary of Xinyi Solar and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as the purchaser, entered into
the equity transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”) with Anhui Xinyi Power Source Company Limited* (安徽信
義電源有限公司) (“Anhui Xinyi Power”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, and Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)
Company Limited (信義節能玻璃(蕪湖)有限公司) (“Xinyi Energy (Wuhu)”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Glass, as the
vendors, in relation to the acquisition of equity interest of Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company Limited (金寨信義風能有限
公司) owned by Anhui Xinyi Power and Xinyi Energy (Wuhu) to Xinyi Energy (Fanchang) at a total consideration of RMB62.0
million.

Each of Xinyi Glass and Xinyi Electric Storage is a company with common controlling shareholders with the Company, and
is therefore Anhui Xinyi Power and Xinyi Energy (Wuhu) are the connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.
Accordingly, the Equity Transfer Agreement constitutes a connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

Continuing connected transaction

Solar Farm O&M Agreement

As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 December 2024, the Company entered into a memorandum
(“Second Renewal Memorandum”) dated 31 December 2024 with Xinyi Solar to confirm the renewal of the solar farm O&M
agreement (“Solar Farm O&M Agreement”) for the three years ending on 31 December 2027. Pursuant to the Solar Farm
O&M Agreement, the Group have agreed to provide solar farm operation and management services to the connection-ready
solar farm projects developed or constructed by the Xinyi Solar Group. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of
the transactions contemplated under the Solar Farm O&M Agreement (as renewed by the Second Renewal Memorandum) for
the FY2025 are RMB15.0 million and RMB9.0 million, respectively.

Xinyi Solar is the substantial shareholder of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under
the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the Solar Farm O&M Agreement, as renewed by the Renewal Memorandum, constitutes a
continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

All independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
      independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders as a whole.




42     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
(Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions to the Board in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and confirming there is nothing has come to
their attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions:

(a)   have not been approved by the Board;

(b)   were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

(c)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions;
      and

(d)   have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.

COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Directors confirmed that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions as contained in the CG Code set
forth in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules for the FY2025.

Please refer to the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” set forth in pages 18 to 26 in this annual report for details
of compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an audit committee, comprising all independent non-executive Directors, with written terms of
reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review
and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give
advice to the Board.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the FY2025.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SHARES
During the FY2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities
(including sale of treasury shares) of the Company.

EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
No significant event has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   43
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as of the date
of this annual report, the Company has complied with the ongoing public float threshold, representing between 15% to 25%
as the market capitalisation of the Company at the time of listing exceeds HK$10 billion of the ordinary shares held by the
public as required under the Listing Rules. As of the date of this annual report, 24.46% of the ordinary Shares are held by the
public.

The capital of the Group comprises only ordinary Shares.

The table below sets forth the Share ownership composition as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                                Number of
Shareholders                                                                                               ordinary Shares                               %


Controlling Shareholders (1)                                                                                 6,435,622,212                          75.54
Public Shareholders                                                                                          2,084,090,139                          24.46

Total                                                                                                        8,519,712,351                          100.0


Note:

(1)     Pursuant to a shareholders’ agreement entered into among Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M , Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
        Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze and Mr. LI Ching Leung
        dated 22 November 2018, the parties agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to sell their
        Shares. Each of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M , Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr.
        LI Ching Wai, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze and Mr. LI Ching Leung and their respective controlled corporations (as
        such term is defined under the Listing Rules), as well as Xinyi Glass, Xinyi Group (Glass) Company Limited, Xinyi Solar and Xinyi Power
        (BVI) Limited, are the controlling shareholders (the “Controlling Shareholders”). As of the date of this annual report, the Controlling
        Shareholders, being parties acting in concert as a result of the shareholders’ agreement mentioned above, held 6,435,622,212 Shares,
        representing 75.54% of the total number of the Shares in issue.


AUDITOR
PricewaterhouseCoopers has retired as the auditor of the Company effective from the conclusion of the annual general
meeting of the Company held on 30 May 2025. Ernst & Young (“EY”) has been appointed as the auditor of the Company
following the retirement of PricewaterhouseCoopers effective from the 30 May 2025 and to hold office until the conclusion of
the AGM.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the FY2025 has been audited by EY who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint EY and authorise the Directors to fix
their remuneration.




44       ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The AGM will be held on Friday, 29 May 2026. The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 26 May
2026 to Friday, 29 May 2026 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. The record date
for entitlement to attend and vote at AGM is Friday, 29 May 2026. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote
at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 22 May
2026.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 4 June 2026 to Monday, 8 June 2026 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. The record dated for entitlement the Final Dividend is
Monday, 8 June 2026. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant
share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 3 June 2026.

On Behalf of the Board




LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 February 2026




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   45
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                                      Ernst & Young                 安永會計師事務所                        Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                      27/F, One Taikoo Place        香港鰂魚涌                           Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                      979 King’s Road               英皇道979號                         ey.com
                                      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong         太古坊一座27樓

To the shareholders of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in British Virgin Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 53 to 139, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes
to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities.

We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




46     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Provision of loss allowance of trade receivables

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had trade receivables of        Our procedures in relation to the provision of loss allowances
RMB4,124.7 million against which provisions for expected          of trade receivables included the following:
credit losses (“ECL”) of RMB41.2 million were made.
                                                                  •    we obtained an understanding of management
The Group measures the loss allowance for its trade                    assessment’s process of expected credit loss of trade
receivables at an amount equal to the lifetime expected                receivables;
credit losses. Expected credit losses are estimated by grouping
the receivables based on the shared credit risk characteristics   •    we assessed the appropriateness of the methodology
and collectively assessed for the likelihood of recovery and           in determining the expected credit losses of trade
applying expected credit loss rates to the respective gross            receivables. We also considered whether the
carrying amounts of the receivables. The expected credit loss          judgements and significant assumptions used by
rates are determined based on the historical credit losses             management would give rise to indicators of possible
experience and are adjusted to reflect current and forward-            management bias;
looking information on economic indicators, scenarios and
                                                                  •    we involved our internal specialists to assist us in
the underlying probability weightings.
                                                                       evaluating the calculation of expected credit losses
The provision of loss allowance of trade receivables is                prepared by the Group’s management, including
identified as a key audit matter because the trade receivables         forward looking adjustment and estimated loss rates;
balance is significant to the Group and significant judgement
                                                                  •    we tested, on sample basis, the accuracy and
and estimations applied in assessing the allowance for
                                                                       completeness of the data being used and checked
expected credit losses.
                                                                       mathematical accuracy of calculation of expected credit
The related disclosures about the provision of loss allowance          losses prepared by management; and
of trade receivables are included in 3.1(b), Note 4 and Note
                                                                  •    we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures of
19 to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                       provision of loss allowances of trade receivables in the
                                                                       consolidated financial statements.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    47
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Revenue recognition on tariff adjustment

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group                Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition on tariff
recognised revenue of RMB2,453.3 million of which revenue        adjustment included the following:
from tariff adjustment amounted to RMB915.9million. The
                                                                 •    we obtained an understanding of management’s
corresponding trade receivable arising from tariff adjustment
                                                                      process of revenue recognition on tariff adjustment
was approximately RMB3,955.2 million as at 31 December
                                                                      and we evaluated and test, on sample basis, the key
2025.
                                                                      internal control over the management’s assessment
Revenue arising from tariff adjustment represents subsidy             in connection with revenue recognition on tariff
received and receivable from the sales of electricity pursuant        adjustment;
to the prevailing government policies, and is recognised
                                                                 •    we discussed with the management and with
when each solar farm complied with all the requirements
                                                                      reference to the relevant rules and regulations,
and conditions as required under the prevailing government
                                                                      including those being published during the year ended
policies and regulations for entitlement of the tariff
                                                                      31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report,
adjustment. The tariff adjustment is measured based on
                                                                      and we understood the latest requirements, conditions
the difference between the feed-in-tariff regime and the
                                                                      and the prevailing policies and regulations set by
revenue from sales of electricity.
                                                                      the government authorities on tariff adjustment on
Management exercised judgement in determining the basis,              sales of electricity, and assessed the reasonableness
e.g. the timing of connection and maximum subsidised                  of the judgement used in estimation of the tariff
capacity of the solar farms which are entitled to tariff              adjustment by comparing the consistency of the basis
adjustment, when measuring revenue recognised from                    for determination of the timing of connection, and
tariff adjustment in accordance with the relevant rules and           maximum subsidised capacity of the solar farms with
regulations, including those being published during the year          the policies and regulations;
ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report.
                                                                 •    we tested, on a sample basis, the underlying data used
Management performed self-assessments according to
                                                                      in the calculation of the amount of tariff adjustment by
the latest rules and regulations and evaluated the relevant
                                                                      examining of relevant supporting evidence, including
result.
                                                                      approval of feed-in-tariff issued by the Bureau of
The revenue recognition on tariff adjustment is identified            Commodity Prices and documents of settlement issued
as a key audit matter because significant management                  by the state-owned grid enterprises periodically;
judgements involved in determination of the basis, e.g. the
                                                                 •    we checked the mathematical accuracy of the
timing of connection and maximum subsidised capacity, of
                                                                      calculation of the amount of tariff adjustment of solar
revenue recognition on tariff adjustment according to the
                                                                      farms; and
requirements and conditions as required under the prevailing
government policies and regulations.                             •    we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures of tariff
                                                                      adjustment in the consolidated financial statements.
The related disclosures about the revenue recognition on
tariff adjustment are included in Note 4 and Note 5 to the
consolidated financial statements.




48     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of goodwill arising from acquisitions of solar farm projects

As at 31 December 2025, the net carrying value of the              Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
goodwill arising from acquisitions of solar farm projects by       of goodwill arising from acquisition of solar farm projects
the Group amounted to RMB224.0 million.                            included the following:

Goodwill is subject to impairment assessment at least              •    we obtained an understanding of management’s
annually or when there is an indication of impairment. For              process of impairment assessment of goodwill arising
the purposes of assessing impairment, assets of the Group’s             from acquisitions of solar farm projects;
solar farm projects are grouped at the lowest levels for which
                                                                   •    we evaluated the competence, capabilities and
there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are
                                                                        objectivity of the independent external valuer;
largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or
groups of assets (cash-generating units).                          •    we involved our internal specialists to evaluate the
                                                                        reasonableness of the methodology and discount rate
Management has engaged an independent external valuer
                                                                        as adopted by management, and reviewed sensitivity
to assist in performing impairment assessment for the
                                                                        analysis on the key assumptions adopted in the
Group’s solar farm projects. For the purpose of impairment
                                                                        impairment assessment prepared by the management
assessments, management determined the recoverable
                                                                        so as to assess the potential implication on the results
amount of solar farm projects acquired by the Group using
                                                                        of the impairment assessment if these key assumptions
fair value less cost of disposal (“FVLCOD”) calculation.
                                                                        are to be changed within a reasonable range;
The key assumptions used in the FVLCOD calculation include
                                                                   •    we assessed the reasonableness of the key
among others, cash flow forecast period, annual utilisation
                                                                        assumptions, including cash flow forecast period,
hours, degradation factor, feed-in-tariff and discount rate.
                                                                        annual utilisation hours, degradation factor, feed-in-
The impairment assessment of goodwill arising from                      tariff and discount rate based on inspecting the sales
acquisitions of solar farm projects is identified as a key audit        agreements, our knowledge of the business and the
matter because changing the key assumptions would have                  observable market data of the industry;
a direct impact on the impairment, and the key assumptions
                                                                   •    we checked the mathematical accuracy of the
require a high degree of judgment and estimates.
                                                                        discounted cash flow projections; and
The related disclosures about the impairment assessment of
                                                                   •    we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures of
goodwill arising from acquisitions of solar farm projects are
                                                                        impairment assessment of goodwill arising from
included in Note 4 and Note 18 to the consolidated financial
                                                                        acquisitions of solar farm projects in the consolidated
statements.
                                                                        financial statements.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   49
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




50     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
     or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
     and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
     fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
     internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
     manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
     of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
     statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
     the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   51
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam Wai Ming, Ada (practising certificate
number: P04699).




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

27 February 2026




52     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                          For The Year Ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                              Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000


Revenue                                                                          5           2,453,308           2,440,447
Cost of sales                                                                    7            (937,248)           (840,717)

Gross profit                                                                                 1,516,060           1,599,730
Other income                                                                    5               39,500              22,910
Other gains/(losses), net                                                       6               93,291             (37,673)
Administrative expenses                                                         7              (61,186)            (48,532)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                     3.1(b)            (1,833)             (6,449)

Operating profit                                                                             1,585,832           1,529,986
Finance income                                                                  10               3,090               2,602
Finance costs                                                                   10            (277,483)           (364,775)
Share of net profits/(losses) of investments accounted
   for using the equity method                                                  15                    57                 (91)

Profit before income tax                                                                     1,311,496           1,167,722
Income tax expense                                                              11            (301,875)           (376,220)

Profit for the year                                                                          1,009,621             791,502

Profit for the year attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                            1,010,712             790,851
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                   (1,091)                651

                                                                                             1,009,621             791,502

Earnings per share attributable to the equity holders
  of the Company (Expressed in RMB cents per share)
  – Basic                                                                       12                12.00                  9.55
  – Diluted                                                                     12                12.00                  9.55




The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     53
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For The Year Ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


Profit for the year                                                                      1,009,621           791,502

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax:

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
   Currency translation differences of foreign operations                                  286,273          (318,850)
   Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for
     under the equity method
     – Share of currency translation differences                                                17                47
   Release of reserve upon the disposal of a subsidiary                                     24,086                 —
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
   Currency translation differences of the Company                                        (293,143)          202,919

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                                  17,233          (115,884)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  1,026,854           675,618

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                        1,027,968           674,967
  – Non-controlling interests                                                               (1,114)              651

                                                                                         1,026,854           675,618




The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


54     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                       As At 31 December 2025




                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                              Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                   16          15,000,001          15,394,948
Right-of-use assets                                                             17             980,484             970,148
Prepayments for land use rights and property, plant and equipment               19              46,030              27,735
Investments accounted for using the equity method                               15             495,112                 628
Goodwill                                                                        18             224,005             273,950
Deferred tax assets                                                             26              61,064              59,973

Total non-current assets                                                                    16,806,696          16,727,382

Current assets
Trade and other receivables and prepayments                                     19           4,494,951           4,580,310
Amounts due from related companies                                              30             155,454               3,571
Restricted cash                                                                 20               8,486               3,000
Cash and cash equivalents                                                       20             950,638             354,238

Total current assets                                                                         5,609,529           4,941,119

Total assets                                                                                22,416,225          21,668,501

EQUITY
Capital and reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Company
Share capital                                                                   21              73,808              72,497
Other reserves                                                                  23           5,966,473           6,251,552
Retained earnings                                                                            7,198,407           6,180,436

                                                                                            13,238,688          12,504,485
Non-controlling interests                                                                         (391)                  —

Total equity                                                                                13,238,297          12,504,485

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Bank borrowings                                                                 25           5,100,259           4,789,224
Lease liabilities                                                               17             930,449             919,475
Other payables                                                                  24              13,078              15,378
Deferred tax liabilities                                                        26             250,512             262,194

Total non-current liabilities                                                                6,294,298           5,986,271




The above consolidated statements of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   55
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As At 31 December 2025




                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              Notes           RMB’000          RMB’000


Current liabilities
Bank borrowings                                                                25           2,196,989         2,541,250
Lease liabilities                                                              17              61,168            56,962
Accruals and other payables                                                    24             433,157           450,504
Amounts due to related companies                                               30             119,243            85,912
Current income tax liabilities                                                                 73,073            43,117

Total current liabilities                                                                   2,883,630         3,177,745

Total liabilities                                                                           9,177,928         9,164,016

Total equity and liabilities                                                               22,416,225        21,668,501



The consolidated financial statements on pages 53 to 139 were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2026 and
were signed on its behalf.




LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.                                       TUNG Fong Ngai
Chairman and Executive Director                             Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director




56     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                     Attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                      Share          Other                                         Non-
                                                     capital      reserves      Retained                     controlling
                                                  (Note 21)     (Note 23)       earnings          Total        interests   Total equity
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


Balance at 1 January 2025                           72,497     6,251,552       6,180,436     12,504,485               —    12,504,485

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                       —             —      1,010,712      1,010,712          (1,091)     1,009,621

Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Currency translation differences                          —        (6,847)             —         (6,847)            (23)        (6,870)
Share of other comprehensive
  income of investments accounted
  for using the equity method                             —            17              —               17             —             17
Release of reserve upon disposal
  of a subsidiary                                         —        24,086              —         24,086               —        24,086

Total comprehensive income
  for the year                                            —        17,256      1,010,712      1.027,968          (1,114)     1,026,854

Transactions with owners
Employees’ share option scheme:
   – value of employee services (Note 8)                  —         1,192              —             1,192            —           1,192
   – release upon the lapse of share options              —        (1,836)         1,836                 —            —               —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
   of 2024 final dividend                               702        66,707              —         67,409               —        67,409
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
   of 2025 interim dividend                             609        68,778              —         69,387               —        69,387
Dividend:
   – 2024 final dividend (Note 13)                        —      (207,398)                     (207,398)              —       (207,398)
   – 2025 interim dividend (Note 13)                      —      (224,355)                     (224,355)              —       (224,355)
Appropriation to safety reserve                           —         4,504         (4,504)             —               —              —
Appropriation to statutory reserve                        —       101,990       (101,990)             —               —              —
Incorporation of a subsidiary                             —             —              —              —             723            723
Transfer of reserves upon disposal
   of a subsidiary                                        —      (111,917)       111,917                —             —              —

Balance at 31 December 2025                         73,808     5,966,473       7,198,407     13,238,688            (391)   13,238,297




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED      57
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                       Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                      Share            Other                                            Non-
                                                     capital        reserves       Retained                       controlling
                                                  (Note 21)       (Note 23)        earnings           Total         interests   Total equity
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


Balance at 1 January 2024                           71,412       6,518,702       5,529,694      12,119,808             9,811    12,129,619

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                       —               —        790,851             790,851           651       791,502

Other comprehensive (loss)/income
Currency translation differences                          —       (115,931)               —        (115,931)               —      (115,931)
Share of other comprehensive
  income of investments accounted
  for using the equity method                             —              47               —                47              —             47

Total comprehensive income for the year                   —       (115,884)        790,851             674,967           651       675,618

Transactions with owners
Employees’ share option scheme:
   – value of employee services (Note 8)                  —            (440)              —               (440)            —           (440)
   – release upon the lapse of share options              —            (609)            609                  —             —              —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
   of 2023 final dividend                                59           6,129               —              6,188             —          6,188
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
   of 2024 interim dividend                           1,026         77,991                —             79,017             —        79,017
Dividend:
   – 2023 final dividend (Note 13)                        —       (198,721)              —         (198,721)               —      (198,721)
   – 2024 interim dividend (Note 13)                      —       (177,750)              —         (177,750)               —      (177,750)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                —              —               —                —           (3,046)       (3,046)
Appropriation to safety reserve                           —         16,671         (16,671)               —                —             —
Appropriation to statutory reserve                        —        124,047        (124,047)               —                —             —
Change in ownership interest in
   subsidiaries without change of control                 —           1,416               —              1,416        (7,416)        (6,000)

Balance at 31 December 2024                         72,497       6,251,552       6,180,436      12,504,485                 —    12,504,485




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




58       ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                      28 (a)         2,152,644           1,649,891
Interest paid                                                                                       (218,056)           (311,857)
Income tax paid                                                                                     (283,544)           (381,790)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                       1,651,044             956,244

Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for acquisition of right-of-use assets                                                       (17,392)           (32,690)
Payments for purchases of and prepayments for property,
   plant and equipment                                                                              (984,012)         (2,268,634)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                6,478                 762
Capital injections into an investment accounted
   for using the equity method                                                        15                   —                 (672)
Advance to an investment accounted for using the equity method                                      (151,454)              (2,192)
Net proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                            27             485,012                    —
Net proceeds from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                3,555                4,888
Interest received                                                                                      2,437                2,559

Net cash used in investing activities                                                               (655,376)         (2,295,979)

Cash flows from financing activities
Payment for acquisition of interest in subsidiaries without
   change of control, net of cash acquired                                                                 —              (6,000)
Capital injection to a subsidiary from NCI                                                               723                   —
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                      2,679,970           7,532,289
Repayments of bank borrowings                                                                     (2,713,196)         (6,054,081)
Principal elements of lease payments                                                                 (70,923)            (73,005)
Dividends paid to the Company’s shareholders                                                        (294,957)           (291,266)
Dividends paid to the non-controlling interest                                                             —              (3,046)

Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                              (398,383)          1,104,891

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                 597,285            (234,844)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                                   354,238             587,926
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                 (885)              1,156

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                          20             950,638             354,238



The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) are principally engaged in
     the operations and management of solar and wind farms in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) (the “Renewable
     Energy Generation Business”).

     The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”). The shares of the
     Company are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
     Information” section to the annual report.

     The ultimate holding company of the Company is Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”), a company whose shares
     are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     (a) Basis of preparation

          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
          Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards
          ("HKASs") and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the
          disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

          These consolidated financial statements are presented in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
          financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”).

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of certain
          critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
          the Group’s accounting policies.

     (b) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group

          The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current year's
          financial statements.

          Amendments to HKAS 21                   Lack of Exchangeability

          The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

          Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
          currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
          The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand
          the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted in and the
          functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries, investments accounted for using the equity method for translation
          into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on the
          Group’s financial statements.




60    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     (c)   New and amended standards but not yet adopted by the Group

           The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued but
           are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and amended HKFRS
           Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

           HKFRS 18                                       Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
           HKFRS 19 and its amendments                    Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7              Amendments to the Classification and
                                                             Measurement of Financial Instruments 1
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7              Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                             its Associate or Joint Venture 3
           Amendments to HKAS 21                          Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 2
           Annual Improvements to HKFRS                   Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7 1
           Accounting Standards – Volume 11
           1
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
           2
                Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
           3
                No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption

           Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
           described below.

           HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought
           forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities
           are required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
           income into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued
           operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-defined
           performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation
           and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some
           requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
           Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a consequence
           of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to HKAS 7 Statement of
           Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor
           consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments
           to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with
           earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new
           requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group's financial
           statements.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     (c)   New and amended standards but not yet adopted by the Group (Continued)

           HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the
           recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible,
           at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
           Statements , cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares
           consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards.
           HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025 to include IFRS Accounting Standards in the eligibility criteria for applying
           the standard. The standard was further amended in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure objectives from
           HKFRS 19; (ii) reduce the disclosure requirements relating to supplier finance arrangements and a specific class
           of financial liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure requirements relating to management-defined performance
           measures with a cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for entities that use these measures. Earlier application is permitted.
           As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19 and its amendments. Some of
           the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the application of HKFRS 19 and its amendments in their specified
           financial statements.

           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
           clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an accounting
           policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before
           the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash
           flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent
           features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-
           recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for
           investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
           instruments with contingent features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment
           to opening retained profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not
           required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all
           the amendments at the same time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is
           permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application of
           the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged item
           in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures
           that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial
           performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied
           retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight.
           The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new hedging relationships
           designated on or after the date of the initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to
           HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
           impact on the Group’s financial statements.




62    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     (c)   New and amended standards but not yet adopted by the Group (Continued)

           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in
           HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.
           The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the
           sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a
           business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the
           extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied
           prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by
           the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.

           Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7
           (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the
           amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:

           •    HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures : The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph
                B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 for the
                purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the
                concepts and terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance
                on implementing HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs
                of HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are
                not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           •    HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease
                liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph
                3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. However, the amendments
                do not address how a lessee distinguishes between a lease modification as defined in HKFRS 16 and an
                extinguishment of a lease liability in accordance with HKFRS 9. In addition, the amendments have updated
                certain wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential confusion.
                Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the
                Group’s financial statements.

           •    HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements : The amendments clarify that the relationship described
                in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
                investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with
                the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
                expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           •    HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows : The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in
                paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application is
                permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     3.1 Financial risk factors

          The Group’s activities expose it to various types of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk,
          cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
          program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
          the Group’s financial performance.

          (a)   Market risk

                (i)    Foreign exchange risk

                       The Group mainly operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily arising from
                       HK$, US dollar (“US$”), Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and Japanese Yen (“JPY”), some of which are not
                       the functional currencies of respective operating subsidiaries within the Group. Foreign exchange
                       risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net investments
                       in foreign operations, mainly as a result of translation of cash and cash equivalents and borrowings.
                       Details of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and bank borrowings are disclosed in Note 20 and
                       Note 25.

                       The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by performing regular reviews. For subsidiaries with
                       functional currency in HK$, they are not subject to significant foreign exchange risk for transactions
                       conducted in US$ given the pegged exchange rate between HK$ and US$.

                       For Hong Kong subsidiaries with functional currency in HK$, they are subject to foreign exchange
                       risk mainly as a result of translation of cash and cash equivalents and borrowings denominated in
                       RMB. The net foreign exchange gains/losses would be recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December
                       2025, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against HK$, with all other variables held constant,
                       profit after income tax for the year of the Hong Kong subsidiaries would have been approximately
                       RMB1,828,000 (2024: RMB109,813,000) lower/higher mainly as a result of net foreign exchange
                       losses/gains recognised.

                       The remaining Group’s assets and liabilities are primarily denominated in the respective group
                       companies’ financial currency, which would not expose the Group to material foreign exchange risk.

                (ii)   Interest rate risk

                       The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents
                       and bank borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow
                       interest rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest
                       rate risk. Details of the Group’s restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents and bank borrowings have
                       been disclosed in Note 20 and Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.

                       As at 31 December 2025, if interest rates on restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents and bank
                       borrowings had been 25 basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, profit after
                       income tax for the year would have been approximately RMB 14,188,000 (2024: RMB11,582,000)
                       lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest expense being incurred.




64    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk

                The Group’s credit risk arises from trade receivables, deposits and other receivables and amounts due from
                related companies, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents. Management has a credit policy in place
                and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an on-going basis. The carrying amounts of these
                balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets which are
                stated as follows:

                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000


                Trade receivables                                                 19           4,083,419           4,204,565
                Deposits and other receivables                                    19              46,317              43,177
                Amounts due from related companies                                30             155,454               3,571
                Restricted cash                                                   20               8,486               3,000
                Cash and cash equivalents                                         20             950,638             354,238

                Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                5,244,314           4,608,551



                (i)    Risk management

                       The Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount of each individual receivables to ensure that
                       adequate provision for impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts.

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets

                       The Group has following types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                       •      trade receivables;

                       •      deposits and other receivables;

                       •      amounts due from related companies;

                       •      restricted cash and

                       •      cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED       65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                       Trade receivables

                       The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9,
                       which permits the use of the lifetime expected credit loss provision for all trade receivables.

                       To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
                       risk characteristics. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic
                       variables impacting credit risk and expected credit loss. It considers available reasonable and
                       supportive forwarding-looking information.

                       The expected loss rates are based on any historical observed default rates over the expected life of
                       the trade receivables with similar credit risk characteristics and are adjusted to reflect current and
                       forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle
                       the receivables. The Group has identified the Gross Domestic Product and the Industrial Value Added
                       to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected
                       changes in these factors.

                       Trade receivables arising from sales of electricity and tariff adjustment were all due from customers
                       which are state-owned grid enterprises.

                       As at 31 December 2025, the directors have reassessed the historical default rates and the
                       macroeconomic factors and on that basis, the loss allowance of RMB 41,247,000 (2024: RMB
                       42,470,000) were recognised with an expected credit loss rate of 1% (2024: 1%) for trade receivables.

                       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to the
                       opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


                       Loss allowance at 1 January                                               42,470             36,021
                       Provision of loss allowance recognised in the
                         consolidated statement of profit or loss - net                            1,833             6,449
                       Partial disposal of a subsidiary                                           (3,056)                —

                       Loss allowance at 31 December                                             41,247             42,470




66    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                       Trade receivables (Continued)

                       Trade receivables are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators
                       that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to
                       engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments. The Group
                       made no write-off of trade receivables during the year (2024: Nil).

                       Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses within operating
                       profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
                       item.

                       The Group’s sales are made to several major customers and there is some concentration of credit
                       risks. Sales to the top five customers constituted approximately 60% (2024: 63%) of the Group’s total
                       revenue of the year ended 31 December 2025. They accounted for approximately 64% (2024: 71%) of
                       the gross trade receivable balances as at 31 December 2025.

                       Other financial assets at amortised costs

                       Other financial assets at amortised costs include the amounts due from related companies and other
                       receivables.

                       The credit quality of other financial assets at amortised costs has been assessed with reference
                       to historical information about the counterparties default rates and financial position of the
                       counterparties. Given the track record of repayment in full, the directors are of the opinion that the
                       risk of default by these counterparties is not significant and does not expect any losses from non-
                       performance by the counterparties. Therefore, expected credit loss rate of the amounts due from
                       related companies and other receivables is assessed to be immaterial and no provision was made as
                       at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).

                       Restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents

                       As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, most of the bank deposits were deposited with
                       state-owned banks in the PRC and reputable banks in Hong Kong. The credit quality of restricted cash
                       and cash and cash equivalents has been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical
                       information about the counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do not have defaults
                       in the past. Therefore, expected credit loss rate of restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents is
                       assessed to be immaterial and no provision was made as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (c)   Liquidity risk

                Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding
                through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities.

                The Group maintains liquidity by a number of means including orderly realisation of short term financial
                assets, receivables and certain assets that the Group considers appropriate. The Group’s objective is to
                maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of the Group’s available
                cash and other credit lines available. The Group monitors rolling forecasts of its working capital which
                comprises cash and cash equivalents and borrowing facilities on the basis of expected cash flow.

                The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                based on the remaining period at the statement of financial position to the contractual maturity date. The
                amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interests payments
                computed using contractual rates, or if floating, based on the current rates at the year end date). Where
                the loan agreement contains a repayable on demand clause which gives the lender the unconditional
                right to call the loan at any time, the amounts repayable are classified in the earliest time bracket in which
                the lender could demand repayment. The maturity analysis for other borrowings is prepared based on the
                scheduled repayment dates. Balances due within 12 months approximate their carrying balances as the
                impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                     On demand
                                                         or less     Between 1     Between 2           Over
                                                     than 1 year     and 2 years   and 5 years      5 years          Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


                At 31 December 2025
                Bank borrowings and interest          2,363,951       1,369,800     1,442,641     2,937,428      8,113,820
                Accruals and other payables
                  excluding accruals of staff
                  costs and other taxes payable            414,633       13,078            —              —        427,711
                Lease liabilities                           68,197       75,067      259,716      1,255,384      1,658,364
                Amounts due to
                  related companies                        119,243            —             —              —       119,243

                Total                                 2,966,024       1,457,945     1,702,357     4,192,812    10,319,138




68    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                   On demand
                                                        or less    Between 1      Between 2            Over
                                                   than 1 year     and 2 years    and 5 years       5 years          Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                At 31 December 2024
                Bank borrowings and interest         2,774,310        974,943      1,917,288      2,569,397      8,235,938
                Accruals and other payables
                  excluding accruals of staff
                  costs and other taxes payable        435,366         15,378              —              —        450,744
                Lease liabilities                       64,106         64,021        244,234      1,239,002      1,611,363
                Amounts due to
                  related companies                     85,912               —              —              —        85,912

                Total                                3,359,694      1,054,342      2,161,522      3,808,399     10,383,957



     3.2 Capital risk management

          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
          in order to provide returns for the shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal
          capital structure to reduce cost of capital.

          The capital structure of the Group consists of equity and borrowings. In order to maintain or adjust the capital
          structure, the Group will consider the macro-economic conditions, prevailing borrowing rate in the market
          and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise funding through capital market or bank
          borrowings whenever necessary.

          The Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new
          shares or sell assets to reduce borrowings, and repurchase its own shares when the Company’s shares are trading
          at a discount to the expected net assets value per share, as necessary.

          Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
          calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including “current and
          non-current bank borrowings” as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position) less cash and cash
          equivalents.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.2 Capital risk management (Continued)

          As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the gearing ratio was as follows:

                                                                                  Notes               2025                2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


          Bank borrowings                                                           25            7,297,248           7,330,474
          Less: cash and cash equivalents                                           20             (950,638)           (354,238)

          Net debt                                                                                6,346,610           6,976,236

          Total equity                                                                          13,238,297           12,504,485

          Gearing ratio                                                                               47.9%               55.8%



     3.3 Fair value estimation

          Financial assets and liabilities

          (a)   Fair value hierarchy

                The carrying values of financial instruments measured at fair value as at the end of the reporting period
                are categorised among the three levels of the fair value hierarchy defined in HKFRS 13, “Fair value
                Measurement”, with the fair value of each financial instrument categorised in its entirety based on the
                lowest level of input that is significant to that fair value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:

                Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
                and trading and available-for-sale securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting
                period. These instruments are included in level 1.

                Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
                market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.

                As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, there are no financial assets of the Group that are measured at fair value.




70    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)

          Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)

          (b)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)

                The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024:

                Wealth management products

                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


                At 1 January                                                                          —                   —
                Acquisitions                                                                  3,256,480           3,941,000
                Disposals/settlement                                                         (3,260,035)         (3,945,888)
                Amounts recognised in profit or loss – Fair value change                          3,555               4,888

                At 31 December                                                                          —                 —


                There were no transfers among level 1, 2 and 3 during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).

                Apart from the forementioned financial assets at FVPL, the Group’s financial instruments recognised in the
                consolidated statement of financial position are mainly restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents, trade
                receivables, deposits and other receivables, bank borrowings and other financial liabilities carried at
                amortised cost. For the majority of these instruments, the fair values are not materially different to their
                carrying amounts, since the interest receivables and payables is either close to current market rates or the
                instruments are short-term in nature.

                During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the financial assets at FVPL invested by the Group
                included wealth management products sponsored and managed by banks. The Group reports its investing
                cash flows arising from wealth management products on a gross basis, except for cash receipts and
                payments for items in which the turnover is quick, the amounts are large, and the maturities are short.

          (c)   Valuation techniques, inputs and relationships to fair value

                The Group manages the valuation of level 3 instruments for financial reporting purpose on a case by case
                basis. The Group assesses the fair value of the Group’s level 3 instruments by using valuation techniques.
                Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

                •     the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments or recent prices of similar
                      financial assets in less active markets, adjusted to reflect those differences.

                •     for other financial instruments - discounted cash flow analysis.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
     expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

     Judgements

     In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the Group has made the following judgements, apart
     from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
     statements:

     (a)   Revenue recognition on tariff adjustment

           Revenue arising from tariff adjustment represents subsidy received and receivable from the sales of electricity
           pursuant to the prevailing government policies and is recognised when the Group comply with all the
           requirements and conditions as required under the prevailing government policies and regulations for
           entitlement of the tariff adjustment. The tariff adjustment is measured based on the difference between the feed-
           in-tariff regime and the revenue from sales of electricity. Management exercised judgement when interpreting
           the relevant prevailing policies and regulations in relation to the determination of tariff adjustment.

     Estimation uncertainty

     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
     definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing
     a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed
     below.

     (a)   Impairment of trade and other receivables

           The Group makes provision for impairment of trade and other receivables based on assumptions about risk of
           default and expected loss rate. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs
           to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward
           looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are
           disclosed in Note 3.1(b).

     (b)   Useful lives of property, plant and equipment

           The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property,
           plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of these assets
           of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitor
           actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the depreciation charge where
           useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or
           nonstrategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.




72    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     (c)   Impairment of non-financial assets

           The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of each
           reporting period. Non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying
           amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating
           unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal (“FVLCOD”) and
           value in use (“VIU”). The calculation of the FVLCOD is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an
           arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the
           asset. When VIU calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the
           asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those
           cash flows.

     (d)   Current and deferred income tax

           The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. Significant judgement is required in determining the provision for
           income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and calculations for which the
           ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of
           these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current
           and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
           tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.

           Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised when
           management considers it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary
           differences or tax losses can be utilised. When the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
           differences will impact the recognition of deferred income tax assets and taxation charges in the year in which
           such estimate is changed.

           Deferred income tax liabilities have not been established for the withholding taxation that would be payable on
           the undistributed profits of certain subsidiaries which were under certain jurisdictions as the directors consider
           that the timing of the reversal of related temporary differences can be controlled and that is probable that the
           temporary will not reverse in the foreseeable future (Note 26).




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Revenue and other income recognised during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


     Revenue
     Recognised at a point in time:
       – Sales of electricity                                                                        1,528,360            1,464,170
       – Tariff adjustment                                                                             915,948              964,792

                                                                                                     2,444,308            2,428,962
     Recognised over time:
       – Solar farm operation and management services                                                     9,000              11,485

                                                                                                     2,453,308            2,440,447



                                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


     Other income
     Government grants (Note)                                                                            24,320              12,170
     Compensation of insurance claims                                                                     2,753                 809
     Others                                                                                              12,427               9,931

                                                                                                         39,500              22,910


     Note:

     Government grants mainly represent grants received from the PRC Government in subsidising the Group’s general operations.




74    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Accounting policy of revenue recognition

      Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, and represents amounts receivable
      for electricity generated and supplied, stated net of value added taxes

      Revenue is recognised when, or as, the control of the goods or services is transferred to the customer. Depending on
      the terms of the contract and the laws applicable, control of the goods and services may be transferred over time or
      at a point in time.

      Revenue is recognised as follows:

     (a)   Sales of electricity

           Revenue arising from the sales of electricity is recognised at a point in time in the accounting period when
           electricity is generated and transmitted.

           Revenue from electricity sales under the fixed feed-in tariff regime is determined based on the on-grid
           benchmark tariff rates of local coal-fired power plants, which vary across provinces and can be adjusted by
           the government of the PRC (the “PRC Government”). It is currently settled by state-owned grid enterprises for
           the electricity generated by the solar and wind farms (“Solar and Wind Farms”) on a monthly basis. Revenue
           from market-based electricity sales transactions is recognised at the price stipulated in the power purchase
           agreement and settled in accordance with its contractual terms.

     (b)   Tariff adjustment

           Tariff adjustment represents subsidy received and receivable from the sales of electricity to the customer
           pursuant to the government policy on subsidies of solar and wind energy in respect of the Group’s Renewable
           Energy Generation Business. Tariff adjustment is recognised at a point in time at its fair value to the extent that
           it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised from tariff
           adjustment will not occur if the Group will comply with all the prevailing policies and regulations.

           The revenue from tariff adjustment is based on the difference between the feed-in-tariff regime implemented
           by the PRC Government and the revenue from the sales of electricity.

           When there is an agreement to modify a contract regarding adjustments to the feed-in-tariff of the sales of
           electricity, in connection with the contract modification, the Group might provide a partial deduction of the
           tariff adjustment related to the sales of electricity. The Group should account for the deduction separately,
           because it is an adjustment to the transaction price of the previously transferred goods. Thus, it should
           recognise the amount of the deduction immediately as a reduction of revenue and exclude it from the
           application of the modification guidance.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Accounting policy of revenue recognition (Continued)

      (c)   Solar farm operation and management services

            Solar farm operation and management services include operation and management of solar farm projects,
            training, technical and expert support services to the connection-ready solar farm projects held by other
            parties.

            Solar farm operation and management services are recognised over time when the services are provided over
            time.

      Accounting policy of government grant

      Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
      will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

      Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over
      the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

      Accounting policy of segment reporting

      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
      decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
      performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Executive Directors of the Company that make
      strategic decisions.



     Segment information

     The Group is mainly engaged in the operation and management of Solar and wind farms in the PRC. Information
     reported to the Group’s management for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment focuses
     on the operating results of the Group as a whole as the Group’s resources are integrated and no discrete operating
     segment financial information is available.

     No segment of assets and liabilities are presented as no discrete financial information is available.

     Majority of the non-current assets of the Group are located in the PRC and with country of domicile being the PRC.

     Revenue from major customers which are state-owned grid enterprises for the year is set out below:

                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


     Customer A                                                                                   373,600           466,448
     Customer B                                                                                   339,971           360,021
     Customer C                                                                                   426,497           364,463




76    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


     Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                                        8,343              (3,578)
     Gain on partial disposal of a subsidiary (Note 27)                                        131,901                   —
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                            (563)               (992)
     Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL                                            3,555               4,888
     Impairment loss of goodwill (Note 18)                                                     (49,945)            (37,991)

                                                                                                 93,291            (37,673)



7.   EXPENSES BY NATURE
     Expenses included in cost of sales and administrative expenses are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


     Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment (Note 16)                            729,424             654,136
     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 17)                                       50,400              39,442
     Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments) (Note 9)                       68,776              65,747
     Electricity                                                                                27,882              29,282
     Auditor’s remuneration – Audit services                                                     1,617               1,294
     Legal and professional fees                                                                 3,661               4,074
     Insurance expenses                                                                          6,473               5,090
     Repair and maintenance                                                                     45,743              38,167
     Other expenses                                                                             64,458              52,017

                                                                                               998,434             889,249




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


     Wages and salaries (including directors’ emoluments)                                                    60,219                59,765
     Retirement benefits scheme contribution (Note)                                                           7,365                 6,422
     Share options granted to employees                                                                       1,192                  (440)

                                                                                                             68,776                65,747


     Note:

     The Group participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) in accordance with the Mandatory Provident
     Fund Scheme Ordinance of Hong Kong. These plans are funded by contributions from employees and by the Group and the Group’s
     contributions to the plans are expensed as incurred. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in future
     year. The assets are held separately from those of the Group and managed by related independent professional fund managers.

     The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC also participate in defined contribution retirement schemes covering its PRC employees. The
     schemes are administered by the relevant government authorities in the PRC. The Group and the PRC eligible employees are required
     to make contributions based on certain percentages of the applicable payroll costs as stipulated under the requirements in the PRC
     and the relevant government authorities undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing and future retired
     employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in future
     years.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no forfeited contributions were utilised by the Group to reduce its contribution for the
     current year (2024: nil). As at 31 December 2025, no forfeited contribution was available to reduce the contribution payable in future
     years.




78    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
     Five highest paid individuals

     One (2024: two) of the five highest paid individuals were the directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December
     2025.

     Details of the remuneration of the remaining four (2024: three) non-director highest paid individuals for the year
     ended 31 December 2025 are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   2,722                  1,959
     Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                        66                     41
     Share options granted                                                                         254                     90

                                                                                                 3,042                  2,090



     The emoluments of the remaining four (2024: three) non-director highest paid individuals for the year ended 31
     December 2025 fell within the following bands:

                                                                                             Number of individuals
                                                                                                  2025                  2024


     Nil to HK$ 1,000,000                                                                             4                    3
     HK$ 1,000,001 to HK$ 1,500,000                                                                   —                    —
     HK$ 1,500,001 to HK$ 2,000,000                                                                   —                    —

                                                                                                      4                    3




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED      79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9.   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
     (a) Directors’ emoluments

          The remuneration of every director is set out below:

          For the year ended 31 December 2025:

                                                                                         Employer’s
                                                                                        contribution
                                                                                                 to a
                                                                          Discretionary retirement
          Name of directors                                                   bonuses        benefit
          (Note (i))                                      Fees     Salary   (Note (ii))      scheme        Total
                                                       RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


          Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.                          —          —            —             —          —
          Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai,
            P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.                             —          —            —             —          —
          Mr. LEE Yau Ching                                  —          —            —             —          —
          Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai                               231      1,702        3,038            16      4,987
          Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk                               258          —            —             —        258
          The Hon. IP Kwok Him,
            G.B.M., G.B.S., J.P.                           231          —            —             —        231
          Ms. LYU Fang                                     231          —            —             —        231

                                                           951      1,702        3,038            16      5,707




80    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9.   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
     (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

         For the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                       Employer’s
                                                                                                      contribution
                                                                                                              to a
                                                                                       Discretionary   retirement
         Name of directors                                                                  bonuses        benefit
         (Note (i))                                              Fees           Salary    (Note (ii))     scheme                  Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000               RMB’000


         Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.                                    —               —           1,833                —          1,833
         Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai,
               P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.                                  —                —               —                —              —
         Mr. LEE Yau Ching                                           —                —               —                —              —
         Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai                                        230            1,582           4,215               17          6,044
         Mr. LEUNG Ting Yuk                                        258                —               —                —            258
         The Hon. IP Kwok Him, G.B.M.,
           G.B.S., J.P.                                            230                —                —               —             230
         Ms. LYU Fang                                              230                —                —               —             230

                                                                   948            1,582           6,048               17          8,595


         Notes:

         (i)        The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received/receivable from the Group by these directors in their
                    capacity as employees to the Group and/or in their capacity as directors of the companies now comprising the Group.

         (ii)       The discretionary bonuses are determined with reference to the operating results of the Group, individual performance
                    and comparable market statistics during the respective years.

         (iii)      The allowances and benefits in kind include housing allowances and estimated money value of share options.

         (iv)       Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P., Mr. LEE Yau Ching waived emoluments of RMB228,000 (2024:
                    RMB230,000), RMB228,000 (2024: RMB230,000) and RMB228,000 (2024: RMB230,000) respectively for the year.

                    Except for these, no directors waived or agreed to waive any emoluments for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
                    2024.

         (v)        For the year ended 31 December 2025, no incentive payment for joining the Group or compensation for loss of office was
                    paid or payable to any directors (2024: Nil).

         (vi)       Mr. TUNG Fong Ngai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those
                    for services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED        81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9.   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
     (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
           (vii)   Aggregate emoluments paid to or receivable by the directors in respect of their services as directors, whether of the
                   Company or its subsidiary undertaking is RMB951,000 (2024: RMB948,000).

           (viii) Aggregate emoluments paid to or receivable by the directors in respect of their other services in connection with the
                  management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking is RMB4,756,000 (2024: RMB7,647,000).


     (b) Directors’ termination benefits

           For the year ended 31 December 2025, no retirement benefits, payments or benefits in respect of termination of
           directors’ services were paid or made, directly or indirectly, to the director; nor are any payable (2024: Nil).

     (c)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

           There was no consideration provided to or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services of a
           person as a director of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).

     (d) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

           For the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no significant transactions, agreements and contracts in
           relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which the directors of the Company had
           material interest, whether directly or indirectly, other than those disclosed in Note 30 (2024: Nil).

     (e) Directors’ loans, quasi-loans and other dealings

           For the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in
           favour of the directors, or controlled body corporates and connected entities of such directors, other than those
           disclosed in Note 30(b) (2024: Nil).

10. FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


     Finance income
        Interest income from bank deposits                                                                 1,364                2,602
        Other interest income                                                                              1,726                    —

                                                                                                           3,090                2,602

     Finance costs
        Interest on lease liabilities                                                                    52,313               45,318
        Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                             225,170              319,457

                                                                                                        277,483              364,775




82    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


    Current income tax
      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”) (Note (c))                                                              280,313           303,846
      PRC withholding tax (Note (e))                                                                            38,009            75,850
      Underprovision in prior years                                                                                 11                 —

                                                                                                               318,333           379,696
    Deferred income tax (Note 26)                                                                              (16,458)           (3,476)

                                                                                                               301,875           376,220


    Notes:

    (a)      The Company was incorporated in the BVI and is exempted from payment of the BVI income tax.

    (b)      No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Hong Kong
             during the year (2024: Nil).

    (c)      The applicable CIT rate for the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC is 25% (2024: 25%) except that:

             —     A subsidiary engaging in operation and management of solar farms in Anhui Province is qualified as a “High and New
                   Technology Enterprise”and would be entitled to enjoy a preferential CIT rate of 15% (2024: 15%);

             —     A subsidiary engaging in development of operation and management systems in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region is
                   qualified as an “Encouraged Enterprise” in the Catalogue of Industries Encouraged for Foreign Investment in Central and
                   Western Region and would be entitled to enjoy a preferential CIT rate of 15% (2024: 9%);

             —     Ten subsidiaries engaging in solar farms business are eligible as a Small Low-profit Enterprise is subject to preferential
                   tax treatments. a Small Low-profit Enterprise with annual taxable income not more than RMB1,000,000 is subject to
                   Enterprise Income Tax calculated at 25% of its taxable income at a tax rate of 20% (2024: 20%); and

             —     Subsidiaries engaging in the solar farms business enjoyed tax holiday and their profits are fully exempted from the CIT
                   for three years starting from its first year of revenue generation, followed by 50% reduction in CIT in next three years.
                   However, their government grants and compensation of insurance claims received are subject to the CIT rate of 25% (2024:
                   25%).

    (d)      Taxation on overseas profits mainly include Malaysia income tax and Japanese Income Tax which has been calculated on the
             estimated assessable profits for the year at the standard Malaysia corporate income tax rates of 24% (2024: 24%) and the
             standard Japan corporate tax rate of 15% (2024: Nil) respectively.

    (e)      Withholding tax on remitted earnings

             Withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors by the foreign investment enterprises established in the
             PRC, in respect of earnings generated after 31 December 2007 and tax expense arising from the disposal of a PRC subsidiary. For
             the year ended 31 December 2025, dividends remitted from the PRC subsidiaries were subject to 5% withholding tax.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED       83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
     The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate
     of PRC as follows:

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


     Profit before income tax                                                                 1,311,496          1,167,722

     Calculated at tax rate of 25%                                                              327,873            291,931
     Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC subsidiaries                              (110,370)          (100,926)
     Effect of different tax rates in other country and district                                (77,879)             2,218
     Income not subject to tax                                                                  (21,048)                 —
     Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                   180,788             93,130
     PRC withholding tax incurred by HK Companies                                                 2,500             89,867
     Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                                       11                  —

                                                                                                301,875            376,220


     The share of tax attributable to investments accounted for using the equity method amounting to RMB351,000
     (2024: Nil), is included in “Share of profits/(loss) of investments accounted for using the equipment method” in the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss.

12. EARNINGS PER SHARE
     (a) Basic

           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
           weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                                   2025               2024


           Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                     1,010,712            790,851
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                    8,424,292          8,283,062

           Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                   12.00                9.55




84    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



12. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
    (b) Diluted

             Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
             outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company’s dilutive potential
             ordinary shares comprise of share options.

                                                                                                                2025                 2024


             Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                               1,010,712              790,851

             Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              8,424,292            8,283,062
             Adjustment for share options (thousands)                                                            85                    —

                                                                                                          8,424,377            8,283,062

             Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                            12.00                  9.55



13. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

    Interim dividend of 2.9 HK cents (2024: 2.3 HK cents) per share (Note (a))                              224,355              177,750
    Proposed final dividend of 3.6 HK cents (2024: final dividend
       of 2.7 HK cents) per share (Note (b))                                                                275,885              212,758


    Notes:

    (a)      An interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025 of 2.9 HK cents per share (2024: 2.3 HK cents per share) was partially
             paid in cash and partially settled by the issuance of 66,476,454 shares (2024: 113,719,155 shares) in respect of scrip dividend
             to shareholders for whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company on 10 October 2025 (2024: 19 August
             2024).


    (b)      A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 of 3.6 HK cents per share (2024: 2.7 HK cents per share),
             amounting to a total dividend of HK$306,710,000, equivalent to RMB275,885,000 (2024: HK$226,170,000, equivalent to
             RMB212,758,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

             The amount of 2025 proposed final dividend is based on 8,519,712,351 shares in issue as at 31 December 2025. These
             consolidated financial statements do not reflect this proposed dividend payable for the year ended 31 December 2025. The
             amount of 2024 proposed final dividend represented an aggregate dividend partially paid in cash and partially settled by
             issuance of 76,582,140 shares is based on 8,376,653,757 shares in issue as at the record date for the dividend entitlement.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED         85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. SUBSIDIARIES
     Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                           Proportion of
                                                                                                                         Proportion of   ordinary shares
                                      Place of               Principal activities        Particulars of                ordinary shares      held by non-
                                      incorporation and      and place of                issued share                      held by the        controlling
      Name                            kind of legal entity   operation                   capital                            Group (%)        interest (%)


     Directly held by the Company
     Xinyi Energy (BVI) Limited       The BVI, limited       Investment holding          200 ordinary shares of                 100%                   —
     (“Xinyi Energy (BVI)”)             liability company                                  US$1 each

     Indirectly held by the Company
     Wise Regal Investments Limited   Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding          10,000 ordinary shares of              100%                   —
                                        liability company                                  HK$1 each

     Hong’an Xinyi Renewable          The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up                 100%                   —
       Energy Limited                   liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     capital of USD35,000,000

     Xinyi Solar (Wuhu) Limited       The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up                 100%                   —
                                        liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     capital of USD35,000,000

     Xinyi Renewable Energy           The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up                 100%                   —
       (Bozhou) Limited                 liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     capital of USD35,000,000

     Xinyi Solar (Shouxian) Limited   The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up                 100%                   —
                                        liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     capital of RMB215,000,000

     Wuhu Xinyi Renewable             The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up                 100%                   —
      Energy Limited                    liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     capital of RMB300,000,000

     Lu’an Xinyi Renewable            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up                 100%                   —
       Energy Limited                   liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     capital of RMB300,000,000

     Xinyi Solar (Xiaochang)          The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up                 100%                    -
       Limited (“Xiaochang”)            liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     capital of USD32,700,000




86     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
    Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                                                                Proportion of
                                                                                                                              Proportion of   ordinary shares
                                        Place of i             Principal activities        Particulars of                   ordinary shares      held by non-
                                        ncorporation and       and place of                issued share                         held by the        controlling
     Name                               kind of legal entity   operation                   capital                               Group (%)        interest (%)


    Indirectly held by the Company (Continued)
    Xinyi Solar (Suiping)               The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
      Limited (“Suiping”)                 liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB 210,000,000

    Xinyi Renewable Energy (Shouxian) The PRC, limited         Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
       Limited (“Shouxian”)             liability company       of solar farm in the PRC     of USD 35,000,000

    Xinyi Solar (Huainan) Limited       The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
                                          liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of USD 12,000,000

    Xinyi Solar (Wuwei)                 The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
      Limited (“Wuwei”)                   liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of USD9,000,000

    Wuwei Rihao Renewable Energy        The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
     Limited (“Wuwei Rihao”)              liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB10,000,000

    Guangdong Shenke                    The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
      New Energy Co., Ltd.                liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB30,000,000
      (“Guangdong Shenke”)

    Xinyi Renewable Energy (Xiangyang) The PRC, limited        Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
      Co., Ltd (“Xiangyang”)             liability company      of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB53,000,000

    Wuwei Xinchuang Renewable Energy The PRC, limited          Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                    -
     Limited (“Wuwei Xinchuang”)       liability company        of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB8,000,000

    Anlu Jingshun Renewable Energy      The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid capital               100%                   —
      Limited (“Anlu Jingshun”)           liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of USD16,000,000

    Hubei Jingping Renewable           The PRC, limited        Management and operation    Registered and paid capital               100%                   —
      Energy Limited (“Hubei Jingping”) liability company       of solar farm in the PRC     of USD16,000,000

    Huainan Xinyi Renewable           The PRC, limited         Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
      Energy Limited (“Huainan Xinyi”) liability company        of solar farm in the PRC     of USD13,000,000

    Xinyi Renewable Energy               The PRC, limited      Management and operation    Registered capital                        100%                   —
      (Huaibei) Limited (“Huaibei Xinyi”) liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of USD25,000,000 and paid
                                                                                             up capital
                                                                                             of USD5,861,911.74




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED                   87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                                                               Proportion of
                                                                                                                             Proportion of   ordinary shares
                                       Place of i             Principal activities        Particulars of                   ordinary shares      held by non-
                                       ncorporation and       and place of                issued share                         held by the        controlling
      Name                             kind of legal entity   operation                   capital                               Group (%)        interest (%)


     Indirectly held by the Company (Continued)
     Zaoqiang County Huisheng          The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
       Renewable Energy Limited          liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB35,000,000
       (“Zaoqiang Huisheng”)

     Qingyang County Hewu Renewable The PRC, limited          Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
       Energy Technology Limited      liability company        of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB51,000,000
       (“Qingyang Hewu”)

     Heshan City Hongde                The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
       Renewable Energy Limited          liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB85,000,000
       (“Heshan Hongde”)

     Xinyi Solar (Xiangyang) Limited   The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                    -
       (“Solar Xiangyang”)               liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB8,000,000

     Wuhu Xiangtai Solar Power         The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
      Development Limited                liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB45,000,000
      (“Wuhu Xiangtai”)

     Baoji Yilin Renewable Energy      The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                        100%                   —
       Limited (“Baoji Yilin”)           liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of USD2,100,000 and
                                                                                            nil paid up

     Xinan Renewable Energy            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
       (Anlu) Limited                    liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB75,000,000

     Xinmu Renewable Energy            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
       (Anlu) Limited                    liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB81,000,000

     Xinze Renewable Energy            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid up capital            100%                   —
       (Xiangyang) Limited               liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB88,000,000
       (“Xinze Xiangyang”)




88    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
    Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                                                       Proportion of
                                                                                                                     Proportion of   ordinary shares
                                      Place of               Principal activities        Particulars of            ordinary shares      held by non-
                                      incorporation and      and place of                issued share                  held by the        controlling
     Name                             kind of legal entity   operation                   capital                        Group (%)        interest (%)


    Indirectly held by the Company (Continued)
    Xinyi Renewable Energy            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                 100%                   —
      (Xiaochang) Limited               liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB8,000,000 and
      (“Xinyi Xiaochang”)                                                                  nil paid up

    Xinyi Solar (Haikou) Limited      The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital of              100%                   —
      (“Solar (Haikou)”)                liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     RMB 456,484,000 and
                                                                                           paid up capital
                                                                                           of RMB37,765,480

    Xinze Renewable Energy            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                 100%                   —
      (Kaiping) Limited                 liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB50,000,000 and
      (“Xinze Kaiping”)                                                                    nil paid up

    Xinyi Renewable Energy            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                 100%                    -
      (Hexian) Limited                  liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB73,000,000 and
      (“Xinyi Hexian”)                                                                     paid up capital
                                                                                           of RMB21,555,300

    Wuhu Xinfu Renewable              The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                 100%                   —
     Energy Limited                     liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB106,738,500 and
     (“Wuhu Xinfu”)                                                                        paid up capital
                                                                                           of RMB14,000,000

    Xinchuang Renewable               The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                 100%                   —
      Energy (Lianjiang) Limited        liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB1,000,000 and
      (“Xinchuang (Lianjiang)”)                                                            nil paid up

    Xinyun Solar (Qujing) Limited     The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                 100%                   —
      (“Xinyun Qujing”)                 liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB260,000,000 and
                                                                                           paid up capital
                                                                                           of RMB260,000,000

    Wuhu Xinzhi Renewable             The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                 100%                   —
     Energy Limited (“Wuhu Xinzhi”)     liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB212,946,000
                                                                                           and paid up capital
                                                                                           of RMB42,707,229.11




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED            89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                                                                Proportion of
                                                                                                                              Proportion of   ordinary shares
                                        Place of               Principal activities        Particulars of                   ordinary shares      held by non-
                                        incorporation and      and place of                issued share                         held by the        controlling
      Name                              kind of legal entity   operation                   capital                               Group (%)        interest (%)


     Indirectly held by the Company (Continued)
     Wuhu Xintu Renewable               The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                        100%                   —
      Energy Limited (“Xintu”)            liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB7,209,800 and
                                                                                             paid up capital
                                                                                             of RMB7,209,800

     Kaiping City Ruide Renewable       The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                        100%                   —
       Energy Limited                     liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB500,000 and
                                                                                             nil paid up

     Xinyun Renewable Energy            The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered capital                        100%                   —
       (Yunfu) Limited (“Yunfu”)          liability company     of solar farm in the PRC     of RMB64,934,000 and
                                                                                             paid up capital
                                                                                             of RMB7,179,700

     Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company The PRC, limited       Management and operation    Registered and paid-up capital            100%                   —
       Limited (“Jinzhai Wind Power”)     liability company     of wind farm in the PRC      of RMB12,195,129


     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected the
     results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the Directors, result in
     particulars of excessive length.




90    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



15. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD

                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


    At 1 January                                                                                    628                     —
    Capital injection                                                                                 —                   672
    Recognition of an associate upon disposal of interests in a subsidiary (Note 27)            494,410                     —
    Share of net profits/(loss)                                                                      57                   (91)
    Currency translation differences                                                                 17                    47

    At 31 December                                                                              495,112                   628


    The equity interests in the investments listed below are held by the Group at 31 December 2025.

                                        Place of                                                % of
                                        business/                                         ownership      Measurement
    Name of entity                      incorporation      Principal activities             interest     method


    Parkland Renewable Energy       Malaysia               Investment holding                    40%     Equity accounting
      Sdn. Bhd. (“Parkland Energy”)

    Parkland RPVI Sdn. Bhd.             Malaysia           Management and                        40%     Equity accounting
      (“Parkland RPVI”)                                     operation of
                                                            solar projects

    Ortus Synergy Sdn. Bhd. (“Ortus”) Malaysia             Provision of engineering,             22%     Equity accounting
                                                             procurement,
                                                             construction and
                                                             commissioning services
                                                             for solar photovoltaics
                                                             systems

    Parkland LSS5 Sdn Bhd (“LSS5”)      Malaysia           Management and                        40%     Equity accounting
                                                            operation of
                                                            solar projects

    Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) Limited       The PRC            Management and                        49%     Equity accounting
      (“Solar Tianjin”)                                     operation of solar
                                                            farm in PRC


    Parkland Energy, Parkland RPVI, Ortus, LSS5 and Solar Tianjin are private companies and there is no quoted market price
    available for their shares.

    As at 31 December 2025, there are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in Parkland Energy, Parkland
    RPVI, Ortus and Solar Tianjin.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



15. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (Continued)
     On 26 April 2024, Parkland Energy was incorporated as a joint venture of the Group, with registered capital of Malaysian
     Ringgit (“MYR”) 1,100,000. Parkland RPVI and LSS5 are wholly owned subsidiaries of Parkland Energy. Ortus is non-
     wholly owned subsidiary which is 55% owned by Parkland Energy.

     On 19 December 2025, Solar Tianjin was derecognised as a subsidiary and become an associate upon the disposal of
     51% equity interests of Solar Tianjin (Note 27(a)).

     Solar Tianjin, which is considered an investment accounted for using the equity method of the Group and the following
     table illustrates the summarised financial information in respect of Solar Tianjin:

                                                                                                                    2025
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


     Current assets                                                                                               338,702
     Non-current assets, excluding goodwill                                                                       671,573
     Current liabilities                                                                                         (147,169)
     Non-current liabilities                                                                                         (492)

     Net assets                                                                                                   862,614

     Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
     Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                                              49%

     Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill                                             422,681
     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                       72,380

     Carrying amount of the investment                                                                            495,061

     Summaries profit or loss and other comprehensive income
     Revenue since 20 December 2025 to 31 December 2025                                                              4,397
     Profit for the year since 20 December 2025 to 31 December 2025                                                  1,326
     Total comprehensive income since 20 December 2025 to 31 December 2025                                           1,326




92    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                              Motor vehicles,
                                                                                    furniture
                                                                                and fixtures,
                                                Solar and                        equipment
                                               wind farms           Buildings     and others                  Total
                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Year ended 31 December 2025
    At 1 January 2024
    Cost                                       16,472,006             179,089             30,329         16,681,424
    Accumulated depreciation                   (2,948,807)            (43,351)            (9,589)        (3,001,747)

    Net book amount                            13,523,199             135,738             20,740         13,679,677

    Opening net book amount                    13,523,199             135,738             20,740         13,679,677
    Additions (Note)                            2,352,430              15,013             10,552          2,377,995
    Disposal                                       (1,497)                  —               (257)            (1,754)
    Depreciation charge                          (650,424)             (6,153)            (3,403)          (659,980)
    Currency translation differences                 (990)                  —                  —               (990)

    Closing net book amount                    15,222,718             144,598             27,632         15,394,948

    At 1 January 2025
    Cost                                       18,902,748            196,196              42,109        19,141,053
    Accumulated depreciation                   (3,680,030)           (51,598)            (14,477)       (3,746,105)

    Net book amount                            15,222,718            144,598              27,632        15,394,948

    Opening net book amount                    15,222,718            144,598             27,632         15,394,948
    Additions (Note)                              759,441             46,080            212,134          1,017,655
    Disposal                                       (6,973)                 —                (68)            (7,041)
    Partial disposal of a subsidiary             (664,828)           (10,447)              (855)          (676,130)
    Depreciation charge                          (717,701)            (6,898)            (4,825)          (729,424)
    Currency translation differences                    —                  —                 (7)                (7)

    Closing net book amount                    14,592,657            173,333            234,011         15,000,001

    At 31 December 2025
    Cost                                       18,652,332            243,065            378,456         19,273,853
    Accumulated depreciation                   (4,059,675)           (69,732)          (144,445)        (4,273,852)

    Net book amount                            14,592,657            173,333            234,011         15,000,001




                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     Notes:

     In March and December 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of a solar farm project in Anhui with aggregate of 30 megawatts
     (“MW”) and 2 solar farm projects in Guangdong with aggregate of 200 MW in the PRC, respectively by way of acquiring all issued shares
     of Xinyu, Xinjie Solar (Wuhu) Limited, and Yunfu from Rise Trend Investment Limited, Grand Trend Investment Limited and Sky Jumbo
     International Limited, subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar.

     In December 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of a wind farm project in Anhui (“Jinzhai Wind Power”) with aggregate
     approved capacity of 64 MW, by way of acquiring 82% and 18% issued shares of Jinzhai Wind Power from Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)
     Company Limited (“Xinyi Energy Smart Wuhu”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited, and Anhui Xinyi Power Source Company
     Limited (“Anhui Xinyi Power Source”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited, respectively.

     In June, September and December 2024, the Group completed the acquisition of a solar farm project in Guangdong with aggregate
     approved capacity of 200 MW, 5 solar farm projects in Yunnan with aggregate approved capacity of 560 MW, and a solar farm project
     in Anhui with aggregate approved capacity of 100 MW in the PRC, respectively by way of acquiring all issued shares of Xinchuang
     (Lianjiang), Xinyun Qujing and Wuhu Xinzhi from Sun Wisdom Development Limited (“Sun Wisdom”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar.

     The Group accounted for these transactions as acquisition of assets.

                                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

     Depreciation charged in consolidated statement of profit or loss:
       – Cost of sales                                                                                    728,541              653,304
       – Administrative expenses                                                                              883                  832

                                                                                                          729,424              654,136



      Accounting policy of depreciation

      Depreciation of completed solar and wind farm commences when the solar and wind farm are successfully
      connected to grids and have completed trial operation. Depreciation of completed property, plant and equipment
      commences when the assets are ready for use.

      Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost, net of their residual values, over their
      estimated useful lives as follows:

      – Solar Farms                                                                     25 years
      – Wind Farm                                                                       20 years
      – Buildings                                                                       30 years
      – Motor vehicles, furniture and fixtures, equipment and others                    5-15 years




94    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17. LEASES
    The Group as a lessee

    The Group leases offices and land. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 2 to 30 years. Lease terms are
    negotiated on an individual basis but contain similar terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any
    covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

    Pursuant to the lease agreements signed with landlords, landlords have agreed to reimburse the Group in respect of
    any PRC taxes, levies or surtaxes, which may be imposed on the Group for the use of the land under the current PRC tax
    laws and regulations, in case the Group may be liable.

    (a)   Right-of-use assets

                                                                      Leasehold land             Office               Total
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2024                                                673,465              1,840            675,305
          Additions                                                           333,959                323            334,282
          Depreciation charge (Note 7)                                        (38,567)              (875)           (39,442)
          Currency translation differences                                          —                  3                  3

          As at 31 December 2024                                              968,857              1,291            970,148

          As at 1 January 2025                                               968,857               1,291           970,148
          Additions                                                          117,205                   —           117,205
          Partial disposal of a subsidiary                                   (27,394)                  —           (27,394)
          Depreciation charge (Note 7)                                       (49,524)               (876)          (50,400)
          Reassessment                                                       (29,070)                  —           (29,070)
          Currency translation differences                                         —                  (5)               (5)

          As at 31 December 2025                                             980,074                 410           980,484




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17. LEASES (Continued)
     (b)   Lease liabilities

           The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                     2025          2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


           Lease liabilities
           At 1 January                                                                            976,437      698,814
           Principal element of lease payments                                                     (70,923)     (73,005)
           Additions                                                                               101,359      305,305
           Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 27)                                                      (38,063)           —
           Interest for lease liabilities (Note 10)                                                 52,313       45,318
           Reassement                                                                              (29,503)           —
           Currency translation difference                                                              (3)           5

           At 31 December                                                                          991,617      976,437

           Analysed into:
           Current                                                                                  61,168       56,962
           Non-current                                                                             930,449      919,475

                                                                                                   991,617      976,437


     (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                     2025          2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
           Leasehold land                                                                              49,524    38,567
           Office                                                                                         876       875

                                                                                                       50,400    39,442

           Interest expense (included in finance cost)
           Leasehold land                                                                              52,259    45,218
           Office                                                                                          54       100

                                                                                                       52,313    45,318


     (d)   The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 28(d) to the financial statements.




96    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. GOODWILL

                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


   At 1 January                                                                                  273,950             311,941
   Impairment loss                                                                               (49,945)            (37,991)

   At 31 December                                                                                224,005             273,950


   For the purpose of impairment assessment, goodwill arising from:

   a)    Acquisition relating to five utility-scale ground-mounted solar farm projects in 2019 (the “2019 Acquisition”) is
         allocated to four cash-generating units under Xiaochang, Suiping, Shouxian and Wuwei, respectively;

   b)    Acquisition relating to three solar farm projects from Xinyi Power (BVI) Limited (“Xinyi Power (BVI)”) in 2020
         are allocated to three cash-generating units under Guangdong Shenke, Wuwei Xinchuang and Xiangyang,
         respectively;

   c)    Acquisition relating to two solar farm projects from independent third parties in 2020 are allocated to two cash-
         generating units under Wuwei Rihao and Anlu Jingshun, respectively;

   d)    Acquisition relating to six solar farm projects from Xinyi Power (BVI) in 2021 are allocated to six cash-generating
         units under Huaibei Xinyi, Zaoqiang Huisheng, Huainan Xinyi, Qingyang Hewu, Heshan Hongde, Solar (Xiangyang),
         respectively;

   e)    Acquisition relating to two solar farm projects from independent third parties in 2021 are allocated to two cash-
         generating units under Hubei Jingping and Wuhu Xiangtai respectively; and

   f)    Acquisition relating to a solar farm project from an independent third party in 2022 is allocated to a cash-
         generating unit under Baoji Yilin.

   The recoverable amounts of each cash-generating unit are determined based on higher of VIU or FVLCOD calculations
   covering a period of the useful lives of the solar farm projects. The valuation is considered to be level 3 in the fair value
   hierarchy due to unobservable inputs used in the valuation.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. GOODWILL (Continued)
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the management determined the recoverable amount of solar farm
     and wind farm projects acquired by the Group using FVLCOD calculation. The key assumptions and estimates used in
     determining the FVLCOD are as follows:

                                                                                                           Approach to
                                                                                                             determine
                                             31 December 2025       31 December 2024                    key assumption


     Cash flow forecast period                      18-21 years           19-22 years          Estimate with reference
                                                                                              to the remaining years of
                                                                                                         land use right

     Annual utilisation hours per MWp            900MWh/MWp           1,200MWh/MWp             Estimate with reference
                                            to 1,300MWh/MWp        to 1,367MWh/MWp               to industry report and
                                                                                                  weather information

     Feed-in-tariff                              RMB0.32/kWh             RMB0.01/kWh             Estimate by prevailing
                                              to RMB0.61/kWh          to RMB0.61/kWh               government policies
                                                                                                     and regulations on
                                                                                                           feed-in-tariff

     Degradation factor                   0.5%-0.6%per annum      0.5%-0.6%per annum           Estimate with reference
                                                                                                 to industry report and
                                                                                                  weather information

     Post-tax discount rate                           6.2%-8.4%            6.3%-8.7%         Estimate by benchmarking
                                                                                                  the cost of equity and
                                                                                                         cost of debt of
                                                                                                    market participants


     Management has engaged an independent external valuer to assist in performing impairment assessments for Group’s
     solar farm projects. Based on the impairment assessments performed, the recoverable amounts of five (2024: four)
     cash-generating units were below the carrying amounts. As a result, the Group made impairment provision for the
     goodwill amounting to RMB49,945,000 (2024: RMB37,991,000). The impairment loss is primarily resulted from the
     delay in settlement of tariff adjustment receivables.

     The recoverable amounts of the remaining cash-generating units would equal carrying amounts if the key assumptions
     at 31 December 2025 were to change as follows:

     Annual utilisation hours per MWp decrease by                                       36 MWh/MWp to 436 MWh/MWp
     Discount rate increases by                                                                        0.46% to 6.4%




98    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Accounting policy of goodwill

     Goodwill is measured as described in Note 35.2. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually,
     or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost
     less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of
     goodwill relating to the entity sold.

     Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those
     cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination
     in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is
     monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments. An impairment loss is recognised for
     the amount by which the cash-generating unit’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
     amount is the higher of its FVLCOD and VIU.


19. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


    Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                            4,124,666           4,247,035
    Less: Loss allowance for trade receivables (Note (b))                                     (41,247)            (42,470)

    Trade receivables, net                                                                  4,083,419           4,204,565

    Deposits and other receivables (Note (c))                                                  46,317              43,177
    Other tax receivables (Note (d))                                                          287,755             304,456
    Prepayments for land use rights and property, plant and equipment                          46,030              27,735
    Other prepayments                                                                          77,460              28,112

                                                                                            4,540,981           4,608,045

    Less: Non-current portion
          Prepayments for land use rights and property, plant and equipment                    (46,030)           (27,735)

    Current portion                                                                         4,494,951           4,580,310




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



19. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Trade receivables

               As at 31 December 2025, trade receivables comprised receivables from sales of electricity and tariff adjustment receivables. The
               category analysis of trade receivables is set out below:

                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


               Receivables from sales of electricity                                                            129,458              168,355
               Tariff adjustment receivables                                                                  3,995,208            4,078,680

                                                                                                              4,124,666            4,247,035



               Receivables from sales of electricity were usually settled on a monthly basis by the state-owned grid enterprises. Tariff
               adjustment receivables represent government subsidies on renewable energy to be received from the state-owned grid
               enterprises in accordance with prevailing government policies and prevalent payment pattern of the Ministry of Finance.

               During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group received aggregate payment of RMB894,889,000 (2024: RMB484,006,000)
               for the subsidies in relation to the solar power generation by the solar farm projects enlisted on the Renewable Energy
               Power Generation Project List. The Ministry of Finance does not set out a rigid timetable for the settlement of tariff adjustment
               receivables. However, given the collection of tariff adjustment receivables is well supported by the government policy, the
               collection of tariff adjustment receivables is expected in the normal operating cycle, and they are classified as current assets.

               The ageing analysis of trade receivables based on the Group’s revenue recognition policy is as follows:

                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


               0 to 90 days                                                                                     313,241              378,705
               91 days to 180 days                                                                              280,487              325,528
               181 days to 365 days                                                                             476,360              549,483
               Over 365 days                                                                                  3,054,578            2,993,319

                                                                                                              4,124,666            4,247,035



               The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in RMB.




100    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



19. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)
    Notes: (Continued)
    (b)    Loss allowance for trade receivables

          The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss
          allowance for trade receivable.

          Loss allowance for trade receivables of RMB41,247,000 was made by the Group as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
          RMB42,470,000).

          Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk is set out in Note 3.1(b).

    (c)   Deposits and other receivables

          Deposits and other receivables are all expected to be recoverable and therefore no provision was made. The ageing of deposits
          and other receivables was within one year. The carrying amounts of the Group’s deposits and other receivables are mainly
          denominated in RMB.

          The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of default and
          past due amounts. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.

    (d)   Other tax receivables

          Other tax receivables mainly represent value added tax (“VAT”) recoverable, which is creditable input VAT on purchase of
          property, plant and equipment. They will be offset against output VAT on sales of solar electricity and tariff adjustment. The
          balance is denominated in RMB.

    (e)   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate to their fair values.

    (f)   The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.


    Accounting policy of trade and other receivables

    Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of
    business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of
    the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

    Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
    effective interest method, less allowance for impairment.

    Accounting policy of impairment of trade and other receivables

    The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets carried at amortised
    cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
    Note 3.1(b) details how the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

    For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime
    losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

    Impairment on deposits and other receivables are measured at either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime
    expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
    recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of receivables has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment
    is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.



                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED       101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



20. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


      Cash at bank                                                                                           950,638         354,238
      Restricted cash (Note (a))                                                                               8,486           3,000

      Cash and bank balances (Note (b))                                                                      959,124         357,238

      Maximum exposure of credit risk                                                                        959,124         357,238


      Notes:

      (a)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, restricted cash at bank represents cash at bank with limited use purposes.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2025, funds of the Group amounting to RMB862,427,000 (2024: RMB334,172,000), RMB3,207,000 (2024:
               RMB2,022,000) and RMB5,382,000 (2024:nil) were deposited in bank accounts opened with banks in the PRC, Malaysia
               and Japan, respectively, where the remittance of funds is subject to foreign exchange control. The remaining funds of
               RMB88,108,000 (2024: RMB21,044,000) as at 31 December 2025 were deposited in reputable banks in Hong Kong.

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


      RMB                                                                                                    891,726         337,761
      JPY                                                                                                     44,787               —
      HK$                                                                                                     17,408          14,715
      US$                                                                                                      5,060           4,229
      MYR                                                                                                        143             533

                                                                                                             959,124         357,238




102    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



21. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                              2025                                   2024
                                                     Number of          Ordinary           Number of            Ordinary
                                                      ordinary         shares of             ordinary           shares of
                                                        shares      HK$0.01 each               shares       HK$0.01 each
                                                          ’000          HK$’000                  ’000           HK$’000


    Authorised:
    At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024
       and 2025                                     800,000,000         8,000,000        800,000,000           8,000,000



                                                              2025                                   2024
                                                     Number of          Ordinary           Number of            Ordinary
                                                      ordinary         shares of             ordinary           shares of
                                                        shares      HK$0.01 each               shares       HK$0.01 each
                                                          ’000         RMB’000                   ’000           RMB’000


    Issued and fully paid:
    At beginning of year                              8,376,654            72,497           8,256,589             71,412

    Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
       dividend of 2023 final dividend                       —                    —             6,346                    59
    Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
       dividend of 2024 interim dividend                     —                    —           113,719                  1,026
    Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
       dividend of 2024 final dividend (Note (a))       76,582                 702                   —                    —
    Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
       dividend of 2025 interim dividend
       (Note (b))                                       66,476                 609                   —                    —

    At the end of year                                8,519,712            73,808           8,376,654             72,497




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



21. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      On 10 June 2025, the shareholders approved in annual general meeting a final dividend of 2.7 HK cents per share for the
               year ended 31 December 2024. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip
               dividend. On 30 July 2024, 76,582,140 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$0.96 per share to shareholders who elected to
               receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

      (b)      On 1 August 2025, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 2.9 HK cents per share for the six months ended 30 June
               2025. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form of scrip dividend. On 10 October
               2025, 66,476,454 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$1.14 per share to shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu
               of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.


22. SHARE OPTIONS
      The Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) in November 2018. Under the Share Option
      Scheme, the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe
      for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily quotation
      sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of the Company
      as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding the day of the
      offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of
      the grant of an option.

      The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
      Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue upon
      completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company obtains further
      approval from the shareholders.

      The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be
      exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate,
      exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in issue from time to time.




104    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



22. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
    Movements in the number of share options granted by the Company to the employees of the Group and their related
    weighted average exercise prices are as follows:

                                                                   2025                                 2024
                                                         Average                                Average
                                                         exercise                               exercise
                                                         price per        Number of            price per         Number of
                                                     share option           options         share option           options


    As at 1 January                                      HK$3.23          10,801,676             HK$3.20         10,623,073
    Granted                                              HK$0.97           3,500,000             HK$1.12          3,500,000
    Forfeited                                            HK$2.02            (248,028)            HK$2.98         (1,624,607)
    Lapsed                                               HK$3.78          (1,930,468)            HK$2.18         (1,696,790)

    As at 31 December                                    HK$2.06          12,123,180             HK$2.72         10,801,676

    Vested and exercisable at 31 December                HK$4.76           2,210,180             HK$3.78          1,930,468


    During the year ended 31 December 2025, no option (2024: Nil) was exercised and a total of 1,930,468 options were
    lapsed due to expiration of the share options (2024: 1,696,790 options).

    Share options outstanding at the end of the year after adjustments of the exercise prices and the number of share
    options as a result of the rights issue completed in June 2023 have the following expiry date and exercise prices:

                                                                                                                 Remaining
                                                                                             Number of          contractual
                                                                           Adjusted        options as at     life of options
                                                                            Exercise       31 December      outstanding at
    Grant date                                       Expiry date               price              2025        end of period


    31 March 2022                                31 March 2026              HK$4.76            2,210,180          0.25 years
    1 June 2023                                  31 March 2027              HK$2.26            3,436,000          1.25 years
    28 March 2024                                31 March 2028              HK$1.12            3,006,000          2.25 years
    31 March 2025                                31 March 2029              HK$0.97            3,471,000          3.25 years

                                                                                Total        12,123,180

    Weighted average remaining contractual life of
     options outstanding at end of the year                                                                       1.89 years




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



22. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)

                                                                                                                                    Remaining
                                                                                                             Number of             contractual
                                                                                         Adjusted          options as at        life of options
                                                                                          Exercise         31 December         outstanding at
      Grant date                                                 Expiry date                 price                2024           end of period


      31 March 2021                                           31 March 2025               HK$3.78              1,930,468             0.25 years
      31 March 2022                                           31 March 2026               HK$4.76              2,247,208             0.25 years
      1 June 2023                                             31 March 2027               HK$2.26              3,518,000             1.25 years
      28 March 2024                                           31 March 2028               HK$1.12              3,106,000             2.25 years

                                                                                              Total           10,801,676

      Weighted average remaining contractual life of
       options outstanding at end of the year                                                                                        1.97 years


      Information in relation to the share options granted to the employees of the Group is as follows:

                                                                 Number of
                                                              share options               Exercise
                                                                   granted                   price
      Date of grant                                                 (Note 1)                 (HK$)       Validity period            Expiry date


      31 March 2021                                                2,480,000                  3.78     31 March 2021 to         31 March 2025
                                                                                           (Note 3)      31 March 2025
      31 March 2022                                                2,780,500                  4.76     31 March 2022 to         31 March 2026
                                                                                           (Note 3)      31 March 2026
      1 June 2023                                                  4,000,000                  2.26       1 June 2023 to         31 March 2027
                                                                                           (Note 2)      31 March 2027
      28 March 2024                                                3,500,000                  1.12     28 March 2024 to         31 March 2028
                                                                                           (Note 2)      31 March 2028
      31 March 2025                                                3,500,000                  0.97     31 March 2025 to         31 March 2029
                                                                                           (Note 2)      31 March 2029


      Notes:

      1.       One third of the options will vest on each of the year-end date within the three years after the date of the grant of the share
               options.

      2.       The exercise prices of the share options are equal to the average closing price of the Company’s share for the five trading days
               immediately preceding the respective dates of grant.

      3.       The exercise price of the share options is equal to the closing price of the Company’s share on the date of grant.




106    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



22. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
    The weighted average fair value of the share options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes
    valuation model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately
    HK$0.25 (2024: HK$0.32) per option. The significant inputs into the model are as follows:

                                                                                                  2025                  2024


    Share price, at the grant date (HK$)                                                          0.95                   1.11
    Exercise price (HK$)                                                                          0.97                   1.12
    Volatility (%)                                                                               49.04                  51.22
    Dividend yield (%)                                                                            5.26                   5.41
    Expected share option life (years)                                                            3.50                   3.51
    Annual risk-free interest rate (%)                                                            2.84                   3.40


    The volatility measured at the standard deviation of continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical
    analysis of daily share prices over the previous year. See Note 9 for the total expenses recognised in the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss for share options granted to employees of the Group.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. OTHER RESERVES

                                                                                                                          Share
                                                           Share     Statutory      Capital      Safety    Exchange      option
                                                        premium        reserve     reserve      reserve      reserve    reserve       Total
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                    (Note (a))   (Note (b))   (Note (c))


      At 1 January 2025                                 5,845,075    942,474     (131,551)      35,247     (443,480)     3,787     6,251,552
      Currency translation differences                          —          —            —            —       (6,847)         —        (6,847)
      Share of the other comprehensive income
         of investments accounted
         for equity method                                     —            —            —            —          17          —           17
      Release of reserve upon
         disposal of a subsidiary                              —           —             —            —      24,086          —       24,086
      Appropriation to safety reserve                          —           —             —        4,504           —          —        4,504
      Appropriation to statutory reserve                       —     101,990             —            —           —          —      101,990
      Employees’ share option scheme:
      - value of employee services (Note 9)                    —            —            —            —           —       1,192        1,192
      - release upon the lapse of share options                —            —            —            —           —      (1,836)      (1,836)
      Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
         dividend of 2024 final dividend (Note 21)        66,707            —            —            —           —          —       66,707
      Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
      of 2025 interim dividend (Note 21)                  68,778            —            —            —           —          —       68,778
      Dividend:
         – 2024 final dividend (Note 13)                (207,398)           —            —            —           —          —      (207,398)
         – 2025 interim dividend (Note 13)              (224,355)           —            —            —           —          —      (224,355)
      Transfer of reserves upon
         disposal of a subsidiary                              —    (109,818)            —       (2,099)          —          —      (111,917)

      At 31 December 2025                               5,548,807    934,646     (131,551)      37,652     (426,224)     3,143     5,966,473




108    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. OTHER RESERVES (Continued)

                                                                                                                          Share
                                                         Share    Statutory       Capital       Safety     Exchange      option
                                                      premium       reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve    reserve       Total
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                   (Note (a))   (Note (b))    (Note (c))


    At 1 January 2024                                 6,137,426   818,427       (132,967)      18,576      (327,596)     4,836    6,518,702
    Currency translation differences                          —         —              —            —      (115,931)         —     (115,931)
    Share of the other comprehensive income of
       investments accounted for equity method               —          —              —            —            47          —          47
    Appropriation to safety reserve                          —          —              —       16,671             —          —      16,671
    Appropriation to statutory reserve                       —    124,047              —            —             —          —     124,047
    Employees’ share option scheme:
    - value of employee services (Note 9)                    —           —             —            —             —       (440)        (440)
    - release upon the lapse of share options                —           —             —            —             —       (609)        (609)
    Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
       of 2023 final dividend (Note 21)                  6,129           —             —            —             —          —        6,129
    Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
       of 2024 interim dividend (Note 21)               77,991           —             —            —             —          —       77,991
    Dividend:
       – 2023 final dividend (Note 13)                (198,721)          —             —            —             —          —     (198,721)
       – 2024 interim dividend (Note 13)              (177,750)          —             —            —             —          —     (177,750)
    Change in ownership interest in subsidiaries
       without change of control                             —           —         1,416            —             —          —        1,416

    At 31 December 2024                               5,845,075   942,474       (131,551)      35,247      (443,480)     3,787    6,251,552


    Notes:

    (a)      The PRC subsidiaries are required to allocate 10% of their net profits to the statutory reserve fund until such fund reaches 50%
             of the companies’ registered capitals. The statutory reserve fund can be utilised, upon approval by the relevant authorities,
             to offset accumulated losses or to increase registered capital of the companies, provided that such fund is maintained at a
             minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capitals.

             During the year ended 31 December 2025, the boards of directors of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries resolved to appropriate
             approximately RMB101,990,000 (2024: RMB124,047,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. OTHER RESERVES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)      On 30 June 2015, Xinyi Solar transferred all 200 shares of Xinyi Energy (BVI) to the Company for a consideration of US$200
               (equivalent to RMB1,000) and thereafter Xinyi Energy (BVI) has been wholly-owned by the Company. Since then, the Company
               has become the holding company of the Group. Upon the transfer of shares of Xinyi Energy (BVI), the assets and liabilities of
               Xinyi Energy (BVI) and its subsidiaries, with aggregate net carrying amount on the same day of HK$166,209,000 (equivalent to
               RMB132,967,000), were transferred to the Company from Xinyi Solar.

               During the year ended 31 December 2024, an increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company, amounting to
               RMB1,416,000, was credited to the capital reserve in relation to the acquisition of 5% equity interests in Guangdong Jike New
               Energy Development Company Limited.

      (c)      Pursuant to the relevant PRC regulations, certain PRC subsidiaries are required to transfer production and maintenance funds
               at fixed rates based on revenue to a specific reserve account. The production and maintenance funds could be utilised when
               expenses or capital expenditures on production maintenance and safety measures are incurred. The amount of production and
               maintenance funds utilised would be transferred from the specific reserve account to retained earnings.


24. ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


      Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                               364,780             418,509
      Others (Note (b))                                                                                         81,455              47,373

                                                                                                               446,235             465,882
      Less: Non-current portion
            Retention payables for property, plant and equipment                                               (13,078)            (15,378)

      Current portion                                                                                          433,157             450,504


      Notes:

      (a)      The carrying amounts of accruals and other payables are mainly denominated in RMB and approximate to their fair values.

      (b)      The balance mainly comprises accruals of professional fees, interest for bank borrowings and accrued staff costs.




110    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



25. BANK BORROWINGS
   The bank borrowings are unsecured and repayable as follows:

                                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


   Within 1 year                                                                                         2,196,989            2,541,250
   Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                 1,251,138              840,041
   Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                 1,189,481            1,696,935
   More than 5 years                                                                                     2,659,640            2,252,248

                                                                                                         7,297,248            7,330,474
   Less: Non-current portion                                                                            (5,100,259)          (4,789,224)

   Current portion                                                                                       2,196,989            2,541,250


   Notes:

   (a)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, corporate guarantee was provided by the Company and its subsidiaries for the bank
            borrowings.

   (b)      The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the 2025 and 2024 reporting periods.

   (c)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, none of bank borrowings contained repayment on demand clause and was classified as
            current liabilities. These bank borrowings are repayable by instalments up to 2045 (2024: 2045).

   (d)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are approximate to their fair values
            and denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


            HK$                                                                                              53,970            1,521,340
            RMB                                                                                           7,243,278            5,809,134

                                                                                                          7,297,248            7,330,474



   (e)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, majority of bank borrowings bore floating interest rates and were exposed to
            interest rate changes.

            The effective interest rates per annum at reporting date were as follows:

                                                                                                               2025                 2024


            Bank borrowings                                                                                   2.53%                3.50%




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED       111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



25. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
      Accounting policy of borrowings

      Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
      carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is
      recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
      method.

      Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
      probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the drawdown occurs.
      To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is
      capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
      liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

26. DEFERRED TAX
      The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


      Deferred tax assets                                                                          168,366            278,633
      Set-off of deferred income tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                   (107,302)          (218,660)

      Net deferred income tax assets                                                                  61,064           59,973

      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    (357,814)          (480,854)
      Set-off of deferred income tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                         107,302            218,660

      Net deferred income tax liabilities                                                         (250,512)          (262,194)


      The net movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:

                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


      At 1 January                                                                                (202,221)          (205,698)
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Note 11)                            16,458              3,476
      Disposal of a subsidiary                                                                      (3,684)                 —
      Currency translation differences                                                                  (1)                 1

      At 31 December                                                                              (189,448)          (202,221)




112    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
    The movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
    offsetting balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:

                                                                         Temporary difference arising
                                                Lease liabilities          from trade receivables                      Total
                                                2025             2024          2025             2024               2025            2024
                                             RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000


    Deferred tax assets
    At 1 January                               252,505         173,127        26,128          24,516            278,633             197,643
    Credited/(charged) to the
       consolidated statement of
       profit or loss                        (100,193)          79,378            458             1,612          (99,735)            80,990
    Disposal of a subsidiary                   (9,768)               —           (764)                —          (10,532)                 —

    At 31 December                             142,544         252,505        25,822          26,128            168,366             278,633



                                     Fair value gains         Right-of-use-assets        Withholding tax                    Total
                                      2025          2024        2025         2024         2025         2024          2025          2024
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


    Deferred tax liabilities
    At 1 January                   246,475       257,103      219,379     145,255        15,000           983      480,854          403,341
    Charged/(credited) to the
       consolidated statement
       of profit or loss            (11,151)      (10,628)   (105,042)      74,125           —        14,017      (116,193)          77,514
    Disposal of a subsidiary              —             —      (6,848)           —           —             —        (6,848)               —
    Currency translation
       differences                       —               —          1           (1)          —             —                1            (1)

    At 31 December                 235,324       246,475      107,490     219,379        15,000       15,000       357,814          480,854



    Withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors by the foreign investment enterprises established
    in the PRC, in respect of earnings generated after 31 December 2007. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are held by
    intermediate holding companies incorporated in Hong Kong, which are subject to 5% withholding tax.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED           113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
      As at 31 December 2025, deferred income tax liabilities of RMB425,602,000 (2024: RMB376,401,000) were not
      recognised for withholding tax that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of subsidiaries in the PRC, using a 5%
      (2024: 5%) withholding tax rate. Deferred income tax liability is not recognised where the timing of the reversal of the
      temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
      foreseeable future. As at 31 December 2025, the related total unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax
      liabilities had not been recognised amounted to RMB8,512,049,000 (2024: RMB7,528,013,000).

      Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax loss carrying-forward to the extent that the realisation of the related tax
      benefit through future taxable profits is probable. As at 31 December 2025, there was no significant unrecognised tax
      loss (2024: Nil).




114    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



27. DERECOGNITION OF A SUBSIDIARY
    (a) Partial disposal of Solar Tianjin:

         On 19 December 2025, the Group completed the disposal of 51% equity interests of Solar Tianjin to an
         independent third party, Tianjin Binhai Construction Investment New Energy Company Limited (“Tianjin Binhai
         CINE”) (the “Disposal”). The Group’s equity interests in Solar Tianjin decreased from 100% to 49% following
         the Disposal. The Group lost control in Solar Tianjin upon completion of the Disposal but retained the power
         to exercise significant influence over Solar Tianjin. Therefore, Solar Tianjin is regarded as an associate of the
         Company and is accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                                   2025
                                                                                               Notes            RMB’000


         Net assets disposed of:
           Property, plant and equipment                                                         16              676,130
           Right-of-use assets                                                                   17               27,394
           Deferred tax assets                                                                   26                3,684
           Trade receivables                                                                                     302,655
           Prepayments and other receivables                                                                       1,040
           Bank balances                                                                                          29,578
           Other payables and accruals                                                                            (5,763)
           Amount due to a related company                                                                      (138,810)
           Tax payable                                                                                            (4,832)
           Lease liabilities                                                                     17              (38,063)

         Net assets derecognised upon completion of the Disposal                                                 853,013
         Release of exchange reserve upon disposal                                                                24,086
         Recognition of investments accounted for using the equity method                                       (494,410)
         Considerations to be settled in cash                                                                   (514,590)

         Gain on partial disposal                                                                               (131,901)



    (b) Net proceeds received from disposal:

                                                                                                                RMB’000


         Considerations to be settled in cash                                                                   514,590
         Bank balances disposed                                                                                 (29,578)

         Net proceeds received                                                                                  485,012




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



28. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)   Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


            Profit before income tax                                                         1,311,496         1,167,722
            Adjustments for:
              Interest income (Note 10)                                                         (3,090)           (2,602)
              Interest expense (Note 10)                                                       277,483           364,775
              Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment (Note 16)                   729,424           659,980
              Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 17)                              50,400            39,442
              Share options granted to employees (Note 8)                                        1,192              (440)
              Impairment loss of goodwill (Note 6)                                              49,945            37,991
              Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                           563               992
              Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL (Note 6)                         (3,555)           (4,888)
              Impairment losses on trade receivables                                             1,833             6,449
              Share of net (profits)/loss of investments accounted
                 for using the equity method (Note 15)                                             (57)                91
              Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 6)                                       (131,901)                 —
              Gain on lease of modification                                                       (433)                 —

                                                                                             2,283,300         2,269,512
            Changes in working capital:
              Increase in trade and other receivables                                         (220,169)          (655,861)
              Increase in accruals and other payables                                           74,080             28,830
              Decrease/(increase) in amounts due from related companies                         20,919               (427)
              (Increase)/decrease in restricted cash                                            (5,486)             7,837

            Cash generated from operations                                                   2,152,644         1,649,891



      (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


            Net book amount (Note 16)                                                            7,041              1,754
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                            (563)              (992)

            Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                              6,478                762




116    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



28. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
    (c)   Major non-cash transactions

                                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

          Acquisition of right-of-use assets                                                            68,451              305,305
          Plant and equipment purchased through increase in other payables                              14,510               50,909
          Issuance of shares in lieu of dividends                                                      136,796               85,205



    (d) Analysis of changes in financing activities during the year

                                                                                   Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                     Bank               Lease
                                                                               borrowings          liabilities           Total
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2024                                                  (5,715,530)            (698,814)         (6,414,344)
          Cash flows                                                            (1,478,208)              73,005          (1,405,203)
          Currency translation differences                                        (126,928)                  (5)           (126,933)
          Interest on lease liabilities                                                  —              (45,318)            (45,318)
          Inception of leases                                                            —             (305,305)           (305,305)
          Other non-cash movements                                                   (9,808)                  —              (9,808)

          As at 31 December 2024                                                (7,330,474)            (976,437)         (8,306,911)

          As at 1 January 2025                                                  (7,330,474)            (976,437)         (8,306,911)
          Cash flows                                                                33,226               70,923             104,149
          Currency translation differences                                               —                    3                   3
          Interest on lease liabilities                                                  —              (52,313)            (52,313)
          Inception of leases                                                            —              (68,451)            (68,451)
          Gain on lease of modification                                                  —               29,503              29,503
          Purchases of right-of-use assets                                               —              (32,908)            (32,908)
          Disposal of a subsidiary                                                       —               38,063              38,063

          As at 31 December 2025                                                (7,297,248)            (991,617)         (8,288,865)


          Note:

          The other non-cash movements are mainly the reclassification of non-current borrowings that will mature within 1 year.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED       117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



28. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
      (e) Total cash outflow for leases

            The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


            Within financing activities                                                                  70,923              73,005



29. BANKING FACILITIES
      The banking facilities made available to subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Banking facilities granted to subsidiaries of the Company without securities:
        – Available facilities                                                                      12,489,240          11,464,926
        – Facilities utilised                                                                       (8,758,734)         (7,342,475)

      Unutilised facilities                                                                          3,730,506            4,122,451



30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      As at 31 December 2025, 50.75% (2024: 51.62%) of the Company’s shares are held by Xinyi Solar and its subsidiary. Dr.
      LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin,
      Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching Leung (together, the “Equity Investors”) in aggregate owns 19.04%
      (2024: 18.52%) of the Company’s shares. 5.73% (2024: 5.54%) of the shares are held by Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
      (“Xinyi Glass”) and its subsidiaries, and the remaining 24.48% (2024: 24.32%) of the shares are widely held.

      The Company’s controlling shareholders include Xinyi Solar and its subsidiary and the Equity Investors. The Equity
      Investors are also the controlling shareholders of Xinyi Solar, holding 26.83% (2024: 26.50%) of the shares of Xinyi Solar
      in issue as at 31 December 2025.




118    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a) Related party transactions

        The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group and its related parties in
        the ordinary course of business during the year.

                                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


        One-off transactions
        Consideration paid for acquisition of subsidiaries from fellow subsidiaries                     80,132              676,451
        Consideration paid for acquisition of 82% equity interests in a subsidiary
          from Xinyi Energy Smart Wuhu                                                                  50,840                     —
        Consideration paid for acquisition of 18% equity interest in a subsidiary
          from Anhui Xinyi Power Source                                                                 11,160                     —

        Continuing transactions
        Solar farm operation and management services fees received
           from subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar (Note)                                                        8,930              11,485
        Sales of green electricity certificate to Xinyi Solar                                             1,396                   —
        Interest income on loan to an investment accounted
           for using the equity method                                                                      653                    —


        Note:

        The transactions constituted continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The transactions
        were conducted at mutually agreed prices and terms.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED       119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b) Balances with related parties

                                                                               2025      2024
                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000


           Due from related parties:
              due from fellow subsidiaries
                – Chaohu Jindao Photovoltaic Power Generation
                    Company Limited (“Chaohu Jindao”)*                            —        24
                – Hepu County Xinyi Renewable Energy Limited*                   301        71
                – Hepu County Xinyi Solar Limited*                               94       251
                – Kaiping City Ruide Renewable Energy Limited*                    —        49
                – Taonan Runhe Risheng Photovoltaic Agricultural
                    Development Company Limited*                                 26        61
                – Wuhu Xinbai Renewable Energy Limited* (“Wuhu Xinbai”)           —        60
                – Xinyi Photovoltaic (Qujing) Limited*                            —        94
                – Xinyi Solar (Bozhou) Limited (“Xinyi Solar (Bozhou)”) *       103        89
                – Xinyi Solar (Jinzhai) Limited*                                336       367
                – Xinyi Solar (Wangjiang) Limited*                              252       210
                – Xinyun Renewable Energy (Yunfu) Limited *                       —        60

                                                                              1,112     1,336

              due from investments accounted for using the equity method
                – Parkland Energy                                            15,532     2,235
                – Solar Tianjin                                             138,810         —

                                                                            154,342     2,235

                                                                            155,454     3,571




120    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b) Balances with related parties

                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


         Due to related parties:
             due to fellow subsidiaries
               – Chaohu Jindao*                                                                     (26)                 —
               – Wuhu Xinbai*                                                                       (17)                 —
               – Rise Trend*                                                                     (1,484)                 —
               – Grand Trend*                                                                    (2,992)                 —
               – Sky Jumbo*                                                                      (3,570)                 —
               – Sun Wisdom*                                                                    (83,453)           (85,912)
               – Anhui Xinhao New Energy Company Limited*                                          (806)                 —
               – Xinyi Energy Smart Wuhu^                                                        (5,084)                 —
               – Anhui Xinyi Power Source@                                                       (1,116)                 —
               – Auhui Xinyi New Material Technology Company Limited@                           (14,044)                 —

                                                                                              (112,592)            (85,912)

             due to non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary of the Group
               – STI Co.,Ltd                                                                     (4,996)                 —
               – PINETREE CO., LTD                                                               (1,655)                 —

                                                                                                 (6,651)                 —

                                                                                              (119,243)            (85,912)


         *      Companies under control of Xinyi Solar

         ^
                Companies under control of Xinyi Glass

         @
                Companies under control of Equity Investors

    The amounts due from and due to fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. The
    amounts approximate to their fair values and are denominated in RMB.

    The amount due from Parkland Energy bears interest rate of 6.63%, unsecured and repayable on demand. The amount
    approximate to its fair value and is denominated in MYR. The remaining balance due from investment accounted for
    using the equity method is unsecured and repayable on demand, and the amount approximate to its fair value and is
    denominated in MYR.

    The amounts due to non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary of the Group are unsecured, interest free and
    repayable on demand. The amounts approximate to their fair values and are denominated in JPY.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c)   Leases

                                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                            Notes        RMB’000             RMB’000


            Interest expense on lease liabilities in relation to office area
              recognised by the Group as a lessee to related parties:
              – Cheer Wise Investment Limited (“Cheer Wise”)                               (i), (iii)             5                   6
                  – Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu) Company Limited
                      (“Xinyi Energy Smart”)                                               (i), (iv)            49                  94
                  – Xinde Gong Yuan (Wuhu) Limited (“Xinde (Wuhu)”)                        (ii), (v)            37                  73

                                                                                                                91                 173


            Notes:

            (i)      Both companies under control of Xinyi Glass, a major shareholder of Xinyi Solar.

            (ii)     The company under the control of Equity Investors.

            (iii)    Approximate 30 square meter (“sq.m.”) office area in Hong Kong was provided by Cheer Wise for the Group’s operations
                     with rental mutually agreed.

            (iv)     Approximate 1,500 sq.m. office area in Wuhu has been provided by Xinyi Energy Smart for the Group’s occupations with
                     rental mutually agreed.

            (v)      Approximate 980 mu land area in Wuhu has been provided by Xinde (Wuhu) for the Group’s occupations with rental
                     mutually agreed.


      (d) Key management compensation

            Key management includes executive and non-executive directors as well as senior management.

            The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                       8,412              10,933
            Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                            82                  82
            Share options granted                                                                             254                 149

                                                                                                            8,748              11,164




122    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


    Financial assets at amortised cost
      Trade and other receivables                                                            4,129,736           4,247,742
      Amounts due from related companies                                                       155,454               3,571
      Restricted cash                                                                            8,486               3,000
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                950,638             354,238

                                                                                             5,244,314           4,608,551

    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Accruals and other payables excluding accruals of staff costs and
        other taxes payables                                                                   427,711             450,744
      Bank borrowings                                                                        7,297,248           7,330,474
      Amounts due to related companies                                                         119,243              85,912
      Lease liabilities                                                                        991,617             976,437

                                                                                             8,835,819           8,843,567




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



32. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                             Notes           RMB’000            RMB’000


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                          4,202,118           4,411,018

      Current assets
      Prepayments                                                                                755                 118
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                        4,543,653           4,742,301
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                4,833                 689

      Total current assets                                                                 4,549,241           4,743,108

      Total assets                                                                         8,751,359           9,154,126

      EQUITY
      Capital and reserves attributable to the equity
        holders of the Company
      Share capital                                                           21              73,808              72,497
      Share premium                                                           (a)          5,548,807           5,845,075
      Share option reserve                                                    (a)              3,143               3,787
      Exchange reserve                                                        (a)            361,091             654,234
      Accumulated losses                                                      (a)           (120,909)           (140,175)

      Total equity                                                                         5,865,940           6,435,418

      LIABILITIES
      Current liabilities
      Accruals and other payables                                                              3,778               3,373
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                          2,881,641           2,715,335

      Total current liabilities                                                            2,885,419           2,718,708

      Total equity and liabilities                                                         8,751,359           9,154,126


      The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2026 and
      was signed on its behalf.




      LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.                                   TUNG Fong Ngai
      Chairman and Executive Director                         Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director



124    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



32. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
    Note:

    (a)     Movements of share premium, share option reserve and accumulated losses of the Company

                                                                 Share          Share option          Exchange        Accumulated
                                                              premium                reserve            reserve             losses
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

            At 1 January 2024                                 6,137,426                4,836            451,315           (393,117)
            Profit for the year                                       —                    —                  —            252,333
            Currency translation difference                           —                    —            202,919                  —
            Employees’ share option scheme:
               – value of employee services (Note 8)                  —                 (440)                 —                    —
               – release upon the lapse of share options              —                 (609)                 —                  609
            Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
               dividend of 2023 final dividend (Note 21)          6,129                    —                  —                    —
            Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
            of 2024 interim dividend (Note 21)                   77,991                    —                  —                    —
            Dividend:
               – 2023 final dividend(Note 13)                  (198,721)                   —                  —                    —
               – 2024 interim dividend (Note 13)               (177,750)                   —                  —                    —

            At 31 December 2024                               5,845,075                3,787            654,234           (140,175)

            At 1 January 2025                                 5,845,075                3,787           654,234            (140,175)
            Profit for the year                                       —                    —                 —              17,430
            Currency translation difference                           —                    —          (293,143)                  —
            Employees’ share option scheme:
               – value of employee services (Note 8 )                 —                1,192                  —                    —
               – release upon the lapse of share options              —               (1,836)                 —                 1,836
            Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
               dividend of 2024 final dividend (Note 21)        66,707                     —                  —                    —
            Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
               dividend of 2025 interim dividend
               (Note 21)                                        68,778                     —                  —                    —
            Dividend:
               – 2024 final dividend (Note 13)                (207,398)                    —                  —                    —
               – 2025 interim dividend (Note 13)              (224,355)                    —                  —                    —

            At 31 December 2025                               5,548,807                3,143           361,091            (120,909)




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



33. CONTINGENCIES
      The Company and the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).

34. EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
      No significant event has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.

35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      This note provides a list of other potentially material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these
      consolidated financial statements. These consolidated policies have been consistently applied to all the years
      presented, unless otherwise stated. The consolidated financial statements are for the Group consisting of Xinyi Energy
      Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries.

      35.1 Consolidation

           35.1.1 Subsidiaries

                 Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                 controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
                 with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are
                 consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the
                 date that control ceases.

                 The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the Group (refer to
                 Note 35.2).

                 Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
                 eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
                 of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
                 consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                 Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
                 statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
                 changes in equity and consolidated statement of financial position respectively.

           35.1.2 Changes in ownership interests

                 The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                 transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                 between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
                 interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
                 interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
                 attributable to owners of the Company.




126    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    35.1 Consolidation (continued)

         35.1.2 Changes in ownership interests (continued)

               When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control or
               significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in
               carrying amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
               initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate
               or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect
               of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This
               may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to the
               consolidated statement of profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted
               by applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards.

    35.2 Business combinations

         The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations including business
         combination under common control, regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The
         consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:

         •     fair values of the assets transferred;

         •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business;

         •     equity interests issued by the Group;

         •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement; and

         •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

         Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
         limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
         controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-
         controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

         Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

         The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity,
         and acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity over the fair value of the
         net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the net
         identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in the consolidated statement of
         profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      35.2 Business combinations (Continued)

           Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted
           to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing
           rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under
           comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability.
           Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value
           recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
           held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising
           from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      35.3 Separate financial statements

           Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of
           investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and
           receivable.

           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
           investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend
           is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying
           amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

      35.4 Foreign currency translation

           (a)   Functional and presentation currency

                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency
                 of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The
                 consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and the Group’s
                 presentation currency. The financial statements of the Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are
                 prepared in RMB, which is the functional currency of these subsidiaries.

           (b)   Transactions and balances

                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                 prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange
                 gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end
                 exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the
                 consolidated statement of profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they are attributable to part of the net
                 investment in a foreign operation.




128    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    35.4 Foreign currency translation (Continued)

         (b)   Transactions and balances (Continued)

               Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss within “other
               gains/(losses), net”.

               Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
               rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities
               carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences
               on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVPL are recognised in profit or loss as part of
               the fair value gain or loss and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities classified as
               fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised in other comprehensive income.

         (c)   Group companies

               The results and statement of financial position of all the foreign operations (none of which has the currency
               of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
               are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

               (i)     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing
                       rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

               (ii)    income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss are translated at average exchange rates
                       (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing
                       on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of
                       the transactions); and

               (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

               On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities
               are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, the associated exchange
               differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

               Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
               liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency translation differences arising are
               recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      35.5 Property, plant and equipment

           Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
           subsequent accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the
           acquisition of the items.

           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
           only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
           cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate
           asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the
           reporting period in which they are incurred.

           Construction in progress represents solar and wind farm and buildings on which construction work has not been
           completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for generation of electricity income
           purposes. Construction in progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditures
           incurred and interest and other direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment
           losses. On completion, construction in progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and
           equipment.

           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting period.

           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount
           is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
           recognised within “Other gains/(losses), net” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      35.6 Impairment of non-financial assets

           The Group’s accounting policy for impairment of goodwill is explained in Note 18. Other assets are tested
           for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
           recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
           recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s FVLCOD and VIU. For the purposes of
           assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash
           inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating
           units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of
           the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




130    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    35.7 Financial assets

         (a)   Classification

               The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

               •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or
                     through profit or loss); and

               •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

               The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
               contractual terms of the cash flows.

               For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
               comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend
               on whether the group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the
               equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

               The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
               changes.

         (b)   Recognition and derecognition

               Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the
               Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive
               cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
               substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      35.7 Financial assets (Continued)

           (c)   Measurement

                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
                 assets not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.
                 Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                 Debt instruments

                 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the
                 asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the
                 group classifies its debt instruments:

                 •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                       represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income
                       from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method.
                       Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in
                       “Other gains/(losses), net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are
                       presented as separate line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                 •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                       where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at
                       FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for
                       the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                       which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or
                       loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss
                       and recognised in “Other gains/(losses), net”. Interest income from these financial assets is included
                       in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are
                       presented in “Other gains/(losses), net” and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item
                       in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                 •     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or
                       loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and
                       presented net within “Other gains/(losses), net” in the period in which it arises.

           (d)   Cash flows

                 The Group reports its investing cash flows arising from financial assets on a gross basis, except for cash
                 receipts and payments for items in which the turnover is quick, the amounts are large, and the maturities
                 are short.




132    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    35.8 Offsetting financial instruments

         Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial
         position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
         settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must
         not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of
         default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the counterparty.

    35.9 Impairment of financial assets

         The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets carried at
         amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
         increase in credit risk. Note 3 details how the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in
         credit risk.

         The Group’s accounting policy for impairment of trade and other receivables is explained in Note 19. Amounts due
         from related parties, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents are measured at either 12-month expected
         credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in
         credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of receivables has occurred since initial
         recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

    35.10 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash

         For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand,
         deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
         months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk
         of changes in value.

         Bank deposits which are restricted to use are included in “restricted cash” and are excluded from cash and cash
         equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

    35.11 Share capital

         Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
         options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

    35.12 Accruals and other payables

         Accruals and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the
         normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

         Other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
         effective interest method.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED     133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      35.13 Borrowing costs

           General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
           qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended
           use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
           intended use or sale.

           Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
           qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year in which they are
           incurred.

      35.14 Provisions

           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events;
           it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been
           reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

           Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
           determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of
           an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

           Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation
           using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
           the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

      35.15 Current and deferred income tax

           The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
           on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
           attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

           (a)   Current income tax

                 The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                 at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries and associates
                 operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns
                 with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers
                 whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures
                 its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method
                 provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.




134    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    35.15 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

         (b)   Deferred income tax

               Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
               the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
               However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
               Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
               transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
               nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
               Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
               enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax
               asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

               Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
               utilise those temporary differences and losses.

               Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
               amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing
               of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the
               foreseeable future.

               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
               assets and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current
               tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends
               either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

               Current and deferred income tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
               recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in
               other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      35.16 Employee benefits

           (a)   Short-term obligations

                 Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave that are
                 expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render
                 the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period
                 and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are
                 presented as current employee benefit obligations in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           (b)   Pension obligations

                 The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                 separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees
                 and by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group
                 pays fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay
                 further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to
                 employee service in the current and prior periods.

                 The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are
                 recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an
                 asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

           (c)   Employee leave entitlements

                 Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
                 for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
                 reporting period.

                 Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

           (d)   Bonus plans

                 The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                 consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group
                 recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
                 constructive obligation.




136    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    35.17 Share-based payments

        (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

              The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which the entity receives
              services from employees as consideration of equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value of the
              employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The total
              amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

              •     including any market performance conditions (for example, the entity’s share price);

              •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                    profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time
                    period); and

              •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to
                    save or hold shares for a specific period of time).

              Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are expected
              to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the
              specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

              At the end of each reporting period, the entities revise their estimates of the number of options that are
              expected to vest based on the non-market marketing performance and service conditions. It recognised
              the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a
              corresponding adjustment to equity.

              When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
              attributable transaction cost are credited to share capital (and share premium).

        (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities

              The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
              in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
              reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
              subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED    137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      35.18 Leases

           Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
           available for use by the Group.

           Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
           the net present value of the fixed payments.

           The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
           determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
           being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset
           of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and
           conditions.

           Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
           the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance for each period.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability and
           any lease payments made at or before the commencement date.

           Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
           a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
           depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

           Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line
           basis as an expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term
           of 12 months or less.

      35.19 Dividend distribution

           Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the
           discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting
           period.




138    ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    35.20 Interest income

         Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in the net fair value gains/(losses) on these assets as part
         of “Other gains/(losses), net”.

         Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method is recognised
         in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned
         from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes, details are disclosed in Note 10.

         Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method. When a financial
         asset at amortised cost is impaired, the Group reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, being
         the estimated future cash flow discounted at original effective interest rate of the financial asset, and continues
         unwinding the discount as interest income. Interest income on impaired financial assets at amortised cost are
         recognised using the original effective interest rate.

    35.21 Earnings per share

         (a)   Basic earnings per share

               Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

               •     the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than
                     ordinary shares; and

               •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted
                     for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

         (b)   Diluted earnings per share

               Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
               into account:

               •     the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential
                     ordinary shares; and

               •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                     assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED   139
FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                       2025          2024          2023            2022          2021
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


Result
Revenue                                            2,453,308     2,440,447     2,280,821       1,970,852     1,908,080
Cost of sales                                       (937,248)     (840,717)     (732,440)       (583,975)     (512,702)

Gross profit                                       1,516,060     1,599,730     1,548,381       1,386,877     1,395,378

Profit before income tax                           1,311,496     1,167,722     1,175,075       1,069,075     1,210,471
Income tax expense                                  (301,875)     (376,220)     (275,229)       (253,657)     (184,066)

Profit for the year                                1,009,621      791,502        899,846        815,418      1,026,405

Profit attributable to:
  – the equity holders of the company              1,010,712      790,851        898,292        813,234      1,024,304
  – non-controlling interest                          (1,091)         651          1,554          2,184          2,101

                                                   1,009,621      790,502        899,846        815,418      1,026,405



                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                       2025          2024          2023            2022          2021
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


Assets and Liabilities
Total assets                                      22,416,225    21,668,501    19,263,243      17,844,199    17,334,714
Total liabilities                                  9,177,928     9,164,016     7,133,624       7,318,250     7,065,289

                                                  13,238,297    12,504,485    12,129,619      10,525,949    10,269,425

Equity
Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                          13,238,688    12,504,485    12,119,808      10,517,692    10,263,352
Non-controlling interests                               (391)            —         9,811           8,257         6,073

                                                  13,238,297    12,504,485    12,129,619      10,525,949    10,269,425




140      ANNUAL REPORT 2025  XINYI ENERGY HOLDINGS LIMITED
