江蘇正力新能電池技術股份有限公司
Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code : 3677




2026                                   INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS
02   Corporate Information

04   Financial Summary

05   Management Discussion and Analysis

25   Corporate Governance and Other Information

33   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
        Other Comprehensive Income

34   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

36   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

37   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

40   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

52   Definitions
02   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Executive Directors                                    Ms. Xu Jing
                                                            Ms. Ho Wing Nga (an associate member of
     Ms. Cao Fang (Chairperson of the Board)
                                                              The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute
     Mr. Chen Jicheng
                                                              and The Chartered Governance Institute in the
     Mr. Yu Zhexun
                                                              United Kingdom)

     Non-executive Director
                                                            AUDITOR
     Mr. Zhang Li
                                                            Ernst & Young
                                                            Certified Public Accountants
     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
     Mr. Xu Zhiming
     Mr. Gong Zhengliang                                    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
     Ms. Xiao Min
                                                            Ms. Cao Fang
                                                            Ms. Ho Wing Nga
     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     Mr. Gong Zhengliang (Chairperson)                      PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     Ms. Xiao Min
                                                            Changshu Sub-branch of Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
     Mr. Zhang Li
                                                            Units 109 & 201 Yiyuan Century Plaza
                                                            No. 19, Haiyu North Road
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                            Changshu, Jiangsu
     Ms. Cao Fang (Chairperson)                             PRC
     Mr. Chen Jicheng
     Mr. Xu Zhiming                                         Changshu Southeast Development Zone Sub-branch of
     Mr. Gong Zhengliang                                    China Construction Bank Corporation
     Ms. Xiao Min                                           Room 104, Building 5, Southeast Yunzhi Business Center
                                                            No. 10 Wuqu Road
     REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION                            Dongnan Community
     COMMITTEE                                              Changshu, Jiangsu
     Mr. Xu Zhiming (Chairperson)                           PRC
     Ms. Cao Fang
     Mr. Chen Jicheng
     Mr. Gong Zhengliang
     Ms. Xiao Min
                                                                                      2026 Interim Report   03




                                                                           CORPORATE INFORMATION




REGISTERED OFFICE, HEADQUARTER AND                  COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA                Maxa Capital Limited
No. 68 Xin’anjiang Road                             Unit 2602
Dongnan Community                                   26/F, Golden Centre
Changshu, Jiangsu Province                          188 Des Voeux Road Central
PRC                                                 Sheung Wan
                                                    Hong Kong
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
KONG                                                INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
46/F, Hopewell Centre                               3677@zenergy.cn
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai                                             COMPANY WEBSITE
Hong Kong
                                                    www.zenergy.cn

H SHARE REGISTRAR                                   STOCK CODE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                    3677
Shops 1712-1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong
04   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     FINANCIAL SUMMARY


     OVERVIEW
     During the Reporting Period, revenue of the Group increased by 71.4% from RMB3,172.0 million for the six months ended June 30,
     2025 to RMB5,438.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026; gross profit of the Group increased by 19.6% from RMB568.7
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB680.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026; net profit for the period
     of the Group increased by 68.6% from RMB220.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB371.6 million for the six
     months ended June 30, 2026; earnings per share of the Company increased by 66.7% from RMB0.09 for the six months ended June
     30, 2025 to RMB0.15 for the six months ended June 30, 2026.


     KEY FINANCIAL INDEX
                                                                        For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2026                    2025            YOY change
                                                                             Unaudited               Unaudited
                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Revenue                                                                 5,438,405               3,172,028                  71.4%
      Gross profit                                                              680,365                 568,684                  19.6%
      Net profit                                                                371,644                 220,425                  68.6%
      Net profit margin of sales (%)                                                 6.8                     6.9                      /
      Earnings per share
         Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                    0.15                    0.09                 66.7%
                                                                                                                2026 Interim Report     05



                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY OVERVIEW                                                   In terms of policies, the national 15th Five-Year Plan and
                                                                    the Notice of the Eight Departments including the Ministry
EV Battery Market
                                                                    of Industry and Information Technology on Printing and
According to data from the China Association of Automobile          Distributing the Work Plan for Stable Growth of the Automotive
Manufacturers, sales of new energy vehicles in China                Industry (2025-2026) further clarified the core position of new
maintained an upward trend in the first half of 2026. From          energy vehicles in the green and low-carbon strategy, and
January to June 2026, sales of new energy vehicles in China         provided systematic support in areas such as technological
amounted to approximately 7.446 million units (including            innovation, infrastructure construction and industrial chain
exports), representing a year-on-year increase of 7.3%, while       coordination. Coupled with the in-depth implementation of
exports of new energy vehicles from China reached 2.355             consumption incentive policies such as “trade-in” programmes,
million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.2 times.   potential market demand is expected to continue to be
In overseas markets, supported by relevant policies, the vehicle    released, driving the steady increase in new energy vehicle
electrification rate in Europe increased. According to data from    penetration rate and bringing considerable structural growth
the European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association (ACEA),          opportunities to the EV battery industry.
sales of new vehicles in the EU market reached 5.897 million
units in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year        Taking into account policy orientation and global market
increase of 5.7%. By power source, hybrid electric vehicles         demand trends, the Company will continue to focus on
accounted for 37.3% of total sales in the EU market in the first    technological innovation and capacity optimisation, deeply
half of the year, with their market share increasing by 2.5%        participate in the green energy transition, and contribute to
compared with the corresponding period last year, while             the high-quality growth and sustainable development of the
battery electric vehicles accounted for 20.7% of total sales,       industry.
with their market share increasing by 5.1% compared with
the corresponding period last year. Electrification rates also      Energy Storage Market
increased across emerging markets such as South America,
                                                                    Global demand for renewable energy installations and
Southeast Asia, Japan and Korea.
                                                                    energy storage continued to grow in tandem. According to
                                                                    data from SNE Research, the energy storage battery market
As the battery capacity per new energy vehicle continues to
                                                                    recorded significant growth from January to June 2026, with
increase, the growth in global EV battery sales has outpaced
                                                                    global energy storage battery deliveries reaching 461.3 GWh,
the growth in new energy vehicle sales. According to data from
                                                                    representing a year-on-year increase of 71%. Energy storage
SNE Research, from January to June 2026, global sales of new
                                                                    battery manufacturers remained highly concentrated by region,
energy vehicles amounted to 9.906 million units, representing
                                                                    with Chinese enterprises accounting for approximately 90% of
a year-on-year increase of 5.5%; the global installed capacity of
                                                                    the global market. From a regional perspective, end demand
EV batteries (including HEVs) reached 608.5 GWh, representing
                                                                    became more diversified, while overseas energy storage battery
an increase of 101.4 GWh and a year-on-year increase of 20.0%;
                                                                    deliveries grew strongly. Non-China regions accounted for more
overseas EV battery installations amounted to approximately
                                                                    than half of global deliveries for the first time, with aggregate
269 GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.3%.
                                                                    deliveries in North America, Europe and other regions reaching
Among the top 10 manufacturers in terms of overseas
                                                                    258.7 GWh, representing approximately 56% of the global total.
installations, the aggregate market share of Chinese enterprises
                                                                    Deliveries in North America and Europe increased by 83% and
increased from 44.2% in the corresponding period last year to
                                                                    74%, respectively. By application scenario, grid-side energy
55.1%, with growth significantly outpacing the market average,
                                                                    storage battery deliveries reached 347 GWh, representing the
further strengthening the dominant position of Chinese EV
                                                                    largest market share of 75.2%, while user-side energy storage
battery shipments globally.
                                                                    battery deliveries reached 47.7 GWh, representing the fastest
                                                                    growth rate of 128% and more than doubling year-on-year.
06   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     According to the national 15th Five-Year Plan, new-type energy       Low-altitude Economy
     storage is one of the six emerging pillar industries. The National
                                                                          The national 15th Five-Year Plan has designated the
     Development and Reform Commission and the National
                                                                          low-altitude economy as a strategic emerging pillar
     Energy Administration issued the 15th Five-Year Plan for the
                                                                          industry, promoting reform of airspace classification and
     Development of New Power Systems, which proposes that by
                                                                          grading, improving regulations, standards and low-altitude
     2030, non-fossil energy should account for 50% of electricity
                                                                          infrastructure, strengthening the manufacturing industry
     generation, while accelerating the large-scale construction of
                                                                          chain for unmanned aircraft and electric vertical take-off and
     new-type energy storage power stations, with the national
                                                                          landing aircraft (eVTOL), expanding application scenarios
     scale of new-type energy storage reaching 300 million kW by
                                                                          such as logistics, air transportation and emergency response,
     2030.
                                                                          establishing a safety supervision system, and building a
                                                                          trillion-RMB growth driver for new-quality productive forces.
     In overseas markets, market demand in regions such as
                                                                          According to data from the Civil Aviation Administration of
     North America and Europe has grown strongly, and the
                                                                          China, the market size of China’s low-altitude economy reached
     energy storage market is evolving from a single-market
                                                                          RMB1.5 trillion in 2025 and is expected to continue to expand.
     structure towards a more diversified regional mix. With the
                                                                          Since the beginning of this year, various policies have been
     rising penetration rate of electric vehicles and the diversified
                                                                          introduced successively. In April 2026, the White Paper on
     development of application scenarios such as artificial
                                                                          the Development of the Low-altitude Economy Industry of
     intelligence data centres (AIDC), embodied intelligence
                                                                          Central Enterprises further clarified the leading role of central
     and electric vessels, electricity loads continue to increase.
                                                                          state-owned enterprises in the development of the low-altitude
     In addition, the share of wind and solar power generation
                                                                          economy industry, requiring them to better play a supporting
     in Europe has exceeded that of fossil fuels for the first time,
                                                                          and driving role in areas such as R&D of low-altitude equipment,
     continuing to drive market investment in large-scale energy
                                                                          infrastructure enhancement, implementation of application
     storage, commercial and industrial energy storage and
                                                                          scenarios and development of the industrial ecosystem. In July
     residential energy storage across multiple regions globally.
                                                                          2026, the Opinions on Deepening the Reform of the Integrated
                                                                          Transportation System identified the low-altitude economy as a
     Meanwhile, sodium-ion batteries, with their long cycle life,
                                                                          core component of the national integrated three-dimensional
     excellent low-temperature performance, strong rate capability
                                                                          transportation network, with standardised development
     and high safety, are well suited for high-frequency power
                                                                          of air-ground coordination and multimodal transportation
     fluctuation scenarios such as AIDC. The industrialisation
                                                                          commencing comprehensively.
     of sodium-ion batteries for energy storage applications is
     therefore expected to accelerate.
                                                                                                                  2026 Interim Report    07




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW                                                     Since the beginning of this year, we have continued to intensify
                                                                    our efforts in the energy storage battery business, with both
Principal Business
                                                                    delivery volume of ESS products and business development
We are a leading battery manufacturer in China, committed           increasing substantially year-on-year. As our new production
to developing a diverse portfolio of market-driven and              capacity is gradually released, more production lines have
technology-fuelled battery products. We primarily focus on the      become available for the manufacture of energy storage
R&D, production and sales of EV battery products, ESS battery       batteries. We have commenced battery cell supply cooperation
products, aviation battery products and marine batteries. We        with leading enterprises in the energy storage industry across
provide integrated battery solutions encompassing battery           multiple fields, including residential energy storage, commercial
cells, modules, packs, battery clusters and battery management      and industrial energy storage and stand-alone energy storage
systems. We are rooted in the passenger vehicle EV battery          power stations. We are also actively advancing product
market and dedicated to expanding the applications of               validation for domestic and overseas application scenarios
electrochemical products in emerging scenarios such as energy       requiring high rate capability, long cycle life and high safety,
storage, electric vessels and the low-altitude economy. Our         as well as business discussions for AIDC, long-duration energy
mission is to promote green mobility in the transportation          storage and stand-alone energy storage power station projects.
sector, and we are dedicated to powering the zero-carbon
journey of electrification across full-scenario land, sea and air   We are the first EV battery company in the industry to
applications with a single battery cell.                            obtain the AS9100D aerospace quality management system
                                                                    certification. In 2025, our aviation battery products successfully
We are one of the few companies among the top 10 battery            obtained airworthiness certification issued by the Civil Aviation
manufacturers with a strong automotive components                   Administration of China, and we officially commenced the mass
background. Our core management team possesses extensive            delivery of aviation power battery systems.
professional expertise and profound industry insights into
the automotive sector, and understands customers’ needs             Although the EV battery sector in China is highly competitive,
in balancing safety, quality, performance and cost. We have         we have leveraged our ppb aviation-grade safety quality,
developed a diversified portfolio of EV battery products as our     cutting-edge technologies and responsive services to build
core business, and have actively carried out the R&D of aviation    our product strength of “aviation-grade batteries with
battery products, which places us in a favourable position in       automotive-grade applications”. We have continuously
terms of application scenario expansion and technological           deepened our cooperation with leading passenger vehicle
advancement in the battery industry.                                customers, delivering safe and reassuring user experiences and
                                                                    steadily increasing our market share.


                                                                    Looking ahead, in addition to our continuously growing EV
                                                                    battery business, we will further increase our investment in
                                                                    diversified energy application scenarios such as stand-alone
                                                                    energy storage power stations, AIDC and embodied
                                                                    intelligence. Coupled with our continued value delivery
                                                                    to customers in terms of the cost, efficiency and quality of
                                                                    products and services, this will lay a solid foundation for the
                                                                    sustainable and healthy growth of our business.
08   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Main Products                                                         The continued growth of the Company’s EV battery business
                                                                           and market share was attributable to the support and trust of
     The Company’s main products are EV batteries, ESS batteries
                                                                           a number of high-quality industry customers. Our EV battery
     and aviation batteries. Among them, the “Zenergy Loong
                                                                           customers include large central and state-owned enterprises,
     (正力•騏龍)” series of EV battery products cover BEV, PHEV
                                                                           emerging EV manufacturers and leading multinational OEMs.
     and EREV models, and can meet the needs of multi-purpose
                                                                           Our share in the supply of battery products to leading global
     vehicles such as sedans, SUVs, MPVs and commercial vehicles;
                                                                           automotive enterprises, including FAW Hongqi, GAC Trumpchi,
     ESS products can meet the needs of diversified application
                                                                           Leapmotor, SAIC IM Motors, SAIC-GM Wuling, SAIC-GM,
     scenarios, including residential, commercial and industrial,
                                                                           GAC-Toyota and Volkswagen, continued to increase, and we
     grid-side and power generation-side settings, covering various
                                                                           served as a core supplier for various core vehicle models of
     application models such as short-duration frequency regulation
                                                                           our customers. With respect to overseas business, we currently
     and long-duration energy storage, while catering to the
                                                                           conduct business through indirect exports of batteries together
     electricity needs of critical loads such as artificial intelligence
                                                                           with complete vehicles and exports in the form of KD parts.
     data centres (AIDC); and aviation battery products may be
                                                                           From January to June 2026, revenue from indirect export
     applied to various aircraft models such as electric manned
                                                                           business accounted for approximately 14% of our operating
     fixed-wing aircraft and eVTOLs, while aviation large cylindrical
                                                                           revenue. As a number of vehicle models of our core customers
     batteries may also cover embodied intelligence application
                                                                           continue to sell well overseas, the proportion of our revenue
     scenarios.
                                                                           from indirect exports is expected to continue to increase.

     Business Achievements
                                                                           STAES, our joint venture, offers various lithium-ion and Ni-MH
     In the first half of 2026, the Group recorded sales revenue of        battery packs for HEV models and supplies all HEV models of
     RMB5,438.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of           the major OEMs that are joint ventures with Toyota in China.
     approximately 71.4%, and a delivery volume of 13.01 GWh,              Historically, it has cumulatively supplied batteries for over 4.0
     representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 66.1%.          million vehicles, and no battery safety incident has occurred
                                                                           to date. The global HEV market is expected to maintain steady
     I.    EV Battery Business                                             growth in 2026. According to Business Research Insights, the
                                                                           compound annual growth rate from 2026 to 2035 is expected
     From January to June 2026, sales revenue from the Group’s EV
                                                                           to be approximately 20.99%.
     battery business amounted to RMB4,576.8 million, representing
     a year-on-year increase of 53.3%; the Group’s power battery
     shipment volume amounted to 11.13 GWh. According to data
     released by the China Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance,
     from January to June 2026, the Company continued to record
     year-on-year increases in both installed capacity and market
     share in the domestic EV battery market, and its ranking in
     terms of installed capacity in new energy passenger vehicles
     rose from seventh in the corresponding period last year to fifth.
                                                                                                                2026 Interim Report    09




                                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




II.    Energy Storage and Other Business                             With respect to aviation battery products, the battery products
                                                                     supplied by the Company for the RX1E fixed-wing manned
From January to June 2026, sales revenue from the Group’s
                                                                     electric aircraft of Liaoning General Aviation Academy and
energy storage battery business amounted to RMB592.4
                                                                     ZEROG Aircraft have obtained airworthiness certification from
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 799.1%. In the
                                                                     the Civil Aviation Administration of China. The Company
energy storage business, the Company’s mature flagship 314Ah
                                                                     completed the first mass supply in the industry of battery pack
product commenced mass production and delivery in 2023 and
                                                                     systems for a two-seat electric fixed-wing manned aircraft
has become a major replacement option for 100Ah battery cells
                                                                     and also entered into an exclusive design-wins development
used in residential energy storage. Our energy storage battery
                                                                     agreement for the subsequent four-seat fixed-wing model.
customers include leading integrators such as Deye and Toyota,
                                                                     In addition, the Company secured a new project design-win
while we are also actively engaging in business discussions with
                                                                     for one multi-rotor model. Meanwhile, the Company is in
other diversified customers in China and overseas, including
                                                                     discussions with a number of domestic aircraft manufacturers
GoodWe. In addition, it is expected that in the second half of
                                                                     regarding the joint development of battery packs for
2026, the Company’s 235Ah and 588Ah battery cell products
                                                                     multi-rotor and tilt-rotor aircraft. It is expected to achieve
for commercial and industrial and large-scale energy storage
                                                                     full technology-path coverage in the manned aircraft sector,
will successively achieve large-scale sales, further expanding
                                                                     encompassing fixed-wing, multi-rotor and tilt-rotor models,
the scale of the Company’s energy storage business.
                                                                     the latter of which are subject to more stringent safety and
                                                                     technical requirements, thereby truly achieving the strategic
From January to June 2026, sales revenue from the Company’s
                                                                     iterative layout of “mass-producing one generation, developing
polyanion sodium-ion battery business amounted to RMB15.1
                                                                     one generation and pre-researching one generation”.
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 276.6%. The
products are mainly exported to the EU market, and their
                                                                     Technology and R&D Achievements
high-rate discharge performance is applied in backup power
scenarios such as AIDC and peak shaving and valley filling.          1.    Technological Iteration and Innovation:
                                                                     The Company always regards innovation as its engine, driving
In the field of aviation batteries for manned aircraft, the
                                                                     continuous R&D iteration to pioneer cutting-edge technologies
Company has made forward-looking investments in technology
                                                                     and excellent products and to consolidate and strengthen its
R&D for years and achieved phased progress. The Company
                                                                     competitive barriers.
was the first to propose the “three high and one fast” technical
indicators for aviation batteries, namely high safety, high energy
density, high discharge rate and ultra-fast charging capabilities,
which have been adopted by the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology and incorporated into the 2025 edition
of the Technical Roadmap for Power Batteries for Low-altitude
Aircraft.
10   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     (1)   With respect to advanced materials:                              (2)   With respect to advanced technology platforms: In
                                                                                  line with the Company’s “5-3-1 R&D Strategy”, we
           1)    Enhancement in energy density of cathode                         are committed to building advanced technology
                 materials: Leveraging high-throughput AI                         platforms and conducting pre-research and reserves
                 simulation and calculation, we adopt multi-level                 for technologies and products with relatively high
                 precursor grading combined with particle gradient                application potential in the coming three years,
                 doping technology to increase compaction density                 thereby continuously enhancing the Company’s market
                 while facilitating specific-capacity performance,                competitiveness.
                 thereby significantly improving the energy density
                 of phosphate cathode materials;                                  1)   High-energy-density phosphate system
                                                                                       technology platform: Through innovative material
           2)    Ultra-fast-charging and long-life anode materials:                    combinations, electrode design and process
                 Through new surface coating modification and                          optimisation, we have achieved technological
                 bulk pore-forming technologies, we have achieved                      upgrades to the phosphate system. We focus on
                 peak ultra-fast charging capability of 15C and                        developing LFP-blended NCM chemistry systems
                 above for anode materials. At the same time,                          as well as LFP with silicon-doped anode solutions,
                 through targeted precursor synthesis, volume                          continuously pushing up the energy-density
                 expansion during charging and discharging is                          ceiling of phosphate systems. We have optimised
                 reduced, significantly enhancing the cycle life of                    lithium-replenishment processes to achieve
                 the materials;                                                        ultimate production efficiency while maintaining
                                                                                       long cycle life, and continue to improve
           3)    Electrolytes: We have independently developed                         fast-charging and long-cycle characteristics to
                 new electrolyte solvents and additives to enhance                     match commercial vehicle application scenarios.
                 interfacial stability and achieve ultra-long cycle life;
                                                                                  2)   High-energy NCM (silicon-based) system
           4)    Others: We have made a series of breakthrough                         technology platform: We focus on improving the
                 progress in key materials including high-safety                       stability of ultra-high-nickel cathodes, laying the
                 ultra-high-nickel materials, high-capacity                            foundation for cathode limit design; and on the
                 lithium-replenishment materials, long-life lithium                    industrial application of silicon anodes, defining
                 nickel manganese oxide cathode materials,                             the process window for double-layer coating of
                 fast-charging electrolytes, new low-expansion                         silicon anodes and the optimal matching criteria
                 long-life vapour-deposition silicon-carbon anode                      for silicon and graphite. Platform prototypes
                 materials and high-strength ultra-thin separators.                    have achieved average 6C/8C ultra-fast charging
                                                                                       capability for prismatic aluminium-shell cells, while
                                                                                       pouch cells cover an energy density range of
                                                                                       340~420 Wh/kg. We are actively developing large
                                                                                       cylindrical and prismatic batteries with an energy
                                                                                       density of over 350 Wh/kg, laying the foundation
                                                                                       for the next generation of higher-energy-density
                                                                                       aviation battery products.
                                                                                                        2026 Interim Report     11




                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




3)   With respect to new chemistry system technology       (3)   With respect to cutting-edge battery technologies:
     platforms, the Company continues to conduct
     research on material systems, battery cell design           1)    Hybrid solid-liquid cylindrical batteries: Centred on
     and engineering validation for next-generation                    breakthroughs in dual solid-electrolyte technology,
     battery technologies such as sodium-ion batteries                 we integrate an ultra-high-nickel NCM cathode
     and lithium-rich manganese-based batteries, with                  material modified with solid electrolyte with
     a focus on building technology reserves for low                   an ultra-thin dense solid-electrolyte composite
     cost, long life and high specific energy, thereby                 separator. The solid-electrolyte modification
     further improving our cutting-edge technology                     layer reconstructs the material interface and
     layout for energy storage and EV applications.                    optimises kinetics and structural stability, while the
                                                                       composite separator builds efficient ion-transport
     With respect to sodium-ion batteries, the                         pathways and reduces migration resistance. The
     Company is advancing both polyanion and                           synergistic effect of the two technologies enables
     layered oxide technology routes in parallel. The                  the hybrid solid-liquid cylindrical battery to achieve
     polyanion system focuses on the long-life and                     a gravimetric energy density of 330 Wh/kg and
     high-power requirements of energy storage                         a volumetric energy density of 910 Wh/L, while
     applications. Through optimisation of material                    enhancing battery safety and kinetic performance.
     systems and regulation of interfacial stability, it
     has achieved a cycle life of over 10,000 cycles and         2)    High-specific-energy lithium metal batteries: By
     high-rate charging and discharging capability,                    adopting an ultra-high-nickel NCM cathode, a
     providing technical support for the application                   localised high-concentration electrolyte and an
     of sodium-ion batteries in scenarios such as                      ultra-thin lithium metal anode chemistry system,
     large-scale energy storage and AIDC. The layered                  together with structural design and process
     oxide system focuses on high energy density                       optimisation, we have achieved a gravimetric
     and has established capabilities in key material                  energy density of 515 Wh/kg, accelerating the
     evaluation, system matching and battery cell                      development of ultra-high-energy-density lithium
     design, supporting the continuous development                     metal batteries.
     of sodium-ion batteries with an energy density
     of 180 Wh/kg and above and laying a foundation              3)    Development of sulfide solid-state batteries:
     for expanding sodium-ion battery applications to                  We are building a technology matrix around
     light-duty power and certain passenger vehicle                    solid-state batteries, focusing on the development
     scenarios.                                                        of sulfide electrolytes and composite systems,
                                                                       while optimising dry and wet battery cell
     With respect to lithium-rich manganese-based                      manufacturing processes in parallel to address
     batteries, the Company is advancing the                           challenges relating to solid-solid interface
     development of lithium-rich manganese-based                       compatibility and large-scale manufacturing.
     material systems for next-generation                              The prototype solid-state batteries developed by
     high-specific-energy EV battery requirements. We                  us cover a gravimetric energy density range of
     have completed preliminary engineering validation                 320~400 Wh/kg and have passed 200℃ hot-box
     of a 350 Wh/kg large-capacity pouch cell and                      and nail penetration safety tests, accelerating
     accumulated key data and technical experience                     the industrialisation of high-specific-energy,
     for subsequent improvements in cycle life, voltage                high-safety and low-cost solid-state batteries. The
     decay, rate performance and safety performance.                   100 MWh-class large-capacity solid-state battery
                                                                       R&D pilot production line is expected to be
                                                                       completed in the second half of 2026.
12   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     (4)   With respect to intelligent manufacturing:                     (5)   With respect to product reliability and safety: We have
                                                                                established a full life-cycle reliability control system for
           AI vision: We continue to consolidate and refine our                 lithium batteries covering product design, manufacturing
           concept of “logistics as workstation, workstation as                 processes and application boundaries in all dimensions.
           manufacturing, and manufacturing as quality inspection”              Through research into underlying failure mechanisms
           to prevent batch abnormalities. In particular, (a) AI vision         and data-driven methods, we have independently
           coverage has further increased; and (b) multi-zone,                  developed innovative accelerated evaluation
           multi-light-source image reconstruction technology has               methodologies, effectively shortening the reliability
           substantially enhanced defect-image features, further                verification cycle from raw materials to finished products.
           safeguarding battery quality. For example, time-sharing              We conduct quantitative verification of key safety and
           stroboscopic technology has been applied to electrode                reliability indicators for raw materials, product design
           appearance inspection, significantly improving detection             and trial production to identify various potential product
           capability and enabling stable identification of defects             risks in advance. At the same time, we coordinate R&D,
           with only weak visual features that were previously                  engineering, manufacturing and quality functions
           difficult to detect, such as bubbles on electrode sheets             to improve design criteria, process standards and
           and defective ceramic areas.                                         application-boundary specifications, thereby preventing
                                                                                safety risks at source.
           Embodied intelligence: The EOL automated insertion
           and removal technology based on hybrid force-position          (6)   With respect to intellectual property: As of June 30, 2026,
           control, developed through industry-university-research              the Group had filed a total of 4,691 patent applications, of
           cooperation with universities, has been applied in                   which 3,115 had been granted, including 621 invention
           mass production. An automatic grouping and packing                   patents.
           machine featuring vision-guided flexible robotic gripping
           and hybrid force-position controlled stacking has been         2.    Product Refinement and Upgrade:
           successfully validated and is entering development for
                                                                          (1)   NCM power battery products: High-voltage NCM
           mass-production equipment.
                                                                                products with average 8C ultra-fast charging capability:
                                                                                These products also incorporate a high-specific-energy
           AI data analysis/agents: The Company attaches
                                                                                design, with cell energy density reaching 245 Wh/kg and
           importance to exploring AI technologies and suitable
                                                                                an expected cycle life of up to 1,800 cycles, placing them
           application scenarios. (a) By leveraging LLMs, we have
                                                                                at a leading level among medium-nickel high-voltage
           developed department-level AI professional knowledge
                                                                                fast-charging NCM products.
           bases and talent development platforms, customising
           training courses and flexible assessments based on
           individual capabilities to shorten the talent development
           cycle. (b) Equipment failure prediction and fault
           recommendation agents based on machine-learning
           algorithms have entered mass production and are
           being rolled out. (c) By leveraging the programming
           advantages of AI, software development efficiency has
           increased by more than 50%.
                                                                                                             2026 Interim Report     13




                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




(2)   Phosphate-based power battery products:                   (3)   ESS products:


      1)   High-specific-energy LFP batteries: With the               In the energy storage business, the Company’s core
           application of fourth-and-a-half-generation                mature 314Ah standardised battery cell has become
           materials, the volumetric energy density of LFP            one of the main products supplied for global residential
           cells has reached 445 Wh/L and the gravimetric             energy storage.
           energy density has reached 204 Wh/kg, placing
           them at a relatively high level among comparable           The 314Ah product is currently used for both large-scale
           products and increasing the total electricity              energy storage and residential energy storage, with
           capacity of battery packs of the same volume.              energy conversion efficiency of not less than 94.5% and
           A-sample development has been completed, and               cycle life of over 10,000 cycles. Meanwhile, the long-life
           design freeze is expected by the end of 2026.              version of the 314Ah product has completed B-sample
                                                                      R&D, with cell cycle life increased to over 12,000 cycles
      2)   Fast-charging LFP batteries: With average 4.2C             and calendar life reaching over 25 years, effectively
           and peak 6C fast-charging capability, these                reducing the overall system cost. In the first half of 2026,
           batteries can replenish 70% SOC within 10                  the Company completed prototype development of a
           minutes and achieve an energy density of 190               higher-capacity 588Ah battery cell, which is expected to
           Wh/kg. Their overall performance indicators are            commence formal mass production in the second half
           industry-leading, and they have completed the              of 2026; and plans to complete prototype development
           mid-term acceptance for the “open competition              of 648Ah and 684Ah battery cells in the second half
           mechanism” project of the Suzhou Science and               of the same year, followed by 700Ah+ battery cell
           Technology Bureau.                                         prototypes in 2027. This series of products has energy
                                                                      conversion efficiency of not less than 94.5%, cycle life
      3)   Ultra-fast-charging LFP batteries: Featuring both          of over 10,000 cycles and calendar life of over 20 years,
           high-specific-energy and ultra-fast-charging               and is suitable for 2-to-8-hour long-duration energy
           designs, these batteries achieve an energy density         storage scenarios under AIDC high-voltage architectures.
           of 188 Wh/kg while supporting average 8C                   For next-generation cells exceeding 1,000Ah for
           fast-charging capability, and design freeze has            long-duration energy storage of over 10 hours, trial
           been completed.                                            production of 1,400Ah+ and 2,700Ah+ samples was
                                                                      completed in the first half of 2026, and performance and
      4)   Next-generation LFP & NCM blended-system                   safety testing and validation are currently underway,
           batteries: With an energy density exceeding                accumulating a technical foundation for the R&D of
           215 Wh/kg, these batteries break through the               large-capacity long-duration energy storage cells.
           energy-density ceiling of LFP batteries and are
           intended for customers’ premium C/D-class BEV/
           EREV models.
14   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     (4)   Battery system products:                                            The Company will continue to advance the development
                                                                               of lightweight, high-energy-density and high-safety
           800V & 6C LFP ultra-fast charging platform: It can                  battery systems, address the stringent safety tests under
           replenish 70% SOC within 10 minutes, with a maximum                 the relevant standards, and cooperate with aircraft
           fast-charging rate of 6C, an average fast-charging                  customers to complete aircraft airworthiness certification.
           rate of over 4.2C (10-80% SOC charging), and a peak                 Such high-energy-density and high-power products may
           discharge rate of over 15C. The energy density of a single          also be applied in embodied intelligence robot scenarios.
           battery cell exceeds 180 Wh/kg, while pack integration
           efficiency exceeds 76%. It features high safety and meets     FUTURE OUTLOOK
           the requirement of no thermal propagation: no safety
                                                                         Sustainable Customer Expansion
           incident occurs upon triggering thermal runaway and
           there is no thermal propagation. It also features high        On the one hand, we will continue to expand the depth and
           mechanical safety: battery functions remain normal            breadth of our customer base in passenger/commercial vehicle
           after a 1,300J continuous bottom impact test at eight         EV batteries and ESS batteries, and continue to strengthen and
           points; functions remain normal after a 187-hour              deepen our relationships with existing customers to increase
           six-degree-of-freedom high- and low-temperature               product penetration and the strategic allocation of core
           alternating vibration test simulating extreme bumpy road      products, while establishing business cooperation with new
           conditions over more than one million kilometres. In          customers. On the other hand, we will also actively explore
           terms of environmental reliability, it has undergone 4,032    cooperation with customers across more diversified scenarios
           hours of enhanced corrosion testing under extreme             to meet their needs in residential energy storage, commercial
           chemical slurry and saline environments, ensuring             and industrial energy storage, stand-alone energy storage
           durable protection under severe weather or complex            power stations, AIDC, robots, aircraft and other scenarios. In
           road conditions, with durability far exceeding ordinary       addition, we actively provide batteries for customers’ export
           standards.                                                    vehicle models and energy storage systems to meet their
                                                                         needs across multiple overseas scenarios.
     (5)   Aviation battery products:
                                                                         In terms of EV batteries, we will continue to advance the
           In the first half of 2026, the Company carried out aviation   three-pronged strategy of battery cell form standardisation,
           battery system design and development with a number           battery pack system platformisation and electrochemical
           of customers. The Company has reached alignment               system differentiation, continuously improve the energy
           with the Civil Aviation Administration of China on the        density and fast-charging capability of chemistry systems,
           preparation of the relevant test outlines for the above       help customers develop new vehicle models with high quality
           aircraft models, marking an important step forward in the     within shorter timeframes, and create economies of scale across
           certification of electric aircraft.                           upstream and downstream markets.


           The energy density of the Company’s cylindrical aviation      For the rapidly growing electric commercial vehicle market,
           batteries has reached 330 Wh/kg. The Company is               we will further advance the electrification rate of commercial
           currently focusing on the development of cylindrical          vehicles through a coordinated model of transportation
           and prismatic products with higher energy densities           capacity and electricity, while actively innovating business
           of 350 Wh/kg and above and 370 Wh/kg and above,               models and solutions for long-haul commercial vehicles.
           respectively, to build up technological reserves for
           customers’ next-generation aircraft models.
                                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report    15




                                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




With respect to overseas business, we support customers’             Further High-quality Layout of New
global expansion as a core component supplier for their export       Production Capacity
vehicle models. We have currently established cooperation
                                                                     We seek to balance our capacity layout with customer demand
models with Leapmotor and GAC Trumpchi for supporting
                                                                     and are committed to continuously improving production
complete vehicle exports, and have also reached an export
                                                                     line efficiency through AI-driven closed-loop algorithm
model with Wuling for KD parts to be assembled overseas. At
                                                                     technologies, thereby achieving high-quality capacity growth.
present, the Company’s products have been sold to markets
                                                                     We have designed flexible, high-speed production lines that
including Hong Kong, India, Indonesia and the EU.
                                                                     accommodate both EV battery and energy storage battery
                                                                     manufacturing and are equipped with localised central control
In the field of energy storage batteries, we have completed a
                                                                     across horizontally integrated processes. This has enhanced
full product portfolio covering 100Ah to 2,700Ah+ and above.
                                                                     production efficiency and accumulated step-by-step practical
Leveraging our comprehensive product matrix and forward-
                                                                     experience for the next phase of achieving a fully centrally
looking R&D and layout of large-capacity energy storage cells,
                                                                     controlled unmanned factory.
we aim to capture opportunities in domestic and overseas
markets: on the one hand, capturing incremental rigid demand
                                                                     As the number of automakers with which the Company has
arising from the continued increase in household electricity
                                                                     secured design-wins cooperation continues to increase, in
consumption in residential and small commercial and industrial
                                                                     particular given the substantial increase in the number of
scenarios; and on the other hand, exploring the commercial
                                                                     battery cells per vehicle brought about by 800V high-voltage
potential of large-scale energy storage batteries and system
                                                                     platform architectures, and based on the industrial-scale
integration driven by long-duration energy storage, stand-alone
                                                                     development trend of Zenergy’s “three-pronged synergy”
energy storage power stations and AIDC computing-power
                                                                     of battery cell form standardisation, battery pack system
support.
                                                                     platformisation and electrochemical system differentiation,
                                                                     we expect newly built production lines to move towards a
For diversified application scenarios including residential energy
                                                                     faster pace of over 30 ppm for a single line and over 60 ppm
storage, commercial and industrial energy storage, stand-
                                                                     for one line serving two lines, so as to meet the Company’s
alone energy storage power stations, AIDC energy storage,
                                                                     development needs and enhance overall competitiveness.
distribution transformer area energy storage and microgrids,
we are deploying sodium-ion cells as well as LFP cells
                                                                     In 2026, the Company is orderly advancing the construction
featuring ultra-high rate capability, an ultra-wide temperature
                                                                     and equipment installation of Phase II of the new Changshu
range, ultra-long cycle life and ultra-large capacity through
                                                                     manufacturing plant, including energy storage and EV battery
multiple innovative technologies. We aim to fully match the
                                                                     production lines and a large-capacity energy storage cell
requirements for energy storage batteries in different domestic
                                                                     production line aligned with the market trend towards large-
and overseas scenarios and are committed to building multi-
                                                                     capacity cells. The project is expected to complete construction
dimensional and diversified in-depth cooperation with leading
                                                                     in the second half of this year, which will further enhance the
energy storage customers in China and overseas.
                                                                     Company’s energy storage battery capacity scale and market
                                                                     competitiveness.
16   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     In addition, we plan to continue building capacity based on         Cutting-edge Battery Technologies: Construction of the
     demand. Through the continuous expansion of intelligent             100 MWh-class solid-state battery pilot production line is
     new projects including sodium-ion battery production lines          progressing steadily and is expected to be completed in the
     and future-oriented production lines for large-capacity energy      second half of 2026. The pilot line will be capable of preparing
     storage cells above 1,000Ah, we aim to meet market demand           sulfide solid-state batteries of over 60Ah and 100Ah-class
     for energy storage application scenarios such as long-duration      lithium metal batteries. Systematic validation will focus on
     energy storage, computing power centres and decentralised           three key areas: material-system pathways, process-window
     power supply models, while also serving multiple sectors            optimisation and engineering prototype development,
     including new energy vehicles, electric passenger-carrying          comprehensively assessing mass-production feasibility in
     aircraft, humanoid robots and electric vessels.                     dimensions such as process stability and production-line
                                                                         equipment compatibility.
     Technological Re-innovation
                                                                         Intelligent Manufacturing: We will accelerate the deployment
     Advanced Materials: We will focus on the development of
                                                                         of computing power within the Company and promote
     materials for ultra-fast charging systems with a peak rate
                                                                         the implementation of R&D involving AI technologies and
     of over 16C and an average rate of over 10C, including the
                                                                         embodied intelligence, shifting from “people looking for data”
     continuous iterative upgrade of new flash-charging anode
                                                                         to “data finding people”, so as to enable rapid correlation and
     materials, phosphate cathode materials with high kinetics and
                                                                         aggregation of production-line data and autonomous decision-
     high energy density, and ultra-fast charging electrolyte solvents
                                                                         making, and further enhance the intelligence and flexibility of
     and additive materials. At the same time, we will continue to
                                                                         production lines. We will advance the development of a central
     advance ultra-high-nickel and new lithium-rich manganese-
                                                                         control system that leverages AI technologies to automatically
     based cathode materials, as well as third-generation low-
                                                                         compile production data, analyse takt-time losses, capacity
     expansion, fast-charging and long-life silicon-carbon anode
                                                                         bottlenecks and fault classifications, make autonomous
     materials.
                                                                         decisions and transmit instructions within seconds, ultimately
                                                                         realising the ambitious goal of an unmanned factory.
     Advanced Technology Platforms: We will continue to
     strengthen our technology reserves for phosphate systems
                                                                         Product Re-iteration
     and further broaden their application windows. We will actively
     advance the technological iteration of blended chemistry            Advanced products: The Company plans to develop: (1) ultra-
     systems, making further breakthroughs and improvements              fast charging LFP batteries which, based on graphite materials
     in energy density, fast-charging performance and service life,      with fast-charging capability above 10C and fast-charging
     so as to maintain the continued leadership of our product           electrolytes, will achieve energy density exceeding 175 Wh/kg,
     competitiveness; We will further advance high-performance           a peak charging rate exceeding 16C, 70% energy replenishment
     NCM battery technologies, complete the development of high-         within 3.5 minutes and cycle life exceeding 1,500 cycles; and
     specific-energy batteries with 8C ultra-fast charging capability,   (2) ultra-fast charging NCM batteries with energy density
     and promote the industrialisation of “three high and one fast”      exceeding 240 Wh/kg and 70% energy replenishment within
     battery products with energy density of over 350 Wh/kg; We          4.2 minutes.
     will continue to deepen our research into new material systems,
     maintain sustained investment in areas including high-voltage       To effectively support ultra-fast charging, the Company has
     material system technologies, lithium-rich manganese-based          developed a new bridge-type terminal top cover and continues
     material system technologies and alkali-metal material system       to optimise it. Compared with conventional top cover solutions,
     technologies, actively identify suitable application scenarios,     it is lighter in weight, lower in resistance and cost, and better
     and maintain iterative leadership in advanced technologies.         in reliability, which can reduce temperature rise and enhance
                                                                         service life for ultra-fast charging batteries.
                                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report    17




                                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




High-energy-density EV battery products: The Energy-saving           For system-level products, the Company is committed to
and New Energy Vehicle Technology Roadmap 3.0 proposes               streamlining system integration, achieving energy capacity of
that by 2040, the power consumption per 100 kilometres               more than 6.9 MWh per container, substantially reducing the
of new energy passenger vehicles should be less than 9.2             number of system components, effectively lowering costs and
kWh, and existing products have difficulty meeting such              enhancing product competitiveness.
requirements. By continuously improving the energy density
of battery products and reducing the weight of batteries with        High-power energy storage: In response to the needs of AIDC
the same electricity capacity, the Company can in turn reduce        application scenarios, the Company has developed an 85Ah
vehicle weight, thereby helping automaker customers reduce           high-power energy storage cell supporting instantaneous 12C
electricity consumption per 100 kilometres and comply with           discharge and continuous 10C discharge. During continuous
policy requirements in advance.                                      discharge, capacity retention can be maintained at not less
                                                                     than 98%, thereby meeting the high-power electricity demand
In the field of aviation battery applications, the Company           of data centres.
is focusing on developing products with energy density
exceeding 350 Wh/kg to support a flight range of over 300            Sodium battery products: To address the potential impact of
km and promote industry development. In the field of aviation        substantial fluctuations in lithium resource prices on the ESS
battery system applications, the Company has commenced               market in the future, as well as the requirements of the ESS
the development of ultra-lightweight products, including the         market for product rate capability and safety, in the first half
application of titanium alloy materials in battery pack structural   of 2026 the Company completed the R&D and fabrication of
components, leveraging their excellent properties such as high       162Ah sodium-ion cell samples based on the 71173 dimensions
strength, light weight and high-temperature resistance; and the      and plans to launch an upgraded 180Ah sodium-ion cell
application of carbon-fibre composite materials in battery pack      by the end of 2026. Leveraging the advantages of sodium
structural components to replace certain steel and aluminium         battery products, including long life, high power, high safety,
materials and further achieve lightweighting.                        excellent low-temperature performance and outstanding cost-
                                                                     effectiveness, the Company will introduce them into various
Large-scale ESS products: To address 2-to-4-hour energy              energy storage application scenarios such as stand-alone
storage scenarios, the Company is cooperating with specific          power stations and AIDC. In addition, the Company expects to
customers to develop 648Ah, 684Ah and 700Ah+ battery                 complete the R&D of a 350Ah large-capacity sodium-ion cell
cells. To address the future market for long-duration energy         based on the 73310 dimensions in the second half of 2026,
storage of 8 to 12 hours, the Company continues to advance           achieving a technological breakthrough in large-capacity
the R&D, design and mass-production implementation of next-          sodium-ion cells.
generation large-scale ESS products with higher capacities of
1,400Ah+ and 2,700Ah+, further improving product integration
efficiency and reducing the cost of battery cells and systems to
match AIDC energy storage scenarios and long-duration energy
storage systems.
18   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     OPERATION RESULTS AND ANALYSIS
     Overview
     During the Reporting Period, revenue of the Group increased by 71.4% from RMB3,172.0 million for the six months ended June 30,
     2025 to RMB5,438.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026; gross profit of the Group increased by 19.6% from RMB568.7
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB680.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026; net profit for the period
     of the Group increased by 68.6% from RMB220.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB371.6 million for the six
     months ended June 30, 2026; earnings per share of the Company increased by 66.7% from RMB0.09 for the six months ended June
     30, 2025 to RMB0.15 for the six months ended June 30, 2026.


     Key Financial Index
                                                                                For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026                2025        YOY change
                                                                                     Unaudited           Unaudited
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Revenue                                                                         5,438,405           3,172,028              71.4%
      Gross profit                                                                      680,365             568,684              19.6%
      Net profit                                                                        371,644             220,425              68.6%
      Net profit margin of sales (%)                                                         6.8                 6.9                  /
      Earnings per share
         Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                            0.15               0.09              66.7%
                                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report   19




                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The table below is extracted from the interim condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
of the Group, which sets forth the absolute amount for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2026.


Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000


 REVENUE                                                                                           5,438,405             3,172,028


 Cost of sales                                                                                     (4,758,040)          (2,603,344)


 Gross profit                                                                                        680,365              568,684


 Other income and gains                                                                               59,390                27,267
 Selling and marketing expenses                                                                       (19,375)             (16,404)
 Administrative expenses                                                                            (167,825)             (172,723)
 Research and development expenses                                                                  (268,148)             (252,858)
 Impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets, net                                       (13,328)              (5,182)
 Other expenses                                                                                       (12,124)             (27,331)
 Finance costs                                                                                        (76,602)             (68,223)
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                  169,623              160,250


 PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                                                   351,976              213,480


 Income tax credit                                                                                    19,668                 6,945


 PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                                371,644              220,425


 Profit attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                                              371,644              220,425


 PROFIT PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
 Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                                                 0.15                 0.09
20   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue increased by 71.4% from RMB3,172.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB5,438.4 million for
     the six months ended June 30, 2026, which was mainly attributable to the significant year-on-year increase in shipment volume of
     power batteries and ESS batteries, facilitating the increase in the Company’s sales revenue.


     The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Company’s revenue by product type during the periods indicated, including the
     absolute amounts and as percentages of total revenue:


                                                                                       Six months ended June 30, (Unaudited)
                                                                                   2026                                     2025
                                                                                             Percentage                              Percentage
                                                                             Revenue         of Revenue            Revenue           of Revenue
                                                                             RMB’000                 (%)            RMB’000                   (%)


      Items
      Power battery                                                      4,576,839                  84.2           2,985,306                 94.1
      ESS products and others                                                861,566                15.8            186,722                   5.9


      Total                                                              5,438,405                 100.0           3,172,028               100.0


     Revenue from sales of power batteries of the Group increased                Cost of Sales
     by 53.3% from RMB2,985.3 million for the six months ended
                                                                                 Cost of sales of the Group increased by 82.8% from RMB2,603.3
     June 30, 2025 to RMB4,576.8 million for the six months
                                                                                 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB4,758.0
     ended June 30, 2026. Such significant increase was mainly
                                                                                 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, which was
     attributable to the gradual ramp-up of the Group’s newly
                                                                                 primarily attributable to the substantial increase in sales volume
     added production capacity, coupled with a further year-on-year
                                                                                 of power battery and ESS battery products.
     increase in capacity utilization, resulting in a significant increase
     in shipment volume of power batteries as compared with the
     corresponding period last year.


     Revenue generated from ESS products and others of the Group
     increased by 361.4% from RMB186.7 million for the six months
     ended June 30, 2025 to RMB861.6 million for the six months
     ended June 30, 2026. Such significant increase was mainly
     attributable to the significant increase in shipment volume of
     ESS batteries.
                                                                                                                     2026 Interim Report   21




                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
The following table sets forth the breakdown of gross profit and gross profit margin by product type and downstream application
during the periods indicated:


                                                                             Six months ended June 30, (Unaudited)
                                                                         2026                                     2025
                                                                                   Gross profit                            Gross profit
                                                             Gross profit              margin         Gross profit             margin
                                                                   RMB’000                 (%)           RMB’000                   (%)


 Item
 Power battery                                                     622,477                13.6            546,243                 18.3
 ESS products and others                                            57,888                 6.7             22,441                 12.0


 Total                                                             680,365                12.5            568,684                 17.9


Gross profit of the Group increased by 19.6% from RMB568.7             Gross profit of ESS products and others increased by 158.0%
million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB680.4             from RMB22.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. Its gross profit       RMB57.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, mainly
margin decreased from 17.9% for the six months ended June              attributable to the substantial increase in shipment volume of
30, 2025 to 12.5% for the six months ended June 30, 2026,              ESS products as the Group’s newly added production capacity
representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.4 percentage points.         gradually came on stream. Its gross profit margin decreased
                                                                       from 12.0% for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to 6.7%
Specifically, gross profit of power battery increased by 14.0%         for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The decrease in gross
from RMB546.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025           profit margin was mainly due to the combined impact during
to RMB622.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026,            the Reporting Period of rising costs of upstream raw materials
mainly attributable to the substantial increase in sales volume        for lithium battery products and product pricing pressure
of power battery products. Its gross profit margin decreased           arising from intensified industry competition.
from 18.3% for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to 13.6%
for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The decrease in gross          Other Income and Gains
profit margin was mainly due to the combined impact during
                                                                       Other income and gains increased by 117.6% from RMB27.3
the Reporting Period of rising costs of upstream raw materials
                                                                       million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB59.4
for lithium battery products, product pricing pressure arising
                                                                       million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, mainly due
from intensified industry competition and the ramp-up of
                                                                       to the significant year-on-year increase in the amount of
newly added production capacity.
                                                                       additional deduction of value-added tax.
22   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Selling and Marketing Expenses                                   Share of Profits of Joint Ventures
     Selling and marketing expenses increased by 18.3% from           Share of profits of joint ventures increased from RMB160.3
     RMB16.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to        million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB169.6
     RMB19.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, mainly   million for the six months ended June 30, 2026.
     due to the increase in advertising and promotion expenses.
                                                                      Income Tax Credit
     Administrative Expenses
                                                                      Income tax credit increased from RMB6.9 million for the six
     Administrative expenses decreased from RMB172.7 million for      months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB19.7 million for the six
     the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB167.8 million for       months ended June 30, 2026, mainly due to the improvement
     the six months ended June 30, 2026.                              in the Group’s profitability, and the management’s recognition
                                                                      of the relevant deferred tax assets to the extent of the
     Research and Development Expenses                                estimated future taxable income available for utilization.

     Research and development expenses increased from RMB252.9
                                                                      Profit for the Period
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB268.1
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2026.                  As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s net profit for the
                                                                      period increased by 68.6% from RMB220.4 million for the six
     Impairment Losses on Financial Assets and                        months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB371.6 million for the six
     Contract Assets, Net                                             months ended June 30, 2026.

     Impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets, net
                                                                      Liquidity and Capital Resources
     increased by 155.8% from RMB5.2 million for the six months
     ended June 30, 2025 to RMB13.3 million for the six months        For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group primarily
     ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the significant increase   funded its operations through debt financing, cash generated
     in the Group’s revenue and, correspondingly, a significant       from operating activities and dividends from joint ventures.
     increase in the balance of accounts receivable at the end
     of the Reporting Period, resulting in the provision for credit   The Group monitors its cash balance on a daily basis and
     impairment losses.                                               reviews its cash flow on a monthly basis. We also regularly
                                                                      prepare a cash receipts and expenditures plan for the next
     Other Expenses                                                   three months and submit the same to the chief financial
                                                                      officer for approval to ensure we can maintain optimal
     Other expenses decreased by 55.7% from RMB27.3 million for
                                                                      liquidity levels and meet our working capital needs. We have
     the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB12.1 million for the
                                                                      sufficient liquidity to meet daily cash management and capital
     six months ended June 30, 2026, mainly due to lower exchange
                                                                      expenditure requirements and control internal operating cash
     losses on foreign currency deposits during the Reporting
                                                                      flows.
     Period.

                                                                      Cash and Cash Equivalents
     Finance Costs
                                                                      As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents
     Finance costs increased by 12.3% from RMB68.2 million for the
                                                                      amounted to RMB4,821.8 million, mainly including cash and
     six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB76.6 million for the
                                                                      unrestricted bank balances and short-term time deposits,
     six months ended June 30, 2026, mainly due to an increase in
                                                                      compared to RMB4,182.6 million as of December 31, 2025,
     borrowing interest expenses.
                                                                      representing an increase of RMB639.2 million. The Group’s cash
                                                                      and cash equivalents are primarily denominated in RMB.
                                                                                                                2026 Interim Report     23




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Bank and Other Borrowings                                           Interest Rate Risk and Foreign Exchange Risk
As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s interest-bearing bank and          The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest
other borrowings were approximately RMB7,393.8 million,             rates relates primarily to the Group’s long-term debts with
compared to RMB5,693.8 million as of December 31, 2025.             floating interest rates.
The Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated
in RMB. As of June 30, 2026, with the exception of interest-        The Group’s revenue and expenses are primarily denominated
bearing bank and other borrowings totaling approximately            in RMB. We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from
RMB1,238.7 million which bore interest at fixed rates, the          certain currency exposure (mainly related to Hong Kong dollar,
remaining borrowings bore interest at floating rates. Of the        Euro and U.S. dollar). As of June 30, 2026, the balance of the
Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as of June       Group’s foreign currency bank deposits translated into RMB
30, 2026, 32.0% will mature within one year, and the remainder      accounted for 0.4% of its total assets. As the expected exchange
will mature after one year.                                         rate risk is not significant, no financial instruments were used
                                                                    for hedging purposes, and the Group did not commit to using
Capital Structure                                                   any financial instruments to hedge its exposure to exchange
                                                                    rate risk. The Directors and senior management of the Group
As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s net assets were RMB8,473.6
                                                                    will continue to monitor the foreign exchange exposure and
million, including current assets of RMB12,131.9 million, non-
                                                                    will consider applicable derivatives when necessary.
current assets of RMB14,649.1 million, current liabilities of
RMB12,655.7 million, and non-current liabilities of RMB5,651.7
                                                                    Capital Expenditures and Commitments
million.
                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group incurred
As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated as       capital expenditures of approximately RMB1,970.5 million,
total liabilities divided by total assets) was 68.4%, compared to   which were primarily related to the purchase of property, plant
61.8% as of December 31, 2025.                                      and equipment and the purchase of right-of-use assets and
                                                                    other intangible assets.
Cash Flows
                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s capital
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s net cash
                                                                    commitments amounted to RMB2,705.9 million, which were
flow generated from operating activities was RMB640.0 million,
                                                                    related to property, plant and equipment.
compared to the net cash flow used in operating activities
of RMB125.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.
                                                                    Restricted Assets
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s net
cash flow used in investing activities was RMB1,559.5 million,      As at June 30, 2026, the Group had restricted assets with a total
compared to the net cash flow used in investing activities of       carrying amount of RMB4,771.9 million, including restricted
RMB1,302.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. For      bank deposits of RMB1,048.7 million, property, plant and
the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s net cash flow       equipment of RMB3,363.4 million and right-of-use assets of
generated from financing activities was RMB1,565.7 million,         RMB359.8 million. These restricted assets were mainly used
compared to the net cash flow generated from financing              to secure bank loans and other bank facilities, and issue bank
activities of RMB1,783.7 million for the six months ended June      acceptance bills.
30, 2025.
24   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Significant Investments                                             Future Plans for Material Investments or
                                                                         Capital Assets
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group did not hold any significant
     investments with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total         Save for the expansion plans disclosed in the sections headed
     assets, except for joint ventures.                                  “Business” and “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus and as
                                                                         disclosed in this report, the Group has no specific plans for
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group held 50% of the equity interests     material investments or acquisitions of major capital assets
     in STAES, which is considered a material joint venture of the       or other businesses. However, we will continue to seek new
     Group and is accounted for using the equity method. STAES           business development opportunities.
     was established as a limited liability company under the laws
     of the PRC on November 12, 2013, and is primarily engaged in        Contingent Liabilities
     the manufacturing, development and sale of Lithium-Ion and
                                                                         As of June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any material
     Ni-MH battery packs for use in vehicles. There was no readily
                                                                         contingent liabilities, guarantees, or any pending or threatened
     available market fair value for this investment as at June 30,
                                                                         material litigation or claims against any member of the Group.
     2026. The Group recorded a share of profit of its joint venture,
     STAES, of RMB157.3 million for the six months ended June 30,
                                                                         Subsequent Events
     2026, compared to a share of profit of RMB159.7 million for
     the six months ended June 30, 2025. For more details, please        As of the date of this report, the Group has no material
     refer to (i) the paragraphs headed “History, Reorganization and     subsequent events after June 30, 2026.
     Corporate Structure – Major Acquisition” in the Prospectus, and
     (ii) Note 12 to the financial information in this report.


     Material Acquisitions and Disposals of
     Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group had no
     material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or
     joint ventures.
                                                                                                                    2026 Interim Report    25



          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company recognizes the importance of maintaining and promoting sound corporate governance. The principles of the
Company’s corporate governance are to promote effective internal control measures, to ensure that its business and operations are
conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board to
the Company and its Shareholders. The Company has adopted the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own
code of corporate governance.


The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions of the CG Code throughout the
Reporting Period.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
AND SUPERVISORS
The Company has developed the Management System for Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, and Employees to Hold and
Trade the Company’s Shares (the “Company Code”) for securities transactions by the Directors, Supervisors, senior management and
relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on terms no less exacting
than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Following
specific enquiry by the Company, all Directors and Supervisors have confirmed they have complied with the Company Code and,
therefore, with the Model Code throughout the Reporting Period.


COMPLIANCE WITH APPENDIX D2 TO THE LISTING RULES
According to paragraph 40 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules, save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company confirms that
the current information in relation to those matters set out in paragraph 32 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules has not changed
materially from the information disclosed in the Prospectus.
26   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF
     EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE
     COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As far as the Company is aware, as at June 30, 2026, the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company had interests
     and short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions in which they were taken or deemed to have under
     such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register maintained
     by the Company, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they were applicable to the Supervisors) as
     follows:


                                                                                                                     Percentage of          Percentage of
                                                                                                                   shareholding in          shareholding
                                                                                                    Number of      Unlisted Shares/          in total share
       Name of Director           Nature of interest                        Class of Shares   (1)
                                                                                                        Shares            H Shares  (2)
                                                                                                                                                  capital(2)
       Ms. Cao Fang(3)            Interest in controlled corporations Unlisted Shares (L)           598,319,817               55.96%                   23.42%
                                                                           H Shares (L)             560,693,101               37.75%                   21.95%
       Mr. Chen Jicheng(3)        Interest in controlled corporations Unlisted Shares (L)           598,319,817               55.96%                   23.42%
                                                                           H Shares (L)             560,693,101               37.75%                   21.95%


     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,069,127,364 Unlisted Shares and 1,485,293,739 H Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.

     (3)      Ms. Cao Fang and Mr. Chen Jicheng have been acting in concert with each other, and are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by the
              management shareholders under the SFO, namely, Zenergy Investment, SINOGY VC, Nanjing Miaode, Nanjing Xuande, Zhengli No. 1, and
              Zhengli No. 2. (the “Management Shareholders”) For more details of Shares held by the Management Shareholders, please refer to pages 27 to
              28 in this report.

     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company had any interests
     or short positions in the Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
     the SFO), (i) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
     of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions in which they were taken or deemed to have under those provisions); (ii)
     which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) which were required
     to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant
     provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they were applicable to the Supervisors).
                                                                                                                           2026 Interim Report    27




                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
To the best of the knowledge of the Company and the Directors, the following are the persons, other than the Directors, Supervisors
or chief executives of the Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which were required to
be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be entered in
the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO as of June 30, 2026.


                                                                                                             Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                            shareholding in     shareholding
                                                                                              Number of Unlisted Shares/        in total share
 Name of Shareholder                           Nature of interest       Class of Shares(1)        Shares         H Shares(2)         capital(2)
 Zenergy Investment(3)                         Beneficial interest      Unlisted Shares (L)   322,483,380           30.16%            12.62%
                                                                        H Shares (L)          138,207,163            9.31%              5.41%
 SINOGY VC   (3)
                                               Beneficial interest      Unlisted Shares (L)   271,362,931           25.38%            10.62%
                                                                        H Shares (L)          110,682,345            7.45%              4.33%
 Zhengli Consulting(3)                         Interest in controlled   Unlisted Shares (L)     3,621,006            0.34%              0.14%
                                                  corporations          H Shares (L)          289,194,833           19.47%            11.32%
 Nanjing Miaode    (3)
                                               Beneficial interest      H Shares (L)          237,152,124           15.97%              9.28%
 Fujian Financial Investment Co., Ltd.         Interest in a controlled Unlisted Shares (L)   137,144,662           12.83%              5.37%
    (福建省金融投資有限責任公司)                      (4)
                                                  corporation           H Shares (L)          136,890,758            9.22%              5.36%
 Huafu Securities Co., Ltd. (華福證券              Interest in a controlled Unlisted Shares (L)   137,144,662           12.83%              5.37%
    有限責任公司)(4)                                    corporation           H Shares (L)          136,890,758            9.22%              5.36%
 Huafu Growth Investment Co., Ltd.             Beneficial interest      Unlisted Shares (L)   137,144,662           12.83%              5.37%
    (華福成長投資有限公司)                                                        H Shares (L)           28,544,347            1.92%              1.12%
    (“Huafu Investment”)(4)
                                               Interest in a controlled H Shares (L)          108,346,411            7.29%              4.24%
                                                  corporation
 Lin Yongzhong (林永忠)(4)                        Interest in a controlled H Shares (L)          108,346,411            7.29%              4.24%
                                                  corporation
 Zhongjin (Fujian) Venture Capital Co., Ltd. Interest in a controlled H Shares (L)            108,346,411            7.29%              4.24%
    (中金(福建)創業投資有限責任                               corporation
    公司)(4)
 Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Xingsi         Beneficial interest      H Shares (L)          108,346,411            7.29%              4.24%
    Shenglian Investment Partnership (L.P.)
    (寧波梅山保稅港區興思勝聯投資合
    夥企業(有限合夥))
    (“Xingsi Shenglian”)(4)
 Changshu Hi-Tech Holding Co., Ltd.            Interest in a controlled Unlisted Shares (L)   151,680,247           14.19%              5.94%
    (常熟市高新控股有限公司)(5)                              corporation           H Shares (L)          109,512,397            7.37%              4.29%
28   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                                                          Percentage of      Percentage of
                                                                                                                        shareholding in       shareholding
                                                                                                         Number of Unlisted Shares/           in total share
       Name of Shareholder                             Nature of interest        Class of Shares(1)
                                                                                                              Shares          H Shares (2)
                                                                                                                                                   capital(2)
       Changshu Southeast Investment                   Beneficial interest       Unlisted Shares (L)      78,624,750              7.35%                3.08%
           Holding Co., Ltd. (常熟市東南                    Interest in a controlled Unlisted Shares (L)       73,055,497              6.83%                2.86%
           投資控股有限公司)                                      corporation            H Shares (L)            109,512,397              7.37%                4.29%
           (“Southeast Investment Holding”)(5)
       Changshu Southeast Industrial                   Beneficial interest       Unlisted Shares (L)      59,951,372              5.61%                2.35%
           Investment Co., Ltd.                                                  H Shares (L)             59,951,372              4.04%                2.35%
           (常熟東南產業投資有限公司)
                                                       Interest in a controlled Unlisted Shares (L)       13,104,125              1.23%                0.51%
           (“Southeast Investment”)(5)
                                                          corporation            H Shares (L)             13,104,125              0.88%                0.51%
       Wang Zhengdong (王正東)(5)                         Interest in a controlled H Shares (L)             103,397,862              6.96%                4.05%
                                                          corporation
       Shanghai Royalsea Capital Management Interest in controlled               H Shares (L)            103,397,862              6.96%                4.05%
           Ltd. (上海正海資產管理有限公司)                   (5)
                                                          corporations
       Wuxi Zhenghai Jinxi Venture Capital             Beneficial interest       H Shares (L)             90,293,737              6.08%                3.53%
           Partnership (L.P.) (無錫正海錦璽
           創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
           (“Wuxi Zhenghai”) (5)


     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,069,127,364 Unlisted Shares and 1,485,293,739 H Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.

     (3)      Please refer to Note (3) on page 26 in this report.

     (4)      The general partner of Xingsi Shenglian is Zhongjin (Fujian) Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (中金(福建)創業投資有限責任公司), which is held as to
              80% by Lin Yongzhong (林永忠). Xingsi Shenglian is also held as to 99.9990% by Huafu Investment as its limited partner.

              Huafu Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huafu Securities Co., Ltd. (華福證券有限責任公司), which is in turn held as to 46.72% by
              Fujian Financial Investment Co., Ltd. (福建省金融投資有限責任公司). Fujian Financial Investment Co., Ltd. is wholly owned by the Fujian
              Provincial Department of Finance (福建省財政廳). Therefore, by virtue of the SFO, each of Zhongjin (Fujian) Venture Capital Co., Ltd. and
              Lin Yongzhong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Xingsi Shenglian, and each of Huafu Securities Co., Ltd. and Fujian Financial
              Investment Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Huafu Investment and Xingsi Shenglian.

     (5)      Southeast Investment holds 99.01% of Southeast Xinneng as its limited partner. Southeast Investment is held as to 99.96% by Southeast
              Investment Holding, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Changshu Hi-Tech Holding Co., Ltd. (常熟市高新控股有限公司), which is in
              turn wholly owned by the Changshu Finance Bureau (State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Office of Changshu Municipal
              Government) (常熟市財政局(常熟市政府國有資產監督管理辦公室)). Therefore, by virtue of the SFO: (i) Southeast Investment is deemed
              to be interested in the Shares held by Southeast Xinneng; (ii) Southeast Investment Holding is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
              Southeast Xinneng and Southeast Investment; and (iii) Changshu Hi-Tech Holding Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
              Southeast Xinneng, Southeast Investment and Southeast Investment Holding.

     Save as disclosed above and to the best knowledge of our Directors, as at June 30, 2026, no other persons (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
     Company which were required to be recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, or
     which were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
                                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report    29




                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




STAFF, REMUNERATION POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
As at June 30, 2026, the Group had 7,598 employees (as at December 31, 2025: 6,684 employees). For the six months ended June 30,
2026, the Group’s total staff costs amounted to approximately RMB583.1 million, including salaries, wages, bonuses, pension costs,
other social security costs, other employee benefits and share-based compensation, as compared to RMB388.5 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2025. The Group continued to optimize the incentive-based system in line with business development needs
and implemented remuneration policies with competitiveness.


During the six months ended June 30, 2026, our Directors received compensation in the form of, amongst others, fees, salaries,
allowances, bonuses, pension costs and share-based compensation. We determine the compensation of our Directors based on each
Director’s responsibilities, qualification, position and seniority.


The Company believes that its long-term growth depends on the expertise, experience and development of its employees. The
Company’s human resources department is responsible for recruiting, managing and training employees. The Company recruits
employees primarily through referrals, headhunting companies, recruitment websites and on-campus recruitment. The Company
provides training programs to employees, including new hire training for new employees and continuing technical training for the
Company’s production and R&D personnel to enhance their skills and knowledge. The Company takes measures to promote equal
opportunities, anti-discrimination, and diversity among employees.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed securities
(including the sale of treasury shares) of the Company. As at June 30, 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATION PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


DIVIDEND
The Board did not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (six months ended
June 30, 2025: Nil).


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of the
Listing Rules and code provision D.3.3 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of three Directors, namely Mr. Gong Zhengliang,
Ms. Xiao Min and Mr. Zhang Li. Currently, Mr. Gong Zhengliang is the chairman of the Audit Committee, and he has the appropriate
professional qualifications as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six
months ended June 30, 2026 and has confirmed that the interim results are in compliance with all applicable accounting principles,
standards and requirements and that adequate disclosures have been made. The Audit Committee has also discussed auditing and
financial reporting matters. The auditor of the Company has not reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026.
30   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     PRE-IPO EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
     In recognition of the contributions of our employees and to incentivize them to further promote our development, we adopted (i)
     the share option plan (the “Share Option Plan”) approved on January 20, 2023 and effective from December 31, 2021, as amended
     from time to time, with Nanjing Xuande, Nanjing Mude, Nanjing Chengde, Nanjing Gande and Nanjing Yinde as the Equity Incentive
     Platforms; and (ii) the share incentive plan (the “Share Incentive Plan”, together with the Share Option Plan, “Pre-IPO Equity Incentive
     Plans”) on February 24, 2022, as amended from time to time, with Zhengli No. 1, Zhengli No. 2, Zhengli No. 3, Zhengli No. 4, Zhengli
     No. 5, Zhengli No. 6, Zhengli No. 7, Zhengli No. 8 and Zhengli No. 9 as the Equity Incentive Platforms.


     The terms of the Pre-IPO Equity Incentive Plans are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as each of the Pre
     IPO Equity Incentive Plans does not involve the grant of new options or awards by our Company after the Listing. The Pre-IPO Equity
     Incentive Plans will not cause any dilution of the shareholding of our Shareholders after the Listing given all underlying Shares of the
     options and awards granted under the Pre-IPO Equity Incentive Plans were already issued to the Equity Incentive Platforms.


     For further details on the Share Option Plan and the Share Incentive Plan, as well as the structure of our Equity Incentive Platforms,
     please refer to “Statutory and General Information – Pre-IPO Equity Incentive Plans” in the Prospectus.


     CHANGES TO THE BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS
     AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     On May 31, 2026, Mr. Hong Ping (洪平) resigned from his position as a Supervisor. On June 26, 2026, Mr. Wu Hao (吳昊) was elected
     by the Shareholders as a Supervisor of the Company. Biographical details of Mr. Wu Hao are set out in the announcement of the
     Company dated May 31, 2026 and the circular of the Company dated June 4, 2026.


     For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated May 31, 2026 and June 26, 2026 and the circular of the
     Company dated June 4, 2026.


     Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in the information of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management that is
     required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim
     report.
                                                                                                                                                                     2026 Interim Report           31




                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




USE OF PROCEEDS
Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering
The Company’s H Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on April 14, 2025. The Company received net proceeds of approximately
HK$927.5 million from the Global Offering. As of June 30, 2026, the Group had utilized approximately HK$729.6 million of the net
proceeds from the Global Offering in accordance with the relevant disclosures in the Prospectus, and the remaining unutilized net
proceeds amounted to approximately HK$197.9 million. Details are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                               Unutilized   Net proceeds                                             Proposed
                                                                           Approximate                     balance of net         utilized                         Unutilized          timeline
                                                                            percentage                     proceeds as of     during the     Net proceeds      balance of net      for utilizing
                                                                            of total net   Allocation of   December 31,        Reporting      utilized as of   proceeds as of    unutilized net
    Item                                                                      proceeds     net proceeds             2025           Period    June 30, 2026      June 30, 2026        proceeds
                                                                                           (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)
    1       Expansion of our production capacity and construction                 80.0%            741.9            258.8             62.3            545.4              196.5
            of intelligent manufacturing facilities and flexible
            manufacturing lines
            (1) Construction, equipment purchases and preparation                 44.0%           408.1                –                –             408.1                 –
                costs in relation to the construction of Phase I of the
                new production facility in Changshu
            (2) Construction, equipment purchases and preparation                 36.0%           333.8             258.8            62.3             137.3             196.5         Before
                costs in relation to the construction of Phase II of the                                                                                                         December 31,
                new Changshu production facility                                                                                                                                       2027
    2       Various R&D activities                                                10.0%             92.8             15.1            13.7              91.4                1.4
            (1) Exploring various new battery electrochemistries and               5.0%             46.4             15.1            13.7              45.0                1.4        Before
                advanced materials                                                                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                       2027
            (2) Optimizing the next-generation intelligent                         1.5%             13.9               –                –              13.9                 –
                manufacturing capabilities to improve manufacturing
                efficiency and product quality, such as root cause
                analysis system, contactless vision system, quality
                system for winding and coating, and multi-layer
                coating technology
            (3) Development of high-power battery cells and battery                1.5%             13.9               –                –              13.9                 –
                systems for application in low-altitude economy
                scenarios and related industries
            (4) Further developing semi-solid-state and solid-state                1.0%              9.3               –                –               9.3                 –
                battery products and technologies, which improves
                thermal stability and battery safety
            (5) Development of high energy density ultra-fast                      1.0%              9.3               –                –               9.3                 –
                  charging battery products and technologies, focusing
                  on the standardized battery cells, platformed battery
                  packs and diversified electrochemistries and advanced
                  materials to improve battery performance in terms of
                  charging speed
    3       Providing funding for working capital and other general               10.0%             92.8               –                –              92.8                 –
            corporate purposes*
    Total                                                                       100.0%            927.5            273.9             76.0             729.6             197.9


*           To fund working capital and other general corporate purposes, primarily for payments for raw materials, energy expenses and administrative
            expenses, etc.

The Group will utilize the net proceeds from the Global Offering for the proposed purposes as set out in the section headed “Future
Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus.
32   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION




     Use of Proceeds from the Placing
     The Company completed the Placing of 45,921,000 new H Shares under the general mandate on the Stock Exchange on October
     24, 2025. The net proceeds from the Placing (after deducting the placing commission and other related expenses and professional
     fees) amount to approximately HK$500.4 million. As of June 30, 2026, the Group had utilized approximately HK$204.5 million of the
     net proceeds from the Placing in accordance with the relevant disclosures in the announcements of the Company dated October 17,
     2025 and October 24, 2025, and the remaining unutilized net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$295.9 million. Details are set
     out in the table below:


                                                                                                                 Unutilized                                                            Proposed
                                                                             Approximate                     balance of net    Net proceeds                           Unutilized        timeline
                                                                              percentage                     proceeds as of   utilized during   Net proceeds      balance of net     for utilizing
                                                                              of total net   Allocation of   December 31,     the Reporting      utilized as of   proceeds as of   unutilized net
         Item                                                                   proceeds     net proceeds             2025            Period    June 30, 2026     June 30, 2026        proceeds
                                                                                             (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)
         1       To support the Group’s construction, equipment                    70.0%            350.4             350.4             78.3              78.3             272.1
                 purchases and preparation costs in relation to the
                 construction of Phase II of the new Changshu production
                 facility                                                                                                 v




                 (1) used for the construction of factories, manufacturing         24.5%            122.6             122.6             78.3              78.3              44.3           Before
                        lines and supportive warehouses                                                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                            2027
                 (2) used for the purchase and installation of production          42.0%            210.2             210.2                –                 –             210.2           Before
                        equipment, storage equipment, control systems and                                                                                                          December 31,
                        equipment                                                                                                                                                           2027
                 (3) used for preliminary production preparation, trial              3.5%             17.6             17.6                –                 –              17.6           Before
                        production and other expenses                                                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                            2027
         2       Pilot production line construction of all-solid-state             10.0%              50.0             50.0             50.0              50.0                –
                 batteries
         3       Research and development activities                               10.0%              50.0             29.8               6.0             26.2              23.8           Before
                                                                                                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                            2027
         4       Working capital and general corporate purposes*                   10.0%              50.0               –                 –              50.0                –
         Total                                                                    100.0%            500.4            430.2             134.3            204.5             295.9


     *           For working capital and general corporate purposes, primarily for payments for raw materials, energy expenses and administrative expenses,
                 etc.

     The Group will utilize the net proceeds from the Placing for the proposed purposes as set out in the paragraph headed “Use of
     Proceeds from the Placing” in the announcement of the Company dated October 24, 2025.
                                                                                           2026 Interim Report      33



INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 Notes         2026                      2025
                                                                         (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


REVENUE                                                           4        5,438,405                 3,172,028


Cost of sales                                                             (4,758,040)               (2,603,344)


Gross profit                                                                680,365                   568,684


Other income and gains                                            4           59,390                    27,267
Selling and marketing expenses                                               (19,375)                  (16,404)
Administrative expenses                                                     (167,825)                 (172,723)
Research and development expenses                                           (268,148)                 (252,858)
Impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets, net    5          (13,328)                   (5,182)
Other expenses                                                               (12,124)                  (27,331)
Finance costs                                                                (76,602)                  (68,223)
Share of profits of joint ventures                                          169,623                   160,250


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                           351,976                   213,480


Income tax credit                                                 6           19,668                     6,945


PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
  FOR THE PERIOD                                                            371,644                   220,425


Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                      371,644                   220,425


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT


Basic and diluted (RMB)                                           8             0.15                      0.09
34   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     30 June 2026




                                                                                      30 June     31 December
                                                                           Notes         2026            2025
                                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                         9       10,277,531       7,604,958
      Right-of-use assets                                                   10        487,140         505,749
      Goodwill                                                                           1,277          1,277
      Other intangible assets                                               11        314,551         354,166
      Investments in joint ventures                                         12       3,291,216       3,510,598
      Deferred tax assets                                                             200,611         186,621
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                  76,746          87,584


      Total non-current assets                                                      14,649,072      12,250,953


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Inventories                                                                    2,400,989       1,226,780
      Trade and bills receivables                                           13       2,803,615       1,699,741
      Bills receivables at fair value through other comprehensive income              322,194         342,986
      Contract assets                                                                    1,384          2,201
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                 628,102         264,159
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           105,082         108,979
      Restricted bank balances                                                       1,048,728        973,490
      Time deposits                                                                          –        103,722
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                      4,821,806       4,182,585


      Total current assets                                                          12,131,900       8,904,643


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade and bills payables                                              14       7,542,062       5,014,434
      Other payables and accruals                                           15       2,610,131       1,676,466
      Contract liabilities                                                             34,614          38,684
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                     2,363,230       1,858,474
      Lease liabilities                                                                30,176          31,216
      Provision                                                                        75,500          59,346


      Total current liabilities                                                     12,655,713       8,678,620


      NET CURRENT (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS                                                (523,813)       226,023


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         14,125,259      12,476,976
                                                                                 2026 Interim Report   35




                           INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION




                                                                      30 June        31 December
                                                        Notes            2026                2025
                                                                   (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                           5,030,548           3,835,312
Lease liabilities                                                     113,352             114,049
Provision                                                             457,074             366,018
Deferred income                                                        11,198               24,636
Deferred tax liabilities                                               39,512               45,190


Total non-current liabilities                                        5,651,684           4,385,205


Net assets                                                           8,473,575           8,091,771


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                            16          2,554,421           2,554,421
Reserves                                                             5,919,154           5,537,350


Total equity                                                         8,473,575           8,091,771
36   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                                           Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                      Share-based
                                                             Share          Capital        payment               Other          Merger          Special        Reserve Accumulated              Total
                                                            capital        reserve*        reserve*        reserve*            reserve*        reserve*         funds*          losses*        equity
                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                          (Note 16)


         As at 1 January 2026                             2,554,421       5,122,272         63,204               4,713        2,110,994           4,576         29,262      (1,797,671)     8,091,771
         Profit and total comprehensive income
           for the period (unaudited)                            –               –               –                   –               –                  –              –       371,644       371,644
         Share-based payments (unaudited)                        –               –          10,160                   –               –                  –              –                –     10,160
         Safety fund appropriation to special reserve
           (unaudited)                                           –               –               –                   –               –                437              –          (437)            –


         As at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                   2,554,421       5,122,272         73,364               4,713        2,110,994           5,013         29,262      (1,426,464)     8,473,575




                                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                             Share-based
                                                                 Share           Capital        payment                    Other            Merger           Special Accumulated                Total
                                                                capital       premium*           reserve*                reserve*          reserve*         reserve*          losses*         equity
                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                             (Note 16)


         As at 1 January 2025                                2,386,976        3,935,293               31,529               4,713          2,110,994           3,135        (2,575,518)      5,897,122
         Profit and total comprehensive income
           for the period (unaudited)                                 –                –                  –                    –                 –                –          220,425         220,425
         Share-based payments (unaudited)                             –                –              21,316                   –                 –                –                 –         21,316
         Issuance of ordinary shares relating to
           initial public offering, net of underwriting
           commissions and other issuance costs
           (unaudited)                                         121,524          777,994                   –                    –                 –                –                 –        899,518
         Safety fund appropriation to special reserve
           (unaudited)                                                –                –                  –                    –                 –            1,165            (1,165)             –


         As at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                      2,508,500        4,713,287               52,845               4,713          2,110,994           4,300        (2,356,258)      7,038,381


     *         These reserve accounts represent the total consolidated reserves of RMB4,529,881,000 and RMB5,919,154,000 in the interim condensed
               consolidated statements of financial position as at 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2026, respectively.
                                                                                             2026 Interim Report      37



INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                 2026                      2025
                                                                           (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                             351,976                   213,480
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               377,736                   298,751
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           19,539                    17,000
  Amortisation of other intangible assets                                       40,188                    42,330
  Share-based payment expenses                                                  10,160                    21,316
  Share of profits of joint ventures                                          (169,623)                 (160,250)
  Impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets, net                13,328                     5,182
  Impairment losses on inventories                                              48,311                    21,875
  Finance costs                                                                 76,602                    68,223
  Interest income                                                              (14,714)                  (14,962)
  Losses on structured deposits and wealth management products                     670                         –
  Losses on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and
     other intangible assets, net                                                3,615                    11,105


                                                                              757,788                   524,050


Increase in inventories                                                     (1,222,520)                 (256,086)
Increase in deferred income                                                    (13,438)                        –
(Increase)/decrease in restricted bank balances                                (75,238)                   33,658
Decrease/(increase) in time deposits with original maturity of more than
  three months to one year when acquired                                      103,722                       (853)
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                     (1,599,708)                 (131,888)
Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                             817                       (25)
Decrease/(increase) in bills receivable at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                          20,792                  (149,788)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     34,295                   (79,911)
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                              13,014                   (47,833)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables                              2,502,665                  (109,702)
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                     (4,070)                   24,223
Increase in provision                                                         107,210                     53,784


Cash from/(used in) operations                                                625,329                   (140,371)


Interest received                                                               14,714                    14,962
Income tax paid                                                                       –                     (341)


Net cash flows from/(used) in operating activities                            640,043                   (125,750)
38   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                                          (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Dividends received from joint ventures                                                 347,005                 295,644
      Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                          2,026                   178
      Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
         other intangible assets                                                           (1,970,517)          (1,598,358)
      Subscription of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                (3,240,000)                     –
      Redemption of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   3,243,227                      –
      Receipt of government grants for property, plant and equipment and
         right-of-use assets                                                                  16,792                       –
      Disposal of an associate                                                                42,000                       –


      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                          (1,559,467)          (1,302,536)


      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Payment of listing expenses                                                                   –                 (1,084)
      Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares relating to the initial public offering             –                903,258
      Lease payments                                                                           (6,149)                (6,481)
      New interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                        2,814,757            1,596,303
      Repayment of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                              (1,158,166)           (629,327)
      Interest paid                                                                           (84,764)               (78,939)


      Net cash flows from financing activities                                              1,565,678            1,783,730


      NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                              646,254                 355,444
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                      4,182,585            2,199,072
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                             (7,033)                (5,819)


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                            4,821,806            2,548,697
                                                                                                2026 Interim Report   39




                                    INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                             5,870,534            3,575,678
Less: Time deposits with original maturity between three months to
       one year when acquired                                                      1,043,646                102,835
     Restricted bank balances                                                          5,082                924,146


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the condensed consolidated statement of
  cash flows and statement of financial position                                   4,821,806            2,548,697
40   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




     1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
           The Company was established in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) with limited liability on 26 February 2019 and was
           converted into a joint stock company on 17 July 2024. The registered office of the Company is located at No. 68 Xin’anjiang
           Road, Dongnan Community, Changshu, Jiangsu Province, PRC.


           The Company and its subsidiaries were principally engaged in developing a multi-pathway portfolio of market-driven and
           technology-fueled battery products.


     2.1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
           The interim condensed consolidated financial information ended 30 June 2026 has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34
           Interim Financial Reporting . The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information
           and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated
           financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.


     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
           The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are consistent
           with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025,
           except for the adoption of the following amended IFRS Accounting Standard for the first time for the current period’s financial
           information.


           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                     Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments


           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                     Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity


           Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting              Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7
                 Standards – Volume 11


           The nature and the impact of the amended IFRS Accounting Standards are described below:


           (a)      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments clarify
                    that a financial asset is derecognised when the entity’s rights to the contractual cash flows expire or are transferred, while
                    a financial liability is derecognised on the settlement date. The amendments introduce an accounting policy option
                    to derecognised a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if
                    specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial
                    assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments
                    clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments.
                    The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value
                    through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. Since the Group’s accounting
                    policy for the derecognition of financial assets and liabilities in prior years aligned with the amendments and the Group
                    did not have the financial assets that were addressed by the amendments, the amendments did not have any impact on
                    the interim condensed consolidated financial information.
                                                                                                                2026 Interim Report   41




                    NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)
     (b)   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application of the “own-
           use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow
           hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users of
           financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance and future cash
           flows. As the Group did not have any contracts that are in the scope of the amendments, the amendments did not have
           any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.


     (c)   Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out narrow scope amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS
           7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7 ), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7. The amendments include
           clarifications, simplifications, corrections or changes to improve consistency in the corresponding IFRS Accounting
           Standards. The amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.


3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE
     The Group is principally engaged in developing a multi-pathway portfolio of market-driven and technology-fueled battery
     products. Information reported to the Group’s chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of resource allocation and
     performance assessment, focuses on the operating results of the Group as a whole as the Group’s resources are integrated and
     no discrete operating segment financial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is presented.


     Geographical information
     Almost all the non-current assets of the Group are physically located in the Chinese mainland. The geographical locations of
     customers are based on the locations at which the customers operate, and almost all of the revenue of the Group was derived
     from operations in the Chinese mainland during the period.


     Information about major customers
     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, revenue of approximately RMB3,634,815,000 (30 June 2025: RMB2,823,013,000) was
     derived from sales to customers which contributed more than 10% of the Group’s total revenue, including sales to a group of
     entities which are known to be under common control with those customers.
42   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




     4.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
           Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers:


                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


            Types of goods
            Power battery                                                                              4,576,839           2,985,306
            Energy storage system and others                                                            861,566               186,722


            Total revenue from contracts with customers                                                5,438,405           3,172,028


            Timing of revenue recognition
            Goods and services transferred at a point in time                                          5,438,405           3,172,028


           Geographical markets
           Since almost all of the revenue of the Group was derived from operations in Chinese mainland during the six months ended 30
           June 2026 and 2025, revenue from the overseas markets of the Group was assessed as not material.


           An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:


                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


            Other income
            Government grants                                                                            42,558                11,218
            Interest income                                                                              14,714                14,962
            Others                                                                                        2,118                 1,087


            Total other income                                                                           59,390                27,267
                                                                                                                  2026 Interim Report    43




                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging:


                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)


      Cost of sales of goods                                                                      4,709,729               2,581,469
      Impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets, net                                 13,328                    5,182
      Impairment losses on inventories                                                               48,311                  21,875
      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                               4,771                  15,966


6.   INCOME TAX
     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members of
     the Group are domiciled and operate.


     Chinese mainland
     The subsidiaries established in Chinese mainland are subject to tax at the statutory rate of 25% on the taxable profits
     determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law.


     The Company was qualified as a High and New Technology Enterprises in 2022 and was entitled to a preferential tax rate of
     15% from 2022 to 2024. The certificate was renewed in 2025 that the Company entitled to the preferential tax rate of 15% from
     2025 to 2027.


     Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group
     operates.


                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)


      Current income tax                                                                                   –                     75
      Deferred tax credit                                                                           (19,668)                  (7,020)


      Income tax expense recognised in statement of profit or loss                                  (19,668)                  (6,945)
44   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




     7.    DIVIDENDS
           No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June
           2025: Nil).


     8.    EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
           PARENT
           The basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company by the
           weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.


           The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the period.


                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026                    2025
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


            Profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB’000)                                       371,644                 220,425
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding                                2,554,420,852           2,439,248,241


            Basic and diluted earnings per share (expressed in RMB per share)                               0.15                    0.09


     9.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired assets at a cost of RMB3,072,509,000 (six months ended 30
           June 2025: RMB871,700,000).


           Assets with a net book value of RMB5,408,000 were disposed of by the Group during the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six
           months ended 30 June 2025: RMB19,576,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB3,615,000 (six months ended 30 June
           2025: RMB11,105,000).


     10. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded an addition of right-of-use assets amounting to RMB930,000
           (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB344,397,000).


     11. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired intangible assets of approximately RMB573,000 (six months
           ended 30 June 2025: RMB8,314,000).
                                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report    45




                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




12. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                   30 June            31 December
                                                                                                      2026                     2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)                (Audited)


    Share of net assets                                                                            409,010                  628,392
    Goodwill on acquisition                                                                      2,882,206                2,882,206


    Total                                                                                        3,291,216                3,510,598


13. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                   30 June            31 December
                                                                                                      2026                     2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)                (Audited)


    Trade receivables                                                                            3,290,535                2,070,418
    Bank acceptance bills receivables                                                              145,299                  248,999


                                                                                                 3,435,834                2,319,417


    Impairment                                                                                    (632,219)                (619,676)


    Net carrying amount                                                                          2,803,615                1,699,741


   An ageing analysis of the Group’s trade and bills receivables, based on recognition date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                   30 June            31 December
                                                                                                      2026                     2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)                (Audited)


    Within 3 months                                                                              2,764,637                1,472,791
    3 to 6 months                                                                                   32,040                  224,833
    6 months to 1 year                                                                                6,874                   1,842
    1 to 2 years                                                                                         64                     275


    Total                                                                                        2,803,615                1,699,741
46   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




     14. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
           An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables, based on recognition date, is as follows:


                                                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                                                               2026           2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)        (Audited)


            Within 1 year                                                                                  7,541,193      5,011,120
            1 to 2 years                                                                                        267          3,060
            2 to 3 years                                                                                        602            254


            Total                                                                                          7,542,062      5,014,434


     15. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                                                               2026           2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)        (Audited)


            Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                         2,319,463      1,392,012
            Payroll and welfare payable                                                                     115,847        139,043
            Accrued expenses                                                                                 64,943         55,386
            Other tax payables                                                                               65,231         33,795
            Other payables                                                                                   44,647         56,230


            Total                                                                                          2,610,131      1,676,466
                                                                                                               2026 Interim Report    47




                    NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




16. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                 30 June           31 December
                                                                                                    2026                    2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Audited)


    Issued and fully paid:
    Share capital                                                                              2,554,421               2,554,421


   A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                                 30 June           31 December
                                                                                                    2026                    2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Audited)


    At the beginning of the period/year                                                        2,554,421               2,386,976
    Issuance of ordinary shares related to the initial public offering                                  –                121,524
    Issuance of ordinary shares under general mandate                                                   –                 45,921


    At the end of the period/year                                                              2,554,421               2,554,421


   In connection with the listing of the shares of the Company on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
   Exchange”), 121,523,700 ordinary shares of RMB1 each were issued at a price of HKD8.27 per share for a total cash consideration,
   before expenses, of approximately HKD1,005,000,000 (equivalent to RMB934,100,000). Dealings in the shares of the Company
   on the Stock Exchange commenced on 14 April 2025.


   In October 2025, 45,921,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each were issued at a price of HK$10.98 per share,
   for a total cash consideration before expenses of approximately HK$504,213,000 (equivalent to RMB460,175,000).


17. COMMITMENTS
   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period/year:


                                                                                                 30 June           31 December
                                                                                                    2026                    2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)               (Audited)


    Property, plant and equipment                                                              2,705,904                 494,410
48   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




     18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           (a) Transactions with related parties:
                 In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Group had the following transactions
                 with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2026                    2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


                   Joint ventures
                     Reception of labor services
                     STAES                                                                                   278                        –


                     Receipt of rental services
                     Jiangsu Aiev New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd.                                             –                   1,959


                     Purchase of property, plant and equipment
                     Jiangsu Aiev New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd.                                        6,285                        –


                     Provision of labor services
                     Jiangsu Aiev New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd.                                             5                       –


           (b) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2026                    2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


                   Short term employee benefits                                                            6,233                    4,704
                   Share-based payment expenses                                                            2,301                    3,386
                   Pension scheme contributions                                                              453                     461


                   Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                     8,987                    8,551
                                                                                                                   2026 Interim Report    49




                  NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, restricted bank balances, trade and
   bills receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and bills payables, financial
   liabilities included in other payables and accruals, and short-term interest-bearing bank and other borrowings approximate to
   their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.


   The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for
   the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief financial officer. At each
   reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the
   major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.


   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a
   current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions
   were used to estimate the fair values:


   The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings have been calculated by discounting the
   expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
   maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank borrowings
   as at 30 June 2026 were assessed to be insignificant.
50   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




     19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (CONTINUED)
           The fair values of bills receivable at fair value through other comprehensive income have been calculated by discounting
           the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
           maturities.


           The changes in fair values as a result of the Group for bills receivable at fair value through other comprehensive income as at
           30 June 2026 were assessed to be insignificant.


           The Group invests in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which represents wealth management products. The
           Group has estimated the fair values of these wealth management products based on the net values announced by the issuers
           at the end of the reporting period.


           The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


           Assets measured at fair value:


           As at 30 June 2026


                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                                       Quoted           Significant
                                                                      prices in        observable           Significant
                                                               active markets               inputs      unobservable
                                                                       Level 1             Level 2             Level 3             Total
                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


            Bills receivables at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                                    –            322,194                       –       322,194
            Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss                                                –            105,082                       –       105,082


            Total                                                            –            427,276                       –       427,276
                                                                                                                2026 Interim Report   51




                   NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
   As at 31 December 2025


                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                             Quoted           Significant
                                                             prices in        observable          Significant
                                                       active markets             inputs       unobservable
                                                              Level 1             Level 2            Level 3                Total
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                            (Audited)          (Audited)           (Audited)            (Audited)


    Bills receivables at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                   –            342,986                   –             342,986
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                               –            108,979                   –             108,979


    Total                                                           –            451,965                   –             451,965


   The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.


   During the reporting period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers
   into or out of Level 3.


20. APPROVAL OF THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
   directors on 31 August 2026.
52   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     DEFINITIONS


     In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:


     “Articles of Association”                       the articles of association of the Company


     “associate(s)”                                  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


     “Audit Committee”                               the audit committee of the Board


     “Board”                                         the board of Directors of the Company


     “CABIA”                                         China Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance


     “CG Code” or “Corporate Governance Code”        the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules in force
                                                     during the Reporting Period


     “China” or “PRC”                                the People’s Republic of China, for the purposes of this interim report and for
                                                     geographical reference only, unless otherwise indicated, excluding Hong Kong, Macao
                                                     Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China, and Taiwan Region


     “Company” or “the Company”                      Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd. (江蘇正力新能電池技術股份
                                                     有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on February 26, 2019
                                                     as Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technology Company Limited (江蘇正力新能電池技術
                                                     有限公司) and converted into a joint stock company with limited liability on July 17,
                                                     2024


     “Controlling Shareholder(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                                                     otherwise requires, refers to Ms. Cao Fang and Mr. Chen Jicheng, together with their
                                                     close associates, namely Zhengli Consulting, Zenergy Investment, SINOGY VC, Nanjing
                                                     Miaode, Nanjing Xuande, Zhengli No. 1 and Zhengli No. 2


     “Director(s)”                                   the director(s) of the Company


     “Equity Incentive Platforms”                    the pre-IPO equity incentive platforms of the Group, namely Nanjing Xuande, Nanjing
                                                     Mude, Nanjing Chengde, Nanjing Gande, Nanjing Yinde, Zhengli No. 1, Zhengli No. 2,
                                                     Zhengli No. 3, Zhengli No. 4, Zhengli No. 5, Zhengli No. 6, Zhengli No. 7, Zhengli No. 8
                                                     and Zhengli No. 9


     “ESS”                                           energy storage system, a device that can store and output power, consisting of
                                                     multiple subsystems such as battery system and energy management system


     “EV” or “electric vehicle”                      new energy vehicles, mainly comprising battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid
                                                     electric vehicles
                                                                                                             2026 Interim Report     53




                                                                                                             DEFINITIONS




“Global Offering”                        the offer of the Shares for subscription as described in the section headed “Structure
                                         of the Global Offering” in the Prospectus


“Group” or “we” or “our” or “us”         the Company and its subsidiaries


“GWh”                                    a unit of electricity, 1 GWh=1,000,000 KWh


“H Share(s)”                             listed ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of
                                         RMB1.00 each, which is/are subscribed for and traded in HK dollars and listed on the
                                         Hong Kong Stock Exchange


“HK$” or “HKD”                           Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“Hong Kong” or “HK”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  “Stock Exchange”


“IFRS”                                   the International Financial Reporting Standards


“installed capacity” or “installation”   the volume of battery products installed in EVs or ESSs, usually expressed in electricity
                                         unit of GWh, MWh, or KWh


“LFP”                                    a lithium-ion battery that uses lithium iron phosphate (LiFePO4) as the cathode
                                         material


“LISA”                                   interconnected land, sea and air application scenarios for our battery products


“Listing”                                the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Listing Date”                           April 14, 2025, the date on which the H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the
                                         Stock Exchange


“Listing Rules”                          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as amended from
                                         time to time


“lithium”                                a metal chemical element, of which the element symbol is Li, and the atomic number
                                         is 3


“Main Board”                             the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange which
                                         is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Stock Exchange
54   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     DEFINITIONS




     “Model Code”                                  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                                                   Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

     “MWh”                                         a unit of electricity, 1MWh=1,000KWh

     “Nanjing Chengde”                             Nanjing Chengde Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南京澄
                                                   德企業管理顧問合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in the PRC on April 3,
                                                   2018, which is an Equity Incentive Platform

     “Nanjing Gande”                               Nanjing Gande Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南京淦德
                                                   企業管理顧問合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in the PRC on April 3,
                                                   2018, which is an Equity Incentive Platform

     “Nanjing Miaode”                              Nanjing Miaode Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南京淼
                                                   德企業管理顧問合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on July 7,
                                                   2017, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

     “Nanjing Mude”                                Nanjing Mude Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南京沐德
                                                   企業管理顧問合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in the PRC on April 3,
                                                   2018, which is an Equity Incentive Platform

     “Nanjing Xuande”                              Nanjing Xuande Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南京泫
                                                   德企業管理顧問合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on July 7,
                                                   2017, which is an Equity Incentive Platform and one of our Controlling Shareholders

     “Nanjing Yinde”                               Nanjing Yinde Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南京胤德
                                                   企業管理顧問合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in the PRC on April 3,
                                                   2018, which is an Equity Incentive Platform

     “NCM”                                         a type of lithium-ion battery chemistry that uses a combination of Nickel (Ni), Cobalt (Co), and
                                                   Manganese (Mn) as key materials in the cathode. Given different ratios of nickel, cobalt, and
                                                   manganese, it can be classified into NCM523, NCM613, NCM811, etc.

     “OEM”                                         automotive original equipment manufacturer

     “Placing”                                     the placing of 45,921,000 H Shares pursuant to the terms of the placing agreement

     “Prospectus”                                  the prospectus of the Company dated April 3, 2025

     “R&D”                                         research and development

     “Remuneration and Evaluation Committee”       the remuneration and evaluation committee of the Board

     “Renminbi” or “RMB”                           the lawful currency of the PRC

     “Reporting Period”                            the period commencing from January 1, 2026 and ending on June 30, 2026


     “SFO” or “Securities and Futures Ordinance”   the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                                   amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
                                                                                            2026 Interim Report    55




                                                                                            DEFINITIONS




“Share(s)”                  ordinary Share(s) of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, comprising
                            H Share(s) and Unlisted Share(s)


“SINOGY VC”                 Changshu SINOGY Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (常熟新中源創業投資有限公司), a
                            limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on March 15, 2013, and one of our
                            Controlling Shareholders


“STAES”                     Sinogy Toyota Automotive Energy System Co., Ltd. (新中源豐田汽車能源系統有
                            限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on November 12, 2013,
                            owned by (i) the Company as to 50%; (ii) Toyota Motor Corporation (a company listed
                            on Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange (stock code: 7203), on New
                            York Stock Exchange (ticker: TM) and on London Stock Exchange (stock code: TYT)) as
                            to 35%; (iii) Toyota Battery Co., Ltd. (豐田電池有限公司) (formerly known as Primearth
                            EV Energy 株式会社) as to 10%; and (iv) Toyota Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (豐
                            田汽車(中國)投資有限公司) as to 5%


“subsidiary(ies)”           has the meaning ascribed to it under Schedule 1 to the Companies Ordinance
                            (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong)


“Supervisor(s)”             the supervisor(s) of the Company


“Unlisted Shares”           ordinary share(s) issued by the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
                            which is/are not listed on any stock exchange


“United States” or “U.S.”   the United States of America and its territories


“Zenergy Investment”        Changshu Zenergy Investment Co., Ltd. (常熟正力投資有限公司), a limited liability
                            company incorporated in the PRC on August 10, 2016 and held as to 46%, 42% and
                            12% by Mr. Chen Jicheng, Ms. Cao Fang and SINOGY VC, respectively, and one of our
                            Controlling Shareholders


“Zhengli Consulting”        Changshu Zhengli Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (常熟正力管理諮詢有限公
                            司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on October 28, 2021 and held
                            by each of Ms. Cao and Mr. Chen as to 50%, respectively, and one of our Controlling
                            Shareholders


“Zhengli No. 1”             Changshu Zhengli No. 1 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                            (常熟正力壹號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated
                            in the PRC on March 25, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform and one of our
                            Controlling Shareholders
56   Jiangsu Zenergy Battery Technologies Group Co., Ltd.




     DEFINITIONS




     “Zhengli No. 2”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 2 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力貳號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated
                                                   in the PRC on April 29, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform and one of our
                                                   Controlling Shareholders


     “Zhengli No. 3”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 3 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力叁號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in
                                                   the PRC on March 26, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform


     “Zhengli No. 4”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 4 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力肆號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in
                                                   the PRC on March 26, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform


     “Zhengli No. 5”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 5 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力伍號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in
                                                   the PRC on March 26, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform


     “Zhengli No. 6”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 6 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力陸號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in
                                                   the PRC on March 26, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform


     “Zhengli No. 7”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 7 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力柒號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in
                                                   the PRC on March 26, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform


     “Zhengli No. 8”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 8 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力捌號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in
                                                   the PRC on March 31, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform


     “Zhengli No. 9”                               Changshu Zhengli No. 9 Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                                   (常熟正力玖號管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership incorporated in
                                                   the PRC on March 26, 2022, which is an Equity Incentive Platform


     “%”                                           per cent
