(於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司)
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
A Share Stock Code A股份代號：600547              H Share Stock Code H股份代號：1787




2024
INTERIM REPORT
中期報告
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                          2
Management Discussion and Analysis             3
Other Information                             35
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of   43
   Profit or Loss
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of   44
   Comprehensive Income
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of   45
   Financial Position
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of   47
   Changes in Equity
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of   49
   Cash Flows
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated   51
 Financial Statements
Definitions                                   74
2    SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


CORPORATE INFORMATION

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                   HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
Mr. Liu Qin                           Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
Mr. Wang Shuhai                       Suites 3203-3207
Mr. Tang Qi                           Edinburgh Tower
                                      The Landmark
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS               15 Queen’s Road Central
Mr. Li Hang                           Central, Hong Kong
Ms. Wang Xiaoling
                                      PRC LEGAL ADVISER
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE             Beijing Hualian Law Firm
DIRECTORS                             10th Floor, Gao Lan Building
Mr. Wang Yunmin                       No. 32 Liang Ma Qiao Road
Mr. Liew Fui Kiang                    Chaoyang District, Beijing
Ms. Zhao Feng                         The PRC
                                      Postal Code: 100125
SUPERVISORS
Mr. Li Xiaoping                       INTERNATIONAL AUDITOR
Ms. Liu Yanfen                        SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited
Mr. Luan Bo                           Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

AUDIT COMMITTEE                       DOMESTIC AUDITOR
Ms. Zhao Feng (Chairman)              ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
Mr. Li Hang                             (Special General Partnership)
Ms. Wang Xiaoling
Mr. Wang Yunmin                       H SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Liew Fui Kiang                    Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                      17/F, Far East Finance Centre
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                  16 Harcourt Road
Mr. Wang Yunmin (Chairman)            Hong Kong
Mr. Liu Qin
Mr. Liew Fui Kiang                    REGISTERED OFFICE AND
Ms. Zhao Feng                         HEADQUARTERS IN THE PRC
                                      No. 2503 Jingshi Road
REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL            Licheng District
COMMITTEE                             Jinan, Shandong Province
Mr. Liew Fui Kiang (Chairman)         The PRC
Mr. Wang Shuhai                       Postal Code: 250107
Mr. Tang Qi
Mr. Wang Yunmin                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Ms. Zhao Feng                         HONG KONG
                                      Rooms 4003-06
STRATEGY COMMITTEE                    China Resources Building
Mr. Li Hang (Chairman)                No. 26 Harbour Road
Ms. Wang Xiaoling                     Hong Kong
Mr. Wang Yunmin
Mr. Liew Fui Kiang                    STOCK CODE
                                      Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 01787
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES             Shanghai Stock Exchange: 600547
Mr. Tang Qi
Ms. Ng Sau Mei (FCG, HKFCG)           WEBSITE
                                      http://www.sdhjgf.com.cn
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024     3


                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW

Industry and Principal Business of the Company during the Reporting Period

Business Scope

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s approved business scope was mainly: exploration, mining, beneficiation
and sales of gold and non-ferrous metal, production, processing and sales of specialized equipment for gold mines and
construction and decoration materials (excluding products restricted by national laws and regulations). The Company’s
main products include standard gold bullions, investment gold bars, alloy gold and silver ingots.

The mining enterprises under the Company’s management are located in Shandong, Fujian, Inner Mongolia, Gansu,
Xinjiang, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Qinghai, Yunnan and other regions in the PRC, and overseas countries such as Argentina,
South America and Ghana, Africa, forming an integrated industry chain covering exploration, mining, beneficiation,
smelting of gold, deep processing and sales of gold products, as well as the manufacture of mining equipment, with
an industry-leading scientific and technological research and development system, and a mining finance business and
capital investment and financing support platform.

Operating Model

1.   Large-scale production and operation

     The Company focuses on the development and utilization of gold mineral resources. By adopting the gold
     production model of scattered mining and beneficiation and centralized smelting, the Company has utilized the
     mechanized and large-scale mining equipment, the automated transportation and lifting system, and the intelligent
     beneficiation technology to realize the large-scale, intensive and mechanized mining of gold resources. Relying
     on the world’s third largest gold mineralization belt, national-level integrated exploration area, and world-class
     extra-large gold mine enrichment area in the east region of Jiaodong Peninsula, the Company will accelerate
     the construction of a world-class gold resource industry base. The base is centered around the three resources
     integrated areas of Sanshandao Gold Mine, Jiaojia Gold Mine, and Xincheng Gold Mine, while also completing
     supporting construction projects in smelting, equipment manufacturing. In the first half of 2024, the Company
     completed the acquisition of the exploration right of Xiling Gold Mine, and integrated it with the original mining right
     of Sanshandao Gold Mine into a mining right, and is currently carrying out the related work of project construction.
     Jiaojia Gold Mine Resource Integration Project and Xincheng Gold Mine Resource Integration Project are
     progressing in an orderly manner. The Company successfully completed the equity acquisition of Baotou Changtai
     Mining, achieving the addition of more than 16 tonnes of gold metal in the acquisition, and will add one tonne of
     gold mine to Shandong Gold by increasing production capacity in the later period.

2.   Lean operation control

     The Company has a complete industrial chain integrating resource acquisition, geological exploration, mine
     production, equipment manufacturing, and industrial finance, and has formed a full-process closed-loop
     management system of plan release, process control, indicator implementation, and assessment and evaluation.
     The Company issued the Guiding Opinions on Strengthening Technical Management in an All-round Way and
     the list of tasks for upgrading technical management in 2024, to comprehensively improve the level of technical
     management and optimize the main production technical indicators. During the Reporting Period, the recovery rate
     of comprehensive processing and smelting of underground mines increased by 0.24 percentage point as compared
     with the same period of last year, while the mining loss rate decreased by 0.02 percentage point as compared with
     the same period of last year.
4    SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

3.   Technology and innovation-driven model

     The Company insists on in-depth implementation of the innovation-driven development strategy, attaches great
     importance to improve independent innovation capabilities, and continues to increase investment in technological
     innovation. In the first half of 2024, the R&D investment was RMB258 million, an increase of 56.5% over the
     same period last year; 26 invention patents were applied for, two enterprises were approved as a provincial-level
     “specialized and new” small and medium-sized enterprises, and three enterprises were approved as provincial-level
     innovative small and medium-sized enterprises; The achievement of “Key Technologies and Equipment for Intelligent
     Mining of Underground Metal Mines” won the second prize of the National Science and Technology Progress
     Award, and the “Research and Demonstration Project of Key Technologies and Equipment for Intelligent, Safe and
     Efficient Mining of Deep Resources” was selected as the “Top Ten Scientific and Technological Achievements” of
     Shandong Provincial Enterprises.

4.   Safe and green development

     The Company has solidly carried out the three-year action to tackle the root causes of safety production, and has
     made precise efforts to consolidate the foundation of safety production and comprehensively improve the level of
     intrinsic safety from the aspects of improving the system, strengthening education and training, upgrading the level
     of equipment, and strictly assessing rewards and punishments. The Company adheres to the concept of green
     and low-carbon development throughout the whole process of mining development, actively, steadily and orderly
     promotes the work of “carbon peaking and carbon neutral”, and coordinates to promote carbon reduction, pollution
     reduction, green expansion and growth. Focusing on consolidating and upgrading the construction of green mines,
     strengthening supervision and management, improving and perfecting the long-term management mechanism, and
     promoting the continuous improvement of construction quality, Xincheng Gold Mine won the title of “Water-saving
     Enterprise in Shandong Province (山東省節水型企業)” in the first half of 2024, and consolidated the brand image of
     “Ecological Shandong Gold”.

Analysis on Situation of the Company’s Industry during the Reporting Period

Industry Development

The current international environment is severe and complex, with the global landscape evolving rapidly. The gold
industry faces new challenges, including intensified competition for mineral resources, rising resource protectionism, and
increasingly fierce competition among leading enterprises. Meanwhile, due to a combination of factors such as market
expectations of a shift towards monetary easing by major global central banks, and ongoing geopolitical tensions, the
dual roles of gold as a hedge and an inflation protector have been significantly enhanced, leading to strong demand for
central bank gold purchases and gold investment consumption. The gold industry is thus presented with a favorable
development opportunity.

During the Reporting Period, the global macroeconomic and political landscape remained complex and intertwined. On
one hand, inflation levels in the United States have gradually declined but remain above the Federal Reserve’s policy
targets, while signs of economic weakness have emerged in the United States, leading to market expectations of interest
rate cuts by the Federal Reserve in the second half of 2024. On the other hand, global central banks’ monetary policies
have diverged, with some non-U.S. central banks, such as the European Central Bank, initiating rate cuts, raising
concerns that a wave of global rate cuts may reignite inflation risks. Additionally, the ongoing stalemate in the Ukraine
crisis, continued tensions in the Middle East between Israel and Palestine, and political instability due to elections in
several countries have added complexity to the global geopolitical landscape, increasing market demand for safe-haven
assets.
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024      5


                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Reporting Period, gold prices rose sharply and hit record highs. Gold prices have risen sharply amid
expectations that the Federal Reserve will cut interest rates this year, rising global inflation expectations and geopolitical
tensions. In the first half of 2024, the international spot gold price ranged from the highest of US$2,450/ounce to the
lowest of US$1,984/ounce, with a maximum volatility of US$466/ounce, closed at US$2,326/ounce, up by approximately
12.8% as compared to the closing price at the end of last year. The domestic RMB gold price was stronger than the
international gold price. The contract price of Shanghai Gold Exchange Au (T+D) reached the highest of RMB582/g
and the lowest of RMB476.03/g, and closed at RMB549.58/g in the first half of 2024, representing an increase of
approximately 14.5% over the closing price at the end of last year.

Looking ahead to the gold price trend in the second half of 2024, with the falling inflation in the United States and the
increasing pressure on the United States economy caused by the high interest rate environment, the expectation of the
Federal Reserve entering the monetary easing cycle will be further strengthened, while the elections in the United States
and Europe, the turmoil in the Middle East and Russia and Ukraine will also cause greater uncertainty to the global
geopolitical situation. In the future, the hedging and investment functions of gold will be further enhanced, and gold prices
are expected to continue the trend of high volatility in the second half of 2024.

Domestic Gold Trading Volume and Production

During the Reporting Period, the total amount of gold traded on the domestic gold exchanges increased significantly.
According to the statistics of the China Gold Association, the accumulated bilateral trading volume of all gold products
on the Shanghai Gold Exchange in the first half of 2024 was 29,800 tonnes (unilateral: 14,900 tonnes), representing a
year-on-year increase of 39.77%, with a bilateral turnover of RMB15.49 trillion (unilateral: RMB7.74 trillion), representing
a year-on-year increase of 68.48%. The accumulated bilateral trading volume of all gold products on the Shanghai
Futures Exchange was 80,100 tonnes (unilateral: 40,100 tonnes), representing a year-on-year increase of 34.74%, with
an accumulated bilateral turnover of RMB35.67 trillion (unilateral: RMB17.84 trillion), representing a year-on-year increase
of 58.58%.

During the Reporting Period, the domestic gold production continued to grow year-on-year. According to the statistics of
the China Gold Association, the gold produced with domestic raw materials was 179.634 tonnes in the first half of 2024,
an increase of 1.036 tonnes as compared to the same period in 2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.58%.
Among them, the gold mine-produced gold was 141.496 tonnes, and the non-ferrous by-products was 38.138 tonnes.
In addition, the gold produced from imported raw materials was 72.026 tonnes in the first half of 2024, representing a
year-on-year increase of 10.14%. When including this portion of gold produced from imported raw materials, a total of
251.660 tonnes of gold were produced nationwide, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.14%.

In recent years, in the context of the country’s comprehensive implementation of a new round of mineral exploration
breakthrough strategies, domestic gold enterprises have further intensified their resources exploration efforts while
carrying out mergers and acquisitions at home and abroad to increase their ability to acquire resources. In 2023, gold
industry enterprises continued to enhance technological innovation, promote comprehensive utilization of resources
and push ahead with green and low-carbon technologies in line with the concept of responsible gold mining. Key
conglomerates actively participated in and undertook projects under national major research and development plans by
establishing a series of engineering demonstrations to provide strong scientific and technological support for improving
the development and utilization of China’s gold mineral resources.
6    SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Industry Position of Shandong Gold

The Company is one of the leading gold producers in China, with abundant reserves of gold resources. Through
continuous optimization of production organization, intensification of resource exploration and active merger and
acquisition integration, the Company comprehensively enhanced the level of scientific and technological innovation,
continuously increased its gold production and resources, and its domestic mines have maintained the first place in
gold production for consecutive years. According to the statistics of the China Gold Association, in the year 2023, three
of the Company’s mines were selected as China Top Ten Mines in Gold Production and China Top Ten Mines in Gold
Economic Efficiency; in the year 2023, there were 38 independent mines in China with mine production of more than one
tonne of gold, and the Company possessed 12 of them, accounting for nearly one-third of the total. In the first half of
2024, the gold production of mines of the Company was 24.52 tonnes, equivalent to 17.33% of the gold production of
domestic mining enterprises, which continued to consolidate the dominant position of the domestic gold industry.

Analysis on the Core Competitiveness during the Reporting Period

Strategic Advantage

The Company firmly grasped the theme of high-quality development, strengthened the role of strategic leadership,
adhered to the drive of reform and innovation, and concentrated on the development of the main business. Focusing on
the development concept of “Safe Shandong Gold, Ecological Shandong Gold, Vibrant Shandong Gold and Humanistic
Shandong Gold”, and adhering to the philosophy that “technology is the primary productive force and innovation is
the first driving force”, the Company continued to increase investment in research and development, focused on the
core technologies of the industry, accelerated the building of scientific research platforms, actively developed and
promoted new technologies, new equipment and new processes, steadily pushed forward digital transformation and
the construction of intelligent mines, and activated the endogenous development momentum. The Company, following
the strategy of “internal growth and external expansion to optimize and increase resources”, is strengthening exploration
and reserve expansion internally while relying on the resource integration in important metallogenic zones to externally
acquire quality resources in an active manner, so as to continuously consolidate our leading position. Meanwhile, the
Company promoted the construction of overseas infrastructure mine enterprises, stabilized the output of in-production
mine enterprises, and enhanced the operational capacity of overseas production mines, striving to create a model for
high-quality development of overseas mining operations. Acting on the concept of “lucid waters and lush mountains
are invaluable assets”, the Company continuously improved the safety and environmental protection management
system, accelerating the formation of a new mode of mining development in line with the requirements of ecological
civilization. The Company always placed production safety in the position of “more important than everything else, prior
to everything else, higher than everything else, and overriding everything else”, promoted comprehensive upgrading of
mining enterprises in terms of management reform, technological innovation and process optimization to build up safety
production defenses and consolidate the foundation of intrinsic safety, steadily promoting the level of healthy, sustainable
and high-quality development.
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024     7


                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Advantage in Resource Superiority

The Company has been upholding the concept of “resource first, efficiency focused, innovation centered” in an
unswerving manner, continuously expanding its resource reserves, upgrading the quality of its resources, enhancing
its core competitiveness and strengthening its resource advantages. The Company carried out the exploration of self-
owned mining rights and the acquisition of resources in parallel, gave full play to the main role of mining enterprises
through finding mines by mines and focusing on the periphery and the deep part of the mines, conducted in-depth
research on the metallogenic rules, and increased the investment in exploration, so as to provide strong impetus and
resource support for the sustainable development of the mines. The Company continued to accelerate the exploration
progress of greenfield projects, innovated exploration techniques, applied new technologies and new methods, studied
and summarized mineralization theories, striving to make breakthroughs in prospecting. In the first half of 2024, the
acquisition of 70% equity of Baotou Changtai Mining Co., Ltd. (包頭市昶泰礦業有限責任公司) (“Baotou Changtai
Mining”), the completion of the acquisition of the exploration right of Xiling Gold Mine and the integration of the mining
right of Sanshandao Gold Mine, have substantially increased the Company’s resource reserves, effectively extended the
service life of the mines, and continuously promoted the Company’s high-quality development.

Advantage in the Company’s Scale

The Company is mainly engaged in the development and utilization of gold mineral resources, and has always been
in a leading position in the domestic mining industry in terms of equipment level and degree of mechanization of
mines. The construction of an “international first-class exemplary mine” at Sanshandao Gold Mine has led the pace
of mechanization, automation and intelligent construction of large and medium-sized mines of the Company. The
Company vigorously promotes smart mining systems, and its owned mines have completed the construction, application
and promotion of 105 intelligent typical application scenarios, including AI smart ore drawing systems, underground
rock crusher remote control systems, electric locomotive unmanned driving systems, and 5G+AI smart air-ground
collaborative drone application systems, gradually improving the level of mechanization, automation and intelligence. The
mechanization rate of mining operations of several enterprises, such as Xincheng Gold Mine and Jiaojia Gold Mine, has
reached over 50% and the automation control rate of auxiliary production systems in mines has reached 80%. Jiaojia
Gold Mine, Sanshandao Gold Mine and Xincheng Gold Mine have been on the list of “China Top Ten Gold Mines in terms
of Production Output” for several consecutive years, making the Company the only company which owns four mine
enterprises in China, each with cumulative gold production exceeding 100 tonnes. Shandong Gold Smelting Co., Ltd.
has enjoyed a leading position among the national top ten smelting and refining enterprises for many years.

Advantage in Scientific and Technological Innovation

The Company actively tackled key technological innovation and research work, and set up relevant key topics around
six directions: deep geological exploration, deep shaft construction, tailings reduction and resource utilization, refractory
smelting technology research, paste filling demonstration and smart support systems. The Company organized and
arranged corresponding scientific research forces and pilot application mines, and established a scheduling, supervision
and coordination mechanism, so that all research projects were carried out smoothly. Among them, Sanshandao Gold
Mine took the lead in a deep shaft construction project jointly tackled by five scientific research units and successfully
dug to the elevation of –1,590 meters, setting a record for the deepest shaft in Asia. “Ten years of sharpening a sword,
one day to test the edge”, in 2024, the Company made a huge breakthrough in the award of scientific and technological
achievements. The “Key Technologies and Equipment for Intelligent Mining of Underground Metal Mines” whose
declaration participated by the Company as the main completion unit won the second prize of the National Science and
Technology Progress Award. At the same time, the “Research and Demonstration Project on Key Technologies and
Equipment for Intelligent, Safe and Efficient Mining of Deep Earth Resources”, as a representative of the outstanding
scientific and technological achievements of provincial enterprises, was successfully selected into the “Top Ten Scientific
and Technological Achievements” of Shandong provincial enterprises. This project has broken through a number of key
technologies of smart and safe mining of deep resources, which comprehensively increased the level of deep resources
mining and safety assurance capabilities, and made outstanding contributions to the transformation and development of
China’s mining industry field in the direction of intelligent, smart and unmanned operation.
8    SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Talent Advantage

The Company has firmly established the candidate selection and appointment direction of “morality first, equal stress on
integrity and ability, emphasis on actual performance and public recognition”, actively improved the talent environment,
and promoted the building of three talent teams in “management, technology and skill”. The Company pays close
attention to the comprehensive cultivation of talents, innovates the talent development mechanism, focuses on the
annual goal of “digital intelligence empowerment, simultaneous improvement of quality and efficiency”, so as to provide
talent support for the development of new productive forces. The Company highlights the key points of introduction
and cultivation and optimizes the talent work echelon. The Company carried out special research on the cadre team,
formulated a plan to improve the staffing of young cadres, with the proportion of young cadres continuing to increase.
The Company consistently integrated external introduction and internal cultivation, introduced nine high-level full-time
young talents, and newly had five people to be selected in provincial and municipal talent projects. It consolidates
professional and technical strength and forms a talent hierarchy in which basic technical personnel, core technical
personnel and high-level scientific researchers support each other. The Company deepened the four-chain integration
mechanism, launched the National Mechanical, Metallurgical and Building Materials Industry Craftsman College (全
國機械冶金建材行業工匠學院) and the Shandong Metallurgical Craftsman College (山東冶金工匠學院), established
a self evaluation system for skilled talents in unique types of gold mining industry, unblocked the growth channels for
skilled talents, and continuously expanded the team of industrial workers. In the first half of 2024, the Company’s three
employees were newly awarded the title of “Qilu’s Chief Technician” and two employees were awarded the title of
“Shandong Province Technical Expert”.

Brand Advantage

Based in China, the Company optimized and expanded its principal gold business with an international vision. The
Company was included into the Sample Shares of the Shanghai Stock Exchange 50 Index, the Shanghai Stock
Exchange 180 Index, as well as the Sample Shares of three major international indices, namely the MSCI Indices, FTSE
Russell and S&P Dow Jones Indices for multiple times. In the first half of 2024, the Company won many awards including
the 2023 Best ESG Practice Award for Listed Companies and the Best Practice in Investor Relations Management. The
Company collaborated in promoting carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth in accordance
with the requirements of the Party Central Committee, the State Council, the provincial party committee and the provincial
government on the arrangement and deployment of collaboratively promoting ecological environment protection and
green and low-carbon development. The Company further promoted prevention and control of environmental pollution,
accelerated the progress of key environmental protection facilities construction projects, and strengthened special
inspections and supervision of environmental protection in key areas, effectively improving the corporate’s environmental
risk prevention capabilities. The Company continued to enhance and improve the construction of green mines, so as to
improve the brand image of “Ecological Shandong Gold”.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024    9


                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATING PERFORMANCE

In the first half of 2024, the Company fully implemented the decisions and arrangements of the Party Central Committee
and the State Council, firmly shouldering the responsibility of “stabilizing growth and making contributions”, and
anchoring the annual goal of “digital intelligence empowerment, simultaneous improvement of quality and efficiency”.
The Company put pressure on itself and took on the responsibilities bravely, focusing its efforts on development, and
successfully completed the half-year target task, and continued to consolidate the upward and positive development
trend.

I.    Major operations of the Company

      In the first half of 2024, the Company had the gold mine production volume of 24.52 tonnes, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 4.95 tonnes or 25.28%. As at 30 June 2024, the Company’s total assets were approximately
      RMB153,045 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB18,026 million or approximately 13.35% over
      the beginning of the period. The Company’s total liabilities were approximately RMB99,134 million, representing
      an increase of approximately RMB17,412 million or approximately 21.31% over the beginning of the period. The
      debt-to-asset ratio was approximately 64.77%, representing an increase of approximately 4.24 percentage points
      over the beginning of the period; the Company’s total equity was approximately RMB53,911 million, representing
      an increase of approximately RMB614 million or approximately 1.15% over the beginning of the period. During the
      Reporting Period, the Company achieved revenue of approximately RMB45,773 million, representing a year-on-year
      increase of approximately RMB18,349 million or 66.90%; achieved profit before tax of approximately RMB2,773
      million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately RMB1,445 million. The profit attributable to owners
      of the Company during the period was approximately RMB1,357 million, representing a year-on-year increase
      of approximately RMB502 million; weighted average return on net assets was approximately 4.9%, representing
      a year-on-year increase of approximately 2.15 percentage points; basic earnings per Share was RMB0.26,
      representing a year-on-year increase of RMB0.12 per Share.

II.   Main work carried out by the Company

      (I)    Adhere to high positioning, tap into potential and make more contributions. The Company determines
             the annual budget with high standards, subdivides and decomposes indicators based on one policy for
             one enterprise, and consolidates responsibilities at all levels. It improves management mechanisms such as
             dynamic monitoring of budget execution, early warning constraints, and assessment incentives to encourage
             enterprises to speed up and compete for the first place. The Company continues to optimize and adjust key
             work special teams, and has held twelve key work promotion meetings and special work meetings. It adheres
             to problem orientation, goal orientation, and result orientation, and implements precise policies to break
             bottlenecks, make up for shortcomings, activate capabilities and increase effectiveness.

      (II)   Keep your eyes inward and strengthen management to improve quality and enhance efficiency.
             The Company has made great efforts to manage production technology, carried out comprehensive top-
             down optimization of the production system, fully promoted the life cycle management system of equipment,
             and achieved integrated and standardized management of equipment in mining and metallurgical enterprises,
             increasing equipment utilization to over 95%. The Company further promoted “all employees, all positions, all
             factors, and the whole process” to reduce costs and enhance efficiency. The Company continued to carry out
             centralized procurement to reduce its procurement costs. The Company continued to optimize the financing
             structure, reduce comprehensive financing costs. The Company paid close attention to the changes in the
             market situation and comprehensively improved its gold price research and judgment capabilities. The sales
             price of self-produced gold was higher than the average price of Shanghai Gold Exchange for the same period.
             The Company strengthened audit supervision, completed economic responsibility audits and continuously
             improved the effectiveness of audit supervision with “investigating hidden dangers, plugging loopholes,
             preventing risks, strengthening management and promoting development” as the core.
10   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     (III) Adhere to key tasks and make precise efforts to consolidate support. The Company continued
           to increase its efforts to increase resource reserves, and invested a total of RMB310 million in exploration
           expenses in the first half of 2024, completing 330,000 meters of exploration projects, and increasing 21.9
           tonnes of gold metal in exploration. The Company completed the acquisition of 70% of the equity interests of
           Baotou Changtai Mining, achieving an increase of more than 16 tonnes of gold metal in the merger as well as
           an addition of a mature mine in production. The exploration right of Xiling Gold Mine were successfully injected
           into the Company and integrated with the mining rights of Sanshandao Gold Mine. The Company continued
           to accelerate the progress of project construction, in the first half of the year, a total of 452,600 cubic meters
           of engineering work was completed. Among them, the shaft construction of the auxiliary shaft project of
           Sanshandao Gold Mine exceeded the elevation of –1,590 meters, setting a new record for the deepest shaft in
           Asia; the main shaft project in the southern area of Jiaojia Gold Mine was completed, and the main shaft in the
           mining area I of Xincheng Gold Mine was put into use as planned. The auxiliary shaft project of 2,000 tonnes/day
           processing capacity expansion and transformation project of Chifengchai Mine was completed ahead of
           schedule, and the construction of key projects such as the concentrator and tailings pond of Cardinal project
           in Ghana exceeded the scheduled progress. The Company continued to speed up the process of applying for
           licenses, and obtained a number of licenses and related approvals in the first half of the year. Among them,
           the Sanshandao Gold Mine obtained a post-integration mining license of 15,000 tonnes per day, and the deep
           boundary and capacity expansion project of Jinchang division in Yinan Gold Mine obtained a mining license.

     (IV) Adhere to reform and innovation, stimulate vitality and enhance momentum. The Company focuses
          on improving core competitiveness and enhancing core functions, and implements the in-depth actions to
          deepen the reform and enhancement of the state-owned enterprises. The Company vigorously promotes
          scientific and technological innovation and accelerates the development of new quality productivity. In the first
          half of 2024, the Company invested RMB258 million in technological research and development expenses,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 56.5%. The Company applied for 26 invention patents, with one
          enterprise approved as a provincial-level enterprise R&D center, and two enterprises approved as provincial
          “specialized and new” small and medium-sized enterprises. The achievement of “Key Technologies and
          Equipment for Intelligent Mining of Underground Metal Mines” won the second prize of the National Science
          and Technology Progress Award, and the “Research and Demonstration Project of Key Technologies and
          Equipment for Intelligent, Safe and Efficient Mining of Deep Resources” was selected as the “Top Ten
          Scientific and Technological Achievements” of Shandong Provincial Enterprises. The Company accelerated
          the construction of “mechanization, automation, informatization and intelligence”, and anchored the annual
          work goal of “digital intelligence empowerment, simultaneous improvement of quality and efficiency”. Starting
          from the year of optimization and tackling of production systems, the Company focused on three major lines
          of building intelligent mining areas, creating intelligent benchmark enterprises and promoting typical scenarios.
          The Company promoted the implementation of two intelligent mining areas, five benchmark enterprises and
          multiple typical scenarios, realized its intelligent transformation and speeding up, so as to cultivate new quality
          productive forces by promoting transformation with intelligence. Unified construction projects such as “digital
          supply chain”, investment project management system, and audit digital management platform were advanced
          in an orderly manner. Sanshandao Gold Mine was selected into the list of digital transformation pilot enterprises
          of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024     11


                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    (V) Adhere to bottom-line thinking and effectively prevent and address risks. The Company focused on
        safety production and invested RMB381 million in special safety expenses in the first half of 2024. It carried
        out a three-year campaign to tackle the root causes of safety production and continued to consolidate the
        work achievement that “top slope full support for mining is a normal process of mining operations”. Practical
        safety trainings were organized and safety production inspections were carried out during critical and sensitive
        periods to identify and rectify hidden risks in a timely manner and effectively prevent accidents. The Company
        united efforts on ecological and environmental protection to invest RMB70.1592 million in environmental
        protection in the first half of the year, and carried out special supervision and inspection and “follow-up” of
        provincial environmental protection inspection and feedback issues. The Company has actively carried out
        greening and geological environment restoration and treatment and a number of construction projects have
        obtained environmental impact assessment approval or environmental protection completion acceptance,
        continuing to consolidate the results of green mine construction.

    (VI) Adhere to the leadership of party building and pool strength to promote development. The Company
         carried out party discipline study and education in a solid manner, organized party discipline study and
         education classes and party style and clean government construction warning education meetings, and
         promoted party discipline study and education to be in-depth and practical. The Company solidly carried
         out the building of high-level talents, cadre team as well as industrial worker team. It has selected 20 cadres
         to serve important positions in external units for practical training and openly recruited nine high-level
         young talents, of them one employee was awarded the title of “Good Secretary with Accountability” by the
         Organization Department of the Provincial Party Committee, and three employees were awarded the National
         May 1st Labor Medal, the Shandong Provincial May 1st Labor Medal, the “Most Beautiful Employee” in the
         national mechanical, metallurgical and building materials industry, respectively. The Company deeply promoted
         comprehensive and strict governance of the party, building a “big supervision” system and employing the “full
         cycle management” method to advance the “three integrities” initiative, and continued to create a clean and
         upright political environment. The Company continuously carried out the work of rescuing employees in need,
         visiting and expressing condolences, and recuperating for employees. A total of more than 1,000 front-line
         employees were visited, 1,031 employees in need were helped, and the amount of consolation goods and
         relief funds as distributed was RMB3.606 million and RMB4.9343 million, respectively. The Company held a
         series of activities such as the “Chinese Dream · Beauty of Labor” lectures by model workers and craftsmen,
         the “Scholarly Shandong Gold, Beneficial Reading (書香山金益企悅讀)” reading festival, employee basketball
         games, and industrial workers’ vocational skills competitions, which greatly enhanced the Company’s
         cohesion, centripetal force and spiritual force.

III. Miscellaneous

    The construction of safety facilities adjustment project in the production system of Linglong Gold Mine in the
    Linglong mining area has been completed and is ready to enter the trial production stage. The Company will actively
    promote the acquisition of safety production licenses of the Linglong mining area.

    As the core mining area of Laizhou gold production base, Jiaojia Gold Mine has currently completed the integration
    of various mineral rights and successfully obtained a mining license of 6.6 million tonnes per year. Jiaojia Gold Mine
    has entered the construction cycle of expanded reproduction projects starting from 2024, during which the scale of
    capacity will be appropriately adjusted to accelerate the construction of a world-class gold production base, which is
    expected to have a certain impact on the Company’s current production and operation indicators.
12   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL REVIEW

For the Reporting Period, the Group’s:

•    revenue increased by approximately 66.90% to approximately RMB45,773.50 million from approximately
     RMB27,424.9 million for the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in sales prices of self-
     produced gold, externally purchased gold and externally procured alloy gold and the acquisition of Shanjin
     International during the period.

•    cost of sales increased by approximately 66.69% to approximately RMB40,107.71 million from approximately
     RMB24,061.7 million for the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in the costs of self-
     produced gold, externally purchased gold and externally procured alloy gold and the acquisition of Shanjin
     International during the period.

•    gross profit increased by approximately 68.47% to approximately RMB5,665.78 million from approximately
     RMB3,363.1 million for the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in gross profit of self-
     produced gold business during the period.

•    selling expenses increased by approximately 40.65% to approximately RMB83.11 million from approximately
     RMB59.1 million for the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in sales commissions and the
     acquisition of Shanjin International during the period.

•    research and development expenses increased by approximately 56.54% to approximately RMB258.2 million
     from approximately RMB164.9 million for the same period in 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in
     research and development investment by subsidiaries during the period.

•    other gains and losses, net increased to a loss of approximately RMB337.13 million from a loss of approximately
     RMB71.9 million for the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to the loss on financial products.

•    finance costs increased by approximately 31.16% to approximately RMB921.16 million from approximately
     RMB702.3 million for the same period of 2023, which was mainly due to the expansion of financing scale during the
     period.
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024      13


                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Group operates in a capital-intensive industry. The Group requires liquidity for expansion of its mining and processing
businesses, exploration activities and acquisition of exploration and mining permits. Major sources of capital of the Group
are, including but are not limited to, cash generated from operating activities, bank financing, bonds issued or to be issued,
and private placement of share capital. The liquidity of the Group depends, to a large extent, on the cash generated from
its operating activities, its ability to repay debts as and when the debts fall due, and its requirements for future operating
and capital expenditure.

As at 30 June 2024, the reserves of the Group amounted to approximately RMB18,977.07 million and short-term
borrowings amounted to approximately RMB33,907.77 million. The bank balances and cash and restricted bank
deposits of the Group as at 30 June 2024 were in an aggregate of approximately RMB9,600.84 million. Based on the
following considering factors, the Directors were of the opinion that the Group will be able to have sufficient working
capital to provide capital sources for future needs of financing and working capital: (a) the Group is expected to remain
profitable, and thus will continue to generate operating cash flows from future business operations; and (b) the Group has
been maintaining long-term business relationship with its principal bankers.

In the opinions of the Directors, the Company has sufficient cash flows for the operation of the Group for the next twelve
months, including its planned capital expenditure and current debt repayment. The borrowings of the Group include
short term borrowings due to related parties in an aggregate amount of approximately RMB2,006.10 million from SDG
Group Finance at an interest rate ranging from 2.2% to 2.8% per annum. The Company has issued corporate bonds,
and please refer to “Information of Corporate Bonds” below for details.

Meanwhile, the Group had arrangements of bank borrowings of approximately RMB56,968.01 million (including gold
leases of approximately RMB12,469.52 million) through a number of banks in the PRC with interest rates ranging from
2.06% to 6.54% per annum.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        14
INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS
Overview of corporate bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB’00,000,000

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Whether
                                                                       The Latest                                                                                                                                                                 There is
                                                               Date of Putback                                                                                                                                Appropriate                         a Risk of
                                                               Initial Date After                Outstanding           Payment of                                                                             Arrangement of                      Termination
                                                      Date of Interest 31 August    Date of       Balance of   Coupon Principal                 Place of          Lead                                        Investors         Mechanism         of the Listing
 Name of Bonds                  Abbreviation Code     Issuance Accrued 2024         Maturity          Bonds      Rate and Interest              Trading           Underwriter              Trustee            (if any)          of Trading        Transaction
                                                                                                                   (%)

 The 2024 Public                24 Lujin K1   240785 2024/03/25 2024/03/27 /        2029/03/27         20.00      2.80 Interest to be paid       Shanghai Stock GF Securities Co., Ltd., GF Securities Co., Professional        Match transaction, No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.




   Issuance of Technology                                                                                                 annually, principal to Exchange        Zhongtai Securities      Ltd.                institutional      click transaction,
   Innovation Corporate Bonds                                                                                             be repaid at maturity                  Co., Ltd., China                             investors          inquiry transaction,
   to Professional Investors by                                                                                                                                  International Capital                                           bidding transaction,
   Shandong Gold Mining Co.,                                                                                                                                     Corporation Limited                                             negotiation
   Ltd. (the First Tranche)                                                                                                                                                                                                      transaction
   (Type 1)

 The 2023 Public Issuance Lujin KY02          240334 2023/11/23 2023/11/27 /        2026/11/27         20.00      3.22 Interest to be paid       Shanghai Stock GF Securities Co., Ltd., GF Securities Co., Professional        Match transaction, No
   of Technology Innovation                                                                                               annually, principal to Exchange        Zhongtai Securities      Ltd.                institutional      click transaction,
   Renewable Corporate Bonds                                                                                              be repaid at maturity                  Co., Ltd., China                             investors          inquiry transaction,
   to Professional Investors by                                                                                                                                  International Capital                                           bidding transaction,
   Shandong Gold Mining Co.,                                                                                                                                     Corporation Limited                                             negotiation
   Ltd. (the Second Tranche)                                                                                                                                                                                                     transaction
   (See Note 1 for details)



 The 2023 Public Issuance Lujin KY01          240265 2023/11/15 2023/11/17 /        2026/11/17         20.00      3.19 Interest to be paid       Shanghai Stock GF Securities Co., Ltd., GF Securities Co., Professional        Match transaction, No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




   of Technology Innovation                                                                                               annually, principal to Exchange        Zhongtai Securities      Ltd.                institutional      click transaction,
   Renewable Corporate Bonds                                                                                              be repaid at maturity                  Co., Ltd., China                             investors          inquiry transaction,
   to Professional Investors by                                                                                                                                  International Capital                                           bidding transaction,
   Shandong Gold Mining Co.,                                                                                                                                     Corporation Limited                                             negotiation
   Ltd. (the First Tranche)                                                                                                                                                                                                      transaction
   (See Note 2 for details)


Note 1: The 2023 Public Issuance of Technology Innovation Renewable Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd. (the Second Tranche) takes every three interest-
        bearing years as one cycle, and at the end of each cycle, the Company has the right to choose to extend the bond term by one cycle (i.e. extend three years), or choose to settle the bond in full
        when it matures at the end of the cycle.

Note 2: The 2023 Public Issuance of Technology Innovation Renewable Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd. (the First Tranche) takes every three interest-
        bearing years as one cycle, and at the end of each cycle, the Company has the right to choose to extend the bond term by one cycle (i.e. extend three years), or choose to settle the bond in full
        when it matures at the end of the cycle.
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024         15


                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Change, variation and implementation of guarantees, debt repayment plans and other debt
repayment safeguards during the Reporting Period and their impact

                                                                                                            Whether
                                                                                                            the change         Impact of
                                                                                                            has been           the change
                                                                                                            approved           on the rights
                                                     Whether                                                by the             and interests
                                                     there is          Status      Reason for               competent          of bond
 Current status                    Execution         any change        upon change the change               authority          investors



 “Lujin KY01” (See Note 1 for details) Normal        No                N/A                N/A               No                 N/A

 “Lujin KY02” (See Note 2 for details) Normal        No                N/A                N/A               No                 N/A

 “24 Lujin K1”                     Normal            No                N/A                N/A               No                 N/A

Other explanations

Note 1: “Lujin KY01” is not guaranteed. Each repricing term of the Bonds shall be 3 interest accruing years. At the end of each repricing term,
        the issuer is entitled to renew the Bonds for an additional term (i.e. 3 years), or repay and redeem the Bonds in full as they fall due at
        the end of the term. There is no limit on the number of times the issuer’s renewal option can be exercised. The Bonds have an issuer
        option to defer interest payments, unless mandatory interest payments events have been triggered, at each interest payment date of the
        Bonds, the issuer may choose to defer the current interest payment, as well as any previously deferred interest payments or accreted
        interest thereon in accordance with this clause, to the next payment date, without being subject to any limitation with respect to the
        number of deferrals. If in a certain renewal option exercise year of the Bonds, the issuer chooses to repay and redeem the Bonds in full,
        the interest payment date in that interest accrual year shall be the redemption date of the Bonds.

Note 2: “Lujin KY02” is not guaranteed. Each repricing term of the Bonds shall be 3 interest accruing years. At the end of each repricing term,
        the issuer is entitled to renew the Bonds for an additional term (i.e. 3 years), or repay and redeem the Bonds in full as they fall due at
        the end of the term. There is no limit on the number of times the issuer’s renewal option can be exercised. The Bonds have an issuer
        option to defer interest payments, unless mandatory interest payments events have been triggered, at each interest payment date of the
        Bonds, the issuer may choose to defer the current interest payment, as well as any previously deferred interest payments or accreted
        interest thereon in accordance with this clause, to the next payment date, without being subject to any limitation with respect to the
        number of deferrals. If in a certain renewal option exercise year of the Bonds, the issuer chooses to repay and redeem the Bonds in full,
        the interest payment date in that interest accrual year shall be the redemption date of the Bonds.
16     SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Debt Financing Instruments of Non-Financial Enterprises in the Interbank Bond Market

Basic Information on Debt Financing Instruments of Non-Financial Enterprises

                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB’00,000,000

                                                                                                                                                                             Whether
                                                                                                                                                                             There is
                                                             Date of                                                                         Appropriate                     a Risk of
                                                             Initial                       Outstanding         Payment of                    Arrangement                     Termination
                                                    Date of Interest Date of                Balance of Coupon Principal         Place of     of Investors     Mechanism      of the Listing
 Name of Bonds         Abbreviation Code            Issuance Accrued Maturity                   Bonds    Rate and Interest      Trading      (if any)         of Trading     Transaction
                                                                                                           (%)


 The 2024 First Tranche 24 Lujin      012480461.IB 1 February 2 February 25 October              7.00     2.24 Principal and    Inter-bank   Institutional    Circulation and No
   of Ultrashort-term     SCP001                     2024       2024       2024                                  interest to                   investors in     transfer in
   Financing Bonds        (Technology                                                                            be repaid at                  the national     the national
   of Shandong            Innovation                                                                             maturity                      interbank bond interbank
   Gold Mining Co.,       Instrument)                                                                                                          market           bond market
   Ltd. (Technology
   Innovation
   Instrument)

 The 2024 Second          24 Lujin      012480606.IB 26 February 27 February 22 November        10.00     2.06 Principal and    Inter-bank   Institutional    Circulation and No
   Tranche of Ultrashort- SCP002                       2024        2024        2024                              interest to                   investors in     transfer in
   term Financing           (Technology                                                                          be repaid at                  the national     the national
   Bonds of Shandong        Innovation                                                                           maturity                      interbank bond interbank
   Gold Mining Co.,         Instrument)                                                                                                        market           bond market
   Ltd. (Technology
   Innovation
   Instrument)

CASH FLOWS

The Group’s bank balances and cash decreased from approximately RMB8,352.90 million as at 31 December 2023 to
approximately RMB7,984.99 million as at 30 June 2024.
                                                                                                                Interim Report 2024     17


                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s:

•       intangible assets increased by approximately 32.46% to approximately RMB43,696.81 million from approximately
        RMB32,988.31 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the additional purchase of the exploration
        right of Xiling Gold Mine during the period.

•       borrowings increased by approximately 15.31% to approximately RMB58,974.11 million from approximately
        RMB51,143.97 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in investment and financing
        scale during the period.

•       financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss increased by approximately 67.44% to approximately
        RMB1,341.83 million from approximately RMB801.36 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the
        increase in the financing through gold leasing of the subsidiaries during the period.

•       trade and other payables increased by approximately 43.29% to approximately RMB28,624.87 million from
        approximately RMB19,976.44 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in payables of
        the Company for purchase of the exploration right of Xiling Gold Mine during the period.

Financial assets measured at fair value

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB0’000

                                        Gains and
                                      losses from         Cumulative                                 Amount
                                       changes in         changes in Impairment      Purchase           sold/
                                      fair value in        fair value accrued in    amount of     redeemed
                              Opening the current           included the current   the current     in current        Other       Closing
    Asset class               balance       period          in equity     period        period         period      changes       balance


    Stocks                  475,759.73          (25.21)           –            –            –             –               – 475,734.52
    Trust products            48,037.4       2,035.15             –            –       18,000          0.55               –       68,072
    Private equity          180,913.28        (370.75)            –            –     5,099.88      9,989.33               – 175,653.08
    Futures                  25,777.52      (1,036.92)            –            –    55,882.61     63,080.51         1,841.9     19,384.6
    Derivatives                (145.52)     (17,187.1)            –            –       664.11        386.34       17,121.92        67.06
    Receivables financing       716.75               –            –            –            –             –         (171.41)      545.35
    Others                  172,054.33       6,257.21             –            –   866,191.29    695,755.49               – 348,747.33
    Total                   903,113.49    (10,327.64)             –            –   945,837.89    769,212.22       18,792.41 1,088,203.94

Note: Other categories of financial assets are mainly the entrusted wealth management products held by SDG Capital Management, a
      wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and its subsidiaries, and Shanjin International, a holding subsidiary of the Company, and its
      subsidiaries.
18        SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Investment in securities

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB0’000

                                                                           Gains and
                                                                         losses from Cumulative
                                                                          changes in changes in      Purchase     Amount       Investment
                                          Initial               Opening fair value in fair value   amount of        sold in profit and loss     Closing
 Types of      Stock    Abbreviation investment                 carrying the current included      the current the current in the current      carrying Accounting
 securities    code     of securities      cost Source of funds amount        period in equity          period      period           period    amount items


 Stock         601899   Zijin Mining    5,000.00 Self-owned funds 33,225.63   5,836.46        –             –    12,788.66         6,819.33   26,273.43 Financial assets
                                                                                                                                                           held for trading
 Stock         600022   Shandong Iron 5,000.00 Self-owned funds 246.69          (25.21)       –             –            –                –      221.48 Financial assets
                          and Steel                                                                                                                        held for trading
 Funds         /        /             3,100.00 Self-owned funds 14,402.82         9.27        –      4,900.00            –                –   19,312.10 Financial assets
                                                                                                                                                           held for trading
 Others        /        /                500.00 Self-owned funds 5,340.52      (515.52)       –             –            –                –    4,825.00 Financial assets
                                                                                                                                                           held for trading
 Total         /        /              13,600.00 /                53,215.67   5,305.00        –      4,900.00    12,788.66         6,819.33   50,632.01 /

Description of securities investment

Shanjin Jinquan (Shanghai) Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 山 金 金 泉（ 上 海 ）私 募 基 金 管 理 有 限 公 司 )
(“Jinquan Private Equity Fund”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SDG Capital Management, is a private equity fund
manager registered with the Asset Management Association of China. Shanjin Futures Co., Ltd. ( 山 金 期 貨 有 限 公 司 )
(“Shanjin Futures”) is a securities and futures operating institution established with the approval of the futures regulatory
authority of the State Council, an asset management plan manager registered with the China Futures Association, and
has the qualification of investment consultant. Jinquan Private Equity Fund and Shanjin Futures can invest and manage
assets by setting up private equity funds and asset management plans.

The securities investment projects under the fund category are Jinyuan No. 1 Private Securities Investment Fund of
Jinquan Shanjin (金泉山金金源一號私募證券投資基金) and Jinyuan No. 2 Private Securities Investment Fund of Jinquan
Shanjin (金泉山金金源二號私募證券投資基金) independently managed by Jinquan Private Equity Fund. The securities
investment project in other categories is the Antai No. 5 Single Asset Management Plan of Caitong Fund (財通基金安
泰5號單一資產管理計劃), which is 100% held by Jinquan Private Equity Fund, and has the right to make investment
decisions and is consolidated.
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024   19


                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Investment in private equity fund

SDG Capital Management is a private equity and venture capital fund manager registered with the Asset Management
Association of China, and Jinquan Private Equity Fund is a private equity fund manager registered with the Asset
Management Association of China, which can invest and manage assets through the establishment of private equity
funds. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of investment in self-managed consolidated private equity
funds of which SDG Capital Management and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely Jinquan Private Equity Fund, Shanjin
Futures and Jinquan Investment Management Company (金泉投資管理公司), acted as managers with an investment
proportion exceeding 30% or non-managers with an investment proportion reaching 100%, amounted to RMB1.618
billion.

Investment in derivatives

During the Reporting Period, the Company had derivative investments for hedging purposes:

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB0’000

                                                             Gains and
                                                           losses from Cumulative        Purchase
                                                            changes in      changes       amount Amount sold
                                        Initial   Opening fair value in in fair value   during the during the       Closing
 Types of derivative              investment      carrying the current      included    Reporting  Reporting       carrying
 investments                         amount       amount        period      in equity       Period     Period      amount


 Futures                                     –    23,837.45       804.98           –    53,100.15     59,830.47   17,107.12
 Forwards                                    –       413.89        (65.19)         –       598.92        385.64      627.18
 Options                                     –      (633.43)            –          –    11,619.87      9,846.38    1,140.05
 Embedded derivatives                        –            –    (1,162.45)          –            –             –    1,162.45
 Total Note                                  –    23,617.91      (422.66)          –    65,318.94     70,062.49   17,711.90

An explanation on the            In accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 –
  accounting policies and           Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments, the Accounting Standards
  specific accounting principles    for Business Enterprises No. 37 – Presentation of Financial Instruments, the
  for the hedging business          Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 39 – Fair Value Measurement
  during the Reporting Period,      and other relevant regulations and guidelines issued by the Ministry of Finance,
  as well as whether there          the Company has carried out corresponding accounting treatment for derivative
  have been any significant         investments, which are reflected in the relevant items of the balance sheet and the
  changes as compared with          statement of profit or loss. The Company did not meet the applicable conditions of
  the previous reporting period     the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 24 – Hedge Accounting, and
                                    had not applied hedge accounting for the time being. During the Reporting Period,
                                    there was no significant change in the accounting policies and specific accounting
                                    principles of hedging business as compared with the previous reporting period.
20   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Explanation on actual profit and In order to avoid the impact of price and exchange rate fluctuations on production and
  loss during the Reporting         operation and ensure the continuity and stability of operating results, the Company
  Period                            and its subsidiaries carried out hedging business related to the main business within
                                    the limits considered by the Board and general meeting. There was no loss after
                                    hedging the profits and losses of both derivatives and spot goods, which realized the
                                    purpose of hedging and reduced the risk of price fluctuation.

Description of hedging effect    During the Reporting Period, in order to avoid the impact of price and exchange rate
                                   fluctuations on production and operation and ensure the continuity and stability of the
                                   Company’s operating results, the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding Shanjin
                                   International) carried out derivative investment business for the purpose of hedging
                                   within the limits considered by the Board and the general meeting: the margin and
                                   credit of financial institutions occupied by the Company and its subsidiaries for
                                   self-produced gold futures and derivatives trading business did not exceed the
                                   authorization limit of RMB0.3 billion or its equivalent value in other currencies as
                                   considered and approved, and the maximum contract value did not exceed the
                                   authorization limit of RMB2.1 billion or its equivalent value in other currencies as
                                   considered and approved; the margin and credit of financial institutions occupied by
                                   the Company and its subsidiaries for other futures and derivatives trading businesses
                                   did not exceed the authorization limit of RMB0.6 billion or its equivalent value in
                                   other currencies as considered and approved, and the maximum contract value did
                                   not exceed the authorization limit of RMB3.6 billion or its equivalent value in other
                                   currencies as considered and approved; the maximum contract value of the gold
                                   leasing and hedging business carried out by the Company and its subsidiaries did
                                   not exceed the authorization limit of RMB17.42 billion or its equivalent value in other
                                   currencies as considered and approved.

                                 During the Reporting Period, subject to the compliance of national policies and
                                   regulations, Shanjin International, a holding subsidiary of the Company, carried out
                                   derivatives trading business to avoid the impact and risks arising from price and
                                   exchange rate fluctuations on the Company’s production and operation and ensure
                                   the continuity and stability of the Company’s operating performance, so as to
                                   further enhance the Company’s production and operation level and risk resistance
                                   capability. The maximum contract value held on any trading day of the derivatives
                                   trading business did not exceed RMB7 billion or its equivalent value in other
                                   currencies as considered and approved, and the amount of trading margin used did
                                   not exceed RMB1 billion or its equivalent value in other currencies as considered and
                                   approved at any point in time.

                                 Derivatives investment business, for which the Company and its subsidiaries are
                                   engaged in hedging business, is linked to products and foreign exchange related
                                   to the Company’s production and operation, which has effectively hedged the risks
                                   of commodity prices and exchange rate fluctuations, achieved the expected risk
                                   management objectives, and further enhanced the Company’s production and
                                   operation level and risk resistance capability.
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024      21


                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Source of funds for investment       Self-owned funds
  in derivatives

Risk analysis of positions          (I)   Risk analysis: In the process of conducting derivative investment business, the
  in derivatives during the               Company and its subsidiaries always aim to reduce exposure risk and places risk
  Reporting Period and                    control in the first place in accordance with the principles of legality, prudence,
  explanations of risk control            safety and effectiveness. However, because of the leverage used in derivative
  measures (including but not             investment business, the possibility of manipulation and the impossibility of an
  limited to market risk, liquidity       accurate forecast of fluctuations in prices, there may still be some risks in the
  risk, credit risk, operational          course of business: 1. Market risks: Due to changes of fundamentals, there may
  risk, legal risk, etc.)                 be wide fluctuations in the prices of financial derivatives and even deviations
                                          between futures prices and spot prices. As a result, hedge may be less effective or
                                          ineffective, and the risk of losses may arise. 2. Operational risks: Trading is highly
                                          professional and complex. An incomplete internal control mechanism or operating
                                          mistakes may cause risks. 3. Liquidity risks: The risk of impossibility of completing
                                          transactions due to insufficient market liquidity. 4. Fund risks: Due to insufficient
                                          margin, positions may be subject to forced liquidation, resulting in actual losses. 5.
                                          Technical risks: Due to software or hardware failures or other failures, the trading
                                          system may malfunction, resulting in delays, interruptions or data errors of trading
                                          instructions. Changes of trading rules that are not conducive to the Company
                                          and its subsidiaries due to force majeure may cause relevant risks. 6. Other risks:
                                          Relevant businesses, especially overseas derivative businesses, may be affected
                                          by factors such as global politics, wars, the economy and changes of laws, or
                                          they may face risks due to the lack of liquidity of over-the-counter products,
                                          counterparty defaults, etc.
22    SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                         (II)   Risk control measures: 1. The Company strictly manages authorization, and
                                                the scale of derivative investment business shall be subject to the consideration
                                                and approval of the Company’s Board of Directors and general meeting.
                                                Trading beyond limits is not allowed unless it gets approval. 2. The Company
                                                strengthens the establishment of internal control system, and has formulated
                                                management systems such as “Self-produced Gold Hedging Management
                                                Measures of Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd.” and “Bulk Trade Hedging
                                                Management Measures of Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd.”, which clarify the
                                                responsibilities of relevant departments, business consideration and approval
                                                procedures, operation and implementation, risk management requirements,
                                                and supervision and inspection etc.. 3. The Company continuously optimizes
                                                the transaction information management and control platform, which can realize
                                                online monitoring and early warning functions, keep on tracking the price changes
                                                of financial derivatives and the balances of trading limits, and the changes in the
                                                risk exposure of derivative investment business, etc., effectively managing various
                                                risks that may exist in the development of derivative investment business. 4. The
                                                Company has a professional trading center, strictly implements the principle of
                                                incompatibility of the front, middle and back office responsibilities and personnel,
                                                and is equipped with professional clearing risk control personnel to balance,
                                                allocate and transfer available funds in accounts in a timely manner according
                                                to the degree of risk of the accounts to prevent fund risk of the accounts; a risk
                                                reporting system has been established to regularly report to the Company’s
                                                management, promptly report abnormal situations, warn the management of risks
                                                and activate corresponding risk warning mechanisms based on specific situations.
                                                5. The Company regularly selects some branches, subsidiaries or businesses for
                                                special inspections, focusing on business compliance, whether there are illegal
                                                operations such as over-variety, over-scale, over-term and over-authorization, and
                                                establishes a sound audit supervision system for derivative investment business.
                                                6. The Company trades futures and derivatives on the Shanghai Gold Exchange,
                                                the Shanghai Futures Exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and other
                                                legitimate exchanges. The counterparties who selected for over-the-counter
                                                derivatives trading are large legitimate and qualified commercial banks, investment
                                                banks and other financial institutions, avoiding credit risks related to trading.

Changes in market price          The Company recognized the gains and losses of derivative investments during
  or product fair value of         the Reporting Period, and its fair value as at the end of the Reporting Period is
  derivatives invested during      determined based on the market price of the exchange.
  the Reporting Period, where
  specific methods and relevant
  assumptions and parameters
  used shall be disclosed in the
  analysis of derivatives’ fair
  value

Note: Embedded derivatives are derivative financial liabilities. The total closing book value of derivative investments is the closing book value of
      futures + the closing book value of forwards + the closing book value of options – the closing book value of embedded derivatives.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024     23


                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

GEARING RATIO

Gearing ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total equity. As of 30 June 2024, the
Group’s consolidated total debt was approximately RMB60,470.41 million (approximately RMB52,101.59 million as of
31 December 2023), and the Group’s consolidated total equity was approximately RMB53,911.28 million (approximately
RMB53,297.71 million as of 31 December 2023). As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately
112.17% (31 December 2023: approximately 97.76%).

Restrictions on main assets as of the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                    Carrying amount as of
 Item                                the end of the period        Reasons for restrictions


 Monetary funds                              351,856,022.66       Security deposits for land reclamation and
                                                                    environmental governance
 Monetary funds                            1,193,507,701.88       Security deposits for notes
 Monetary funds                                8,908,670.98       Reserves for gold trading
 Monetary funds                               18,310,471.44       Security deposits for futures
 Monetary funds                               38,517,669.46       Security deposits for letters of credit
 Monetary funds                                1,796,400.00       Fund frozen by court
 Monetary funds                                2,952,500.00       Others
 Inventories                                 120,004,082.68       Pledge for financing

 Other non-current assets                      1,329,800.00       Advanced security deposit for exploration rights, the
                                                                    balance of which will be frozen and supervised
                                                                    according to a three-party supervision agreement
                                                                    signed by Jincheng Shengxin, Team 602 of Jilin
                                                                    Provincial Non-ferrous Metal Geological Exploration
                                                                    Bureau and its account bank



 Total                                     1,737,183,319.10       –



CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

The capital expenditure of the Group mainly relates to the acquisition of mining and exploration permits, property, plant
and equipment, land use right and intangible assets, and investment properties. As of 30 June 2024, in the contracted
but not incurred capital expenditure of the Group, the total amount for the acquisition of mining and exploration permits,
property, plant and equipment was approximately RMB1,295.42 million (as of 30 June 2023: approximately RMB948.6
million).
24   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MAJOR INVESTMENT, MAJOR ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES,
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

Save as disclosed in this interim report, for the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group had no major investments
nor major acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

The Group will make every endeavor to keep abreast of the changing market conditions, proactively identify investment
opportunities and expand its mineral resources in order to broaden the revenue base of the Group, enhance its future
financial performance and profitability. We are confident in the future and committed to bolstering the continuous growth
of the Group.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any other material pledge of assets, save as the pledges disclosed in this
interim report.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board recommended the payment of an interim dividend of RMB0.80 per 10 Shares (tax inclusive) for the six months
ended 30 June 2024 to the Shareholders (30 June 2023: Nil).

It is proposed to distribute a total cash dividend of RMB357,874,362.00 (tax inclusive) based on the total share capital of
4,473,429,525 Shares as at 28 August 2024. The amount of the Company’s half-year cash dividend for 2024 accounts
for 30.92% of the then net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company. If the total share capital of
the Company changes before the record date for implementation of the profit distribution, it is planned to remain the total
amount of dividends unchange, adjust the amount of distribution per Share accordingly, and the details of adjustments
will be further announced.

The above profit distribution plan has been considered and approved at the 65th meeting of the sixth session of the
Board of the Company, and shall be submitted to the general meeting of the Company for consideration and approval
before implementation.

Details of the interim dividend and the specific arrangements for the payment of the interim dividend and the relevant
timing for the closure of the register of members for the H Shares will be separately disclosed by the Company in the
circular in connection with the general meeting.

If approved by the general meeting, the Company will pay the dividend on or before 29 November 2024.
ANALYSIS ON INVESTMENT STATUS

During the Reporting Period, the Company signed the Equity Transfer Agreement with all shareholders of Baotou Changtai Mining to acquire 70% of the equity interests
of Baotou Changtai Mining. The price of this equity transfer is based on the value of 100% of the entire equity of shareholders of Baotou Changtai Mining on 30 June
2023 as the valuation benchmark date, which is RMB681,805,500. After negotiation between both parties to the transaction, the transaction price of 70% of the equity
interests of Baotou Changtai Mining is RMB471,100,000.

Key Equity Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB0’000

                                                                                                                                                                                Impact on
                                                                                          Whether                                                       Progress as             the profit
                                       Mainly engaged                The             consolidating    Statement                 JV partners Investment of the       Estimated   and loss     Whether Disclosure
 Invested                              in investment Investment amount                the financial   account         Source of (if         horizon (if balance     earnings    during       involved         date
 company          Major businesses     business       method    invested Shareholding statements      (if applicable) capital   applicable) any)        sheet date (if any)     the period   in litigation (if any)    Disclosure index (if any)


 Baotou Changtai Mining and processing Yes           Acquisition   47,110      70%             Yes    Long-         Self-       Natural    Long term    Completed    /          /            No        11 March 2024 “Overseas Regulatory
   Mining Co., Ltd.* of gold and silver;                                                              term equity   financing   person                  the merger                                                     Announcement –
   (包頭市昶泰礦業 mining development;                                                                       investment                                                                                                       Announcement on
   有限責任公司)           processing and sales                                                                                                                                                                              Resolutions of the Fifty-
                     of mineral products;                                                                                                                                                                              sixth Meeting of the Sixth
                     mining engineering                                                                                                                                                                                Session of the Board of
                     construction; sales of                                                                                                                                                                            Directors of Shandong
                     mining machinery.                                                                                                                                                                                 Gold Mining Co., Ltd.”

 Total            /                    /             /             47,110         /               /   /             /           /          /            /            /          /            /                    /    /




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         25
26     SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Key non-equity investments

                                                                               Amount
                                                                            completed
                                  Total project                             during the     Cumulative
                                   investment                                Reporting        amount Performance of
 No.     Project name                  amount Progress of project               Period     completed project
                                      (RMB’00                                 (RMB’00        (RMB’00
                                        million)                                million)       million)


 1       Jiaojia mining area            82.73   The mixing shaft in the           2.93          6.31   According to the
            (integration)                         north area and the                                     Feasibility Study
            gold resources                        main shaft in the                                      Report, after the
            development project                   south area of the                                      project reaches
                                                  main control project                                   capacity, the ore
                                                  were completed,                                        production and
                                                  and preparations for                                   processing capacity
                                                  the second phase of                                    will be 6.6 million
                                                  project are underway.                                  tonnes per year,
                                                  The auxiliary shaft                                    and the average
                                                  and 2# air return shaft                                annual production
                                                  in the south area are                                  of flotation gold
                                                  being excavated as                                     concentrate will be
                                                  planned.                                               290,600 tonnes (gold
                                                                                                         content of 18,854
                                                                                                         kg/year).

 2       Xincheng Gold                  37.84   The main shaft project            1.78          8.45   According to the
           Mine resources                         in mining area I                                       Feasibility Study
           integrated                             has completed                                          Report, after
           development                            excavation and                                         the project is
           project                                installation and is                                    completed and
                                                  in the process of                                      reaches capacity,
                                                  commissioning,                                         the annual ore
                                                  and the auxiliary                                      processing
                                                  shaft project in                                       capacity will be
                                                  mining area II                                         2.64 million tonnes,
                                                  was completed                                          and the average
                                                  and supporting                                         annual production
                                                  engineering                                            of flotation gold
                                                  construction is                                        concentrate will be
                                                  in progress. The                                       119,600 tonnes
                                                  air return shaft                                       (gold content of
                                                  project was dug as                                     7,771 kg/year).
                                                  planned.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2024     27


                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                          Amount
                                                                       completed
                              Total project                            during the     Cumulative
                               investment                               Reporting        amount Performance of
No.   Project name                 amount Progress of project              Period     completed project
                                  (RMB’00                                (RMB’00        (RMB’00
                                    million)                               million)       million)


3     Namdini Gold Mine             33.60   The concentrator’s               9.30         26.50   According to the
       project of Cardinal                    civil engineering,                                    Feasibility Study
                                              installation project,                                 Report, after the
                                              tailings project,                                     project reaches
                                              water supply                                          capacity, the
                                              project, electricity                                  annual ore
                                              project, and utilities                                processing
                                              system engineering                                    capacity will be
                                              are progressing as                                    9.5 million tonnes,
                                              planned.                                              and the average
                                                                                                    annual output of
                                                                                                    crude gold ingots
                                                                                                    containing gold will
                                                                                                    be 8.438 tonnes.

4     Expansion project of           2.78   The air shaft project            0.15          2.19   According to the
        2,000 tonnes/day                      has completed                                         Feasibility Study
        of mining and                         82% of the                                            Report, when
        beneficiation in                      designed total                                        the mine reaches
        Chifeng Chaihulanzi                   length of the                                         production scale,
        Gold Mining Co.,                      pit shaft. The                                        it will produce
        Ltd.                                  auxiliary shaft was                                   600,000 tonnes of
                                              completed, and the                                    ore per year.
                                              second phase of
                                              tunnel development
                                              project was
                                              continued. The
                                              construction
                                              of supporting
                                              tailings pond was
                                              completed.
28   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

POSSIBLE RISKS

The Company clarifies the risk management responsibilities of the Board, the management and various departments
and positions by strengthening organizational leadership, and establishes a whole process and chain risk prevention
and control system and work mechanism based on the standard of “standardization and stability”, so as to firmly
and vigorously prevent and resolve risks. Investors are advised that the Company has listed the main risks and took
countermeasures, and however, the Company cannot absolutely guarantee the elimination of all adverse factors due to
constraints of various factors.

Safety Management Risks

As the safety production supervision standards and requirements of governments at all levels continue to increase,
the Company’s overall safety management is solid and effective. However, there are still some weak links in the safety
production of some enterprises in basic management, equipment, systems and personnel quality, which restricts the
Company’s achievement of intrinsic safety goal. If major casualties and property losses occur, it will have an impact on
the Company’s production and operation, and will affect the Company’s brand and social reputation.

Countermeasures: We signed the work safety responsibility certificates with all staff and released the “Opinions on
Strengthening Safety Work” in 2024 to consolidate and improve the results of mining top help full support, concentrate
on rectifying problems of systems, ventilation, and deep high temperature, resolutely eliminating equipment and
processes expressly prohibited by the state, and promoting the application of advanced and applicable technologies.
We strengthened prevention at source, optimized the dual prevention mechanisms for production safety, carefully
investigated and managed hidden disaster factors, improved the risk prevention and control system, and enhanced
safety inspections and the investigation and management of hidden dangers. We strengthened scientific breakthroughs
on mine safety, comprehensively improved the level of technological equipment, and promoted transparent mine
geology, accurate disaster warning, intelligent mining, informational control, and unmanned disaster relief and exploration,
for the purpose of increasing the intrinsic safety level of mines. We provided safety trainings to improve the safety quality
of safety managers and operators.

Environmental Protection Management Risks

Currently, the issuance of environmental protection laws, regulations, and standard specifications is relatively high, with
the national ecological and environmental protection regulatory landscape becoming increasingly stringent. Although the
Company’s ecological and environmental protection efforts have maintained a stable state, there still exist weaknesses in
the environmental foundation management and a lack of prevention awareness in some enterprises, posing certain risk
hazards to the Company’s production and operations.

Countermeasures: We implemented the main responsibilities for ecological and environmental protection of enterprises
and signed ecological and environmental responsibility certificates at all levels. We strengthened the ecological and
environmental awareness of all employees, and improved ecological and environmental management systems from top
to bottom. We strengthened management of the “three simultaneities” of environmental protection, pollution discharge
permits, pollution prevention and control, hazardous chemicals, hazardous wastes, tailings and other links or areas.
We regularly carried out investigation and treatment of potential environmental hazards, promoted the rectification and
implementation of outstanding environmental problems, and reduced environmental risks. Intensified technological
innovation and increased environmental investment, continuously improved pollution prevention and control level, orderly
promoted pollution reduction and carbon emissions, synergistically increased efficiency, continuously reduced pollutant
emissions, improved pollution prevention and control level, and improved the ecological environment of mining areas.
Strengthened the construction of circular economy, expanded the comprehensive utilization ways of solid waste including
tailings and waste rocks, improved the comprehensive utilization rate of solid waste. Strengthened the construction
of environmental emergency response systems, organized enterprises to timely prepare (revise) emergency plans for
environmental emergencies, strengthened drills, prepared sufficient and complete emergency materials, and improved
the emergency prevention capabilities.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024     29


                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Resource Acquisition Risk

The competition between large mining groups for superior mineral resources has intensified, showing a trend of
high overlap of major power competition categories, obvious geopolitical layout competition, and rising resource
protectionism, making it more difficult to acquire new high-quality mineral rights.

Countermeasures: We innovated the mode of resource acquisition, accelerated the integration of significant and high-
quality resources at home and abroad through various methods such as mergers and acquisitions of and application for
mining rights, and risk prospecting, and continued to expand the advantages of production capacity and resource scale.
To strengthen the research and development of exploration technology and make full use of the Company’s professional
geological team, we continued to intensify our efforts in exploration for advantageous target areas, and made new
breakthroughs in theories of ore formation and prospecting and regional exploration to upgrade our resource reserves.

Risks of Fluctuation in Product Prices

The Company’s main product is gold, and fluctuations in gold prices bring significant uncertainty to the Company’s
operational benefits. Due to the ongoing severe global economic situation and increased geopolitical instability, along
with the adjustments in national policies (such as monetary policy, fiscal policy, industry policy, regional development
policy, etc.) and fluctuations in exchange rates, there can be a substantial impact on product prices, thereby affecting the
Company’s profits.

Countermeasures: The Company continuously strengthens the analysis and judgment of market trends, promptly
analyzing the factors affecting gold prices and enhancing communication with external institutions to broaden
perspectives. Based on scientific analysis and judgment, the Company adjusts its sales strategies in a timely manner.
Surrounding production and operations, the Company carries out hedging activities to fully leverage the hedging
functions of financial derivatives, offsetting the risk of product price fluctuations. It also establishes corresponding
management systems, facilitates business management mechanisms, continuously enhances the effectiveness of
hedging, and effectively reduces the risk of price fluctuations.

Exchange Rate Volatility Risk

The Group’s exposure to exchange rate risk is mainly related to the U.S. dollar, Argentine peso, Singapore dollar,
Canadian dollar, Hong Kong dollar and Cedi. Except for several subsidiaries of the Group that purchase and sell in U.S.
dollars, most of the Group’s revenue, operating costs and expenses are and are expected to continue to be denominated
in Renminbi. Revenue generated by our Argentina operations is denominated in U.S. dollars while the operating and
capital costs for the Veladero Mine are partially denominated in Argentine Peso. Since the trend of gold prices in
Renminbi is generally in line with that of international gold prices denominated in U.S. dollar and the Argentine Peso has
experienced significant fluctuations in the past, the revenue of the Group may be affected if there are any significant
changes in the exchange rate of Renminbi vs U.S. dollar and Argentine Peso vs U.S. dollar. Therefore, the consolidated
financial performance of the Group may be affected. The management has been monitoring foreign exchange risk and
promptly hedge against foreign exchange risk if necessary.
30   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

RELATIONSHIP WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS

As at 30 June 2024, SDG Group directly and indirectly held 45.30% of the issued Shares.

SDG Group (excluding our Group) engages in gold mining related operations, including geological exploration and mining
of gold, gold processing, gold smelting and technical services, and production and sales of specialized equipment and
supplies and construction materials for gold mines. The gold resources of SDG Group (excluding our Group) are mainly
located in the PRC. As of 30 June 2024, it owned 32 gold mine exploration permits in the PRC with an aggregate
of approximately 275.09 tonnes of gold resources initially measured with reference to rules for estimation of China’s
resource reserves and reviewed and filed with relevant authorities; and 10 gold mine mining permits in the PRC with an
aggregate of approximately 92.814 tonnes of measured gold resources. Except a few exploration permits under which
the gold mines are either with insignificant resources detected or subject to government approval for consolidation, all
the exploration and mining permits held by SDG Group (excluding our Group) have been under entrustment arrangement
pursuant to the Equity Entrustment Framework Agreement between our Company and SDG Group Co.. The Company
will continue to disclose the status of the transfer of the exploration and mining permits in its interim and annual reports
after listing, including but not limited to, any changes in the list of entrusted targets, whether the relevant permits granted
to the Company under the non-competition undertaking have been exercised, the status of boundary and capacity
expansion (if applicable). For details of the relevant permits held by SDG Group, please refer to the paragraph headed
“Exploration and Mining Permits Held by SDG Group (excluding our Group) in the PRC as of the End of the Reporting
Period” below.

In addition, SDG Group holds a controlling interest in Focus Minerals Limited (an Australian listed company principally
engaged in gold exploration and production, stock code: FML) through Shanjin International Co., Ltd. (山金國際有限公司).
Focus Minerals Limited is owned as to approximately 63.18% by Shanjin International Co., Ltd., and Shanjin International
Co., Ltd. is owned as to approximately 65% by SDG Group Co..

In April 2023, SDG Group transferred its 130,000,000 A Shares to a pledged account opened at Shanghai Branch of
China Securities Depository and Clearing Co., Ltd, which served as a guarantee for SDG Group’s 2023 non-public
issuance of exchangeable corporate bonds for professional investors.

On 8 December 2023, the Company’s shareholder SDG Non-ferrous and Shandong Tonghui Capital Investment Group
Co., Ltd. (山東通匯資本投資集團有限公司) (“Tonghui Capital”), a holding subsidiary of Shandong Hi-Speed Group Co.,
Ltd., signed a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which SDG Non-ferrous transferred the outstanding 12,535,622
Shares not subject to trading moratorium held by it in the Company to Tonghui Capital at a price of RMB23.022
per share by way of transfer by agreement. The transfer registration was completed on 22 February 2024. After the
completion of the transfer by agreement, the Company’s total share capital remains unchanged. SDG Non-ferrous
directly holds 102,941,860 A Shares of the Company, accounting for 2.30% of the Company’s total issued shares;
Tonghui Capital directly holds 12,535,622 A Shares of the Company, accounting for 0.28% of the Company’s total issued
shares.

The Company has not entered into any loan contract to establish the obligation terms of the SDG Group.
EXPLORATION AND MINING PERMITS HELD BY SDG GROUP (EXCLUDING OUR GROUP) IN THE PRC AS OF THE END OF
THE REPORTING PERIOD

Statistics of the resources under the exploration permits of SDG Group


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Detected gold    Whether entrusted
 No.   Name of exploration permit                                                Holder of exploration permit                          Location                                                     content (tonnes)   by the Company


 1     The gold mine at Cangshang-Panjiawuzi District in Laizhou City,           Shandong Gold Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.   Jincang Street, Laizhou City, Shandong Province                         0.39    Yes
         Shandong Province (exploration)
         (山東省萊州市倉上－ 潘家屋子地區金礦勘探)
 2     The middle and deep level of Liucun gold mine at Laizhou City,            Shandong Gold Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.   Hutouya Town, Laizhou City, Shandong Province                              2    Yes
         Shandong Province (general exploration)
         (山東省萊州市留村金礦中深部詳查)
 3     Zhaojia gold mine in Laizhou City, Shandong Province                      Shandong Gold Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.   Pinglidian Town, Laizhou City, Shandong Province             Not detected yet   Yes
         (exploration) (山東省萊州市趙家金礦勘探)
 4     Shangmajia gold mine in Laizhou City, Shandong Province                   Shandong Gold Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.   Zhacun Town, Laizhou City, Shandong Province                            0.22    Yes
         (exploration) (山東省萊州市上馬家金礦勘探)
 5     Goumabei Gold Mine in Zhaishang Mining District,                          Shandong Gold Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.   Min County, Gansu Province                                            20.145    Yes
         Min County, Gansu Province (general exploration)
         (甘肅省岷縣寨上礦區溝麻背金礦詳查)
 6     The gold mine at Dayinjia mine area in Laizhou City, Shandong             Shandong Jindi Mining Co., Ltd.                       Zhuqiao Town, Pinglidian Town, Laizhou City,                 Not detected yet   Yes
         Province (exploration) (山東省萊州市大尹家礦區金礦勘探)                                                                                        Shandong Province
 7     The gold mine at Shanglanzi mine area in Penglai City, Shandong           Shandong Gold Jinchuang Group Co., Ltd.               Yanzikuang Village, Daliuhang Town, Penglai City, Shandong               3.6    Yes
         Province (exploration) (山東省蓬萊市上嵐子礦區金礦勘探)
 8     The deep level and outer rim of Heilangou gold mine in Penglai City,      Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd.                          Daxindian Town, Penglai City, Shandong Province                         1.48    Yes
         Shandong Province (general exploration)
         (山東省蓬萊市黑嵐溝金礦深部及外圍詳查)
 9     The gold mine at north Chugezhuang in Penglai District, Yantai City,      Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd.                          Penglai City, Shandong Province                                         5.89    Yes
         Shandong Province (general exploration)
         (山東省煙台市蓬萊區初格莊北金礦詳查)
 10    The gold mine in the northern mine area of Xishipeng, Penglai District,   Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd.                          Penglai District, Yantai City, Shandong Province                        2.41    Yes
         Yantai City, Shandong Province (exploration)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2024

         (山東省煙台市蓬萊區西石硼北部礦區金礦勘探)
 11    The gold mine in Shuiwangzhuang mining area,                              Zhaoyuan Jiuzhou Mining Co., Ltd.                     Zhaoyuan City, Shandong Province                                       186.1    Yes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Zhaoyuan City, Shandong Province (exploration)                                                                                                                                                                                                                         31
         (山東省招遠市水旺莊礦區金礦勘探)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               32
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Detected gold    Whether entrusted
No.   Name of exploration permit                                          Holder of exploration permit                                    Location                                                 content (tonnes)   by the Company


12    The gold mine in Lijiazhuang mining area, Zhaoyuan City, Shandong   Shandong Chengjin Mining Co., Ltd.                              Zhaoyuan City, Shandong Province                                   17.05    Yes
        Province (exploration) (山東省招遠市李家莊礦區金礦勘探)
13    The gold mine at the peripheral rim of Dayaokeng mine area in       Fujian Province Zhenghe Hongkun Mining Co., Ltd.                Dayaokeng Village, Xingxi Town, Zhenghe County, Fujian   Not detected yet   Yes
        Zhenghe County, Fujian Province (general exploration)                                                                               Province
        (福建省政和縣大藥坑礦區金礦外圍地質詳查)
14    The gold mine at the deep level of Dayaokeng mine area in           Fujian Province Zhenghe Hongkun Mining Co., Ltd.                Dayaokeng Village, Xingxi Town, Zhenghe County, Fujian          Au: 0.89    Yes
        Zhenghe County, Fujian Province (general exploration)                                                                               Province                                                     Ag: 21.09
        (福建省政和縣大藥坑礦區金礦深部詳查)
15    The gold and copper mine in the outer rim of Xingxi mine area in    Fujian Province Zhenghe Dayuan Mining Co., Ltd.                 Zhenghe County, Fujian Province                          Not detected yet   Yes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.




        Zhenghe County, Fujian Province (general exploration)
        (福建省政和縣星溪礦區外圍金銅礦詳查)
16    The gold mine at Asiha (Kere) District in Dulan County,             Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                                Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province                          8.03    Yes
        Qinghai Province (general exploration)
        (青海省都蘭縣阿斯哈（可熱）地區金礦詳查)
17    Walega gold mine in Dulan County, Qinghai Province (general         Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                                Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province                          8.02    Yes
        exploration) (青海省都蘭縣瓦勒尕金礦詳查)
18    The outer rim of Walega gold mine in Dulan County,                  Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                                Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province               Not detected yet   Yes
        Qinghai Province (general exploration)
        (青海省都蘭縣瓦勒尕金礦外圍詳查)
19    The gold mine at Daligigetang District in Dulan County,             Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                                Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province               Not detected yet   Yes
        Qinghai Province (general prospecting)
        (青海省都蘭縣達里吉格塘地區金礦普查)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




20    Guoluolongwa gold mine in Dulan County, Qinghai Province            Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                                Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province                         12.94    Yes
        (general exploration) (青海省都蘭縣果洛龍窪金礦詳查)
21    Guoluolongwa gold mine (below 3,740 meters) in                      Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                                Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province               Not detected yet   Yes
        Dulan County, Qinghai Province (general prospecting)
        (青海省都蘭縣果洛龍窪金礦（3,740米以下）普查)
22    Annage gold mine in Dulan County, Qinghai Province                  Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                                Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province                          1.67    Yes
        (general exploration) (青海省都蘭縣按納格金礦詳查)
23    Dachaidan Hangwei Shengligou gold mine in Qinghai Province          Shanjin Western Geological and Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd.   Dachaidan Hangwei, Haixi Prefecture, Qinghai Province               0.56    Yes
        (general exploration) (青海省大柴旦行委勝利溝金礦詳查)
                                                                                                                                                                                           Detected gold    Whether entrusted
No.   Name of exploration permit                                            Holder of exploration permit                                    Location                                     content (tonnes)   by the Company


24    The gold mine at south Asiha in Dulan County, Qinghai Province        Shanjin Western Geological and Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd.   Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province   Not detected yet   Yes
        (pre-prospecting) (青海省都蘭縣阿斯哈南金礦預查)
25    The gold mine at south Walega in Dulan County, Qinghai Province       Shanjin Western Geological and Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd.   Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province   Not detected yet   Yes
        (pre-prospecting) (青海省都蘭縣瓦勒尕南金礦預查)
26    The gold mine at Hongqidian, Tuoli County, Xinjiang                   Shanjin Western Geological and Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd.   Tuoli County, Tacheng District, Xinjiang     Not detected yet   Yes
        (general prospecting) (新疆托里縣紅旗點金礦普查)
27    The gold mine at Anjiacha Gold Mine in Xihe County, Gansu Province    Shanjin Western Geological and Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd.   Xihe County, Gansu Province                  Not detected yet   Yes
        (general prospecting) (甘肅省西和縣安家岔金礦普查)
28    Tenglongling gold mine in Yiwu County, Xinjiang                       Shanjin Western Geological and Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd.   Yiwu County, Xinjiang                                    3.7    Yes
        (general prospecting) (新疆伊吾縣騰龍嶺金礦普查)
29    The outer rim of Siergoumen gold mine in Xihe County,                 Shanjin Western Geological and Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd.   Xihe County, Gansu Province                  Not detected yet   Yes
        Gansu Province (general prospecting)
        (甘肅省西和縣四兒溝門外圍金礦普查)
30    Wuzunbulake gold mine in Gaochang District, Turpan City, Xinjiang     Inner Mongolia Shanjin Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.    Gaochang District, Turpan City, Xinjiang     Not detected yet   Yes
        (general prospecting) (新疆吐魯番市高昌區烏尊布拉克金礦普查)
31    East Wuzunbulake gold mine in Gaochang District,                      Inner Mongolia Shanjin Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.    Gaochang District, Turpan City, Xinjiang     Not detected yet   Yes
        Turpan City, Xinjiang (general prospecting)
        (新疆吐魯番市高昌區烏尊布拉克東金礦普查)
32    The Yinxiangou gold-polymetallic mine in Songshan District, Chifeng   Inner Mongolia Shanjin Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd.    Songshan District, Chifeng City              Not detected yet   Yes
        City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region (general prospecting)
        (內蒙古自治區赤峰市松山區銀線溝金多金屬礦詳查)



        Total                                                                                                                                                                                    275.09




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     33
Statistics of the resources under the mining permits of SDG Group                                                                                                                                                                                                       34


                                                                                                                                                                                              Retained gold    Whether entrusted
 No.       Name of exploration permit                                          Holder of exploration permit                       Location                                                  content (tonnes)   by the Company


 1         Shandong Gold Jinchuang Group Co., Ltd. Yankou mine area            Shandong Gold Jinchuang Group Co., Ltd.            Yankou area, Daliuhang Town, Penglai, Shandong Province             57.73    Yes
             (山東黃金金創集團有限公司奄口礦區)
 2         Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd. Shangkouwangli gold mine area          Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd.                       Daxindian Town, Penglai, Shandong Province                          3.879    Yes
             (山東金創股份有限公司上口王李金礦區)
 3         Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd. Heijinding mine area                   Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd.                       Daxindian Town, Penglai, Shandong Province                          1.538    Yes
             (山東金創股份有限公司黑金頂礦區)
 4         Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd. Heilangou mine area                    Shandong Jinchuang Co., Ltd.                       Daxindian Town, Penglai, Shandong Province                          6.721    Yes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.




             (山東金創股份有限公司黑嵐溝礦區)
 5         Qingdao Jinxing Mining Co., Ltd. (青島金星礦業股份有限公司)                     Qingdao Jinxing Mining Co., Ltd.                   Jiudian Town, Pingdu City, Shandong Province                         6.44    Yes
 6         Hainan Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd. Baolun gold mine in Ledong County   Hainan Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                    Ledong County, Hainan Province                                       9.46    Yes
             (海南山金礦業有限公司樂東縣抱倫金礦)
 7         Songxian Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd. (嵩縣山金礦業有限公司)                      Songxian Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                  Shuigou Village, Dazhang Town, Song County, Luoyang                 2.811    Yes
 8         Fujian Province Zhenghe Hongkun Mining Co., Ltd. Dayaokeng gold     Fujian Province Zhenghe Hongkun Mining Co., Ltd.   Xingxi Town, Zhenghe County, Fujian Province                         0.94    Yes
             mine (福建省政和縣宏坤礦業有限公司大藥坑金礦)
 9         Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd. Guoluolongwa gold mine in          Qinghai Shanjin Mining Co., Ltd.                   Gouli Town, Dulan County, Qinghai Province                           0.84    Yes
             Dulan County (青海山金礦業有限公司都蘭縣果洛龍窪金礦)
 10        Fujian Province Zhenghe Dayuan Mining Co., Ltd.                     Fujian Province Zhenghe Dayuan Mining Co., Ltd.    Zhenghe County, Fujian Province                                     2.455    Yes
             sulfur-gold-copper mine of Xingxi mine area
             (福建省政和縣大源礦業有限公司星溪礦區硫金銅礦)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




             Total                                                                                                                                                                                   92.814


Notes:

1.     According to the requirements of the governments at all levels of Shandong Province and Yantai City on the gold mineral resources consolidation plan in 2021, Laizhou Ludi Mining Investment and
       Development Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SDG Group, consolidated and transferred the “Jincheng Gold Mining Permit” held by it to Shandong Gold Mining (Laizhou) Co., Ltd. (“Laizhou
       Company”) , a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In 2022, Laizhou Company acquired the consolidated “Jiaojia Gold Mining Permit”, which includes the Jincheng Gold Mining Permit, and
       the gold content of Jincheng Gold Mining Permit reached 73.4 tonnes, and the resource income from the Jincheng Gold Mining Permit remains substantially attributable to Laizhou Ludi Mining
       Investment and Development Co., Ltd.

2.     SDG Group has been sorting out the resources of gold exploration and mining permits owned by it in the PRC and improvement in their titles or certificates, and will actively promote the transfer of
       eligible mineral rights to the Company. If the relevant conditions for their injection into the Company are not met or the Company is unwilling to acquire them, such mineral rights will be disposed of
       by way of sale to an unrelated third party, etc., with the prior consent of the Company.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024       35


                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed
securities of the Company (including sale of treasury Shares, if any).

The Company did not hold any treasury Shares as at the end of the Reporting Period.

DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL
SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

As at 30 June 2024, so far as the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company are aware, the following
persons (not being a Director, Supervisor or chief executive of the Company) had interests and long/short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which were required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered into the register to
be kept by the Company referred to therein, or required to be notified to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2
and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                         Number of                   Approximate     percentage of
                                                                          Shares or                percentage of      shareholding
                                                                         underlying    Long/         shareholding       in the total
 Name of                                                   Class of          Shares    Short       in the relevant           issued
 substantial Shareholder        Nature of interest         Shares        interested    position   class of Shares     share capital


 SDG Group Co.                  Beneficial owner           A Shares    1,694,069,251   Long               46.87%            37.87%

                                Interest held by controlled A Shares    332,538,111    Long                9.20%             7.43%
                                   corporation(1)

 Shandong Gold Resources        Beneficial owner(2)        A Shares     194,872,049    Long                5.39%             4.36%
   Development Co., Ltd.
   (“SDG Resources
   Development”)

 Gold Virtue Limited            Beneficial owner           H Shares      85,705,455    Long                9.98%             1.92%
                                                                         11,000,000    Short               1.28%             0.25%

 Schroders PLC                  Investment manager         H Shares      77,253,850    Long                8.99%             1.73%

 China Structural Reform Fund   Beneficial owner           H Shares      50,977,020    Long                5.93%             1.14%
   Corporation Limited
   (中國國有企業結構調整基金
   股份有限公司)

 CEB-GFAM-China Structural      Trustee                    H Shares      50,977,020    Long                5.93%             1.14%
  Reform Fund Asset
  Management Account No. 1
  (廣發資管－國調基金1號
  定向資產管理計劃)

 BlackRock, Inc(3)              Interest held by controlled H Shares     46,194,167    Long                5.38%             1.03%
                                   corporation
                                                                          2,937,000    Short               0.34%             0.07%
36    SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


OTHER INFORMATION

Notes:

(1)   These 332,538,111 A Shares comprise 194,872,049 A Shares held by SDG Resources Development, 102,941,860 A Shares held by
      Shandong Gold Non-ferrous Metal Mine Group Co., Ltd. (“SDG Non-ferrous”), 31,467,157 A Shares held by Shandong Gold Group
      Qingdao Gold Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Gold”) and 3,257,045 A Shares held by SDG (Beijing) Industry Investment Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Industry
      Investment”). Each of SDG Resources Development, SDG Non-ferrous, Qingdao Gold and Beijing Industry Investment is wholly-owned by
      SDG Group Co.. SDG Group Co. holds 100% equity interest of SDG Non-ferrous. As such, SDG Group Co. is deemed to be interested in
      the Shares held by SDG Resources Development, SDG Non-ferrous, Qingdao Gold and Beijing Industry Investment for the purpose of the
      SFO.

(2)   SDG Resources Development is wholly-owned by SDG Group Co., and therefore SDG Group Co. is deemed to be interested in all the
      Shares held by SDG Resources Development for the purpose of the SFO.

(3)   BlackRock, Inc. is deemed to hold a total of long position of 46,194,167 H Shares and a short position of 2,937,000 H Shares due to
      its control rights over a number of companies. Trident Merger, LLC, BlackRock Investment Management, LLC, BlackRock Holdco 2,
      Inc., BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., BlackRock Holdco 4, LLC, BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC, BlackRock Delaware Holdings Inc.,
      BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association, BlackRock Fund Advisors, BlackRock Capital Holdings, Inc., BlackRock
      Advisors, LLC, BlackRock International Holdings, Inc., BR Jersey International Holdings L.P., BlackRock Lux Finco S.à r.l., BlackRock
      Japan Holdings GK, BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd., BlackRock Holdco 3, LLC, BlackRock Canada Holdings ULC, BlackRock Asset
      Management Canada Limited, BlackRock Australia Holdco Pty. Ltd., BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited, BlackRock
      (Singapore) Holdco Pte. Ltd., BlackRock HK Holdco Limited, BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, BlackRock Cayman 1
      LP, BlackRock Cayman West Bay Finco Limited, BlackRock Cayman West Bay IV Limited, BlackRock Group Limited, BlackRock Finance
      Europe Limited, BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V., BlackRock International Limited, BlackRock Group Limited-Luxembourg Branch, BlackRock
      Luxembourg Holdco S.à r.l., BlackRock Investment Management Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company, BlackRock Asset Management
      Ireland Limited, BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A., BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, BlackRock Fund Managers Limited,
      BlackRock Life Limited, BlackRock (Singapore) Limited, BlackRock UK Holdco Limited, BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG, EG
      Holdings Blocker, LLC, Amethyst Intermediate, LLC, Aperio Holdings, LLC and Aperio Group, LLC, being the controlled corporations, are
      directly or indirectly interested in the H Shares.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company are not
aware of any person (who were not Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or
short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company and the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were interested in 5% or more
of the nominal value of any class of the share capital carrying the rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings
of the Company, or had an interest or short position which would be required to be entered into the register to be kept
by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024     37


                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION

DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS,
SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE COMPANY

As at 30 June 2024, there were no interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) owned by Directors, Supervisors
and chief executive of the Company which were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
taken, or deemed to have, under such provisions of the SFO); or were required to be recorded in the register kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING

The H Shares were listed on 28 September 2018 on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with net
proceeds of approximately HK$5,245.7 million (approximately RMB4,618.8 million) after deducting transaction fees and
other expenses. RMB4,506.1 million of the above has been fully utilized to repay Syndicated Term Loans in accordance
with the uses stated in the Prospectus, and RMB95 million has been utilized to pay listing expenses in accordance with
the uses stated in the Prospectus. Reference is made to the Company’s announcement dated 27 October 2023, since
the Company has paid up all listing expenses, the Company decided to change the use of the unutilized proceeds of
RMB17.7 million and apply them to the replenishment of working capital in full. Changes to the use of proceeds from
the global offerings do not require the approval of general meeting. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 27 October 2023. At the beginning of the Reporting Period, the balance of such proceeds amounted to
RMB0.5 million, which were fully utilized for the replenishment of working capital during the Reporting Period according
to the revised use of proceeds. As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were no unutilized proceeds from the global
offering.
38   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


OTHER INFORMATION

STAFF OF THE GROUP

As at 30 June 2024, the Group had a total of 19,314 full-time employees. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the
staff cost (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries and other benefits) was approximately RMB2,563.33
million (six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately RMB1,806.9 million).

The Company is strategically oriented, and based on the principle of market-oriented allocation, has established a post-
performance salary system that is competitive, fair, and motivating internally, and offering competitive salary in line with
the external market rate to enhance the performance of employees. The annual salary standard of senior management
is determined according to the market rate whilst in consideration of the corporate efficiency, scale, and operational
difficulty of his/her respective position and fulfilment of one’s target responsibility signed by the senior management
annually.

The Group ensured that the remuneration packages of employees are competitive and the remuneration level of its
employees was determined on the basis of work performance, with reference to the profitability of the Group, industry
remuneration standards and market conditions within the general framework of the Group’s remuneration system.

For operation management training of the Group, we aligned with Xi Jinping’s Thought on Socialism with Chinese
Characteristics for a New Era, aiming to become an internationally first-class enterprise, with lean management as our
goal and improving operational management level as our purpose. We conducted training for management personnel
at all levels, covering production operations, human resources, project management, financial auditing, financial
management, resource acquisition, and party building and discipline inspection, etc. Professional and technical
personnel training was oriented towards enhancing scientific and technological innovation capabilities, with continuing
education for professional and technical personnel as a focus, and facilitating the technological progress of the enterprise
as the objective. This is achieved through the organization of continuing education for professionals in geophysical
exploration, selection, and electrical mechanics, among others, and specialized lectures by expert committees from
various disciplines including geophysical exploration, selection, and electrical mechanics. The training of vocational skills
employees starts with the cultivation of gold craftsmen, emphasizes the improvement of skill quality, and aims to enhance
technical abilities, through which the pre-employment training, continuing education, and self-assessment for skilled
employees have been successfully accomplished.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024    39


                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION

EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDING SCHEME PRIOR TO THE LISTING OF H SHARES

In May 2015, the Company obtained approval from the Shareholders’ general meeting of our Company to establish the
Phase One Employee Shareholding Scheme of Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd. (山東黃金礦業股份有限公司第一期員
工持股計劃) (the “Employee Shareholding Scheme”) for the purpose of enhancing the cohesiveness of employees
and vitality of the Company’s development, and improving corporate governance level, so as to better promote the
Company’s long-term, sustainable and healthy development. The Employee Shareholding Scheme is adopted with a
duration of 84 months. The eligible participants of the Employee Shareholding Scheme include certain then management
members of our Company, our subsidiaries and target companies in connection with the private placement in 2016.

On 17 October 2016, our Company completed registration and custody procedures at the Shanghai branch of China
Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited (中國證券登記結算有限責任公司) of 11,645,629 Shares to 128
individuals at the price of RMB14.30 per Share under the Employee Shareholding Scheme for a subscription amount
of RMB166,532,494.70. The Company has not issued any Shares under the Employee Shareholding Scheme since
then. The relevant Shares were subject to a lockup period of 36 months and were unlocked and vested to the said
participants. As of 28 August 2024, being the date of the Company’s 2024 interim results announcement, all the Shares
under the Employee Shareholding Scheme have been disposed of. The Employee Shareholding Scheme does not
constitute a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

MATERIAL CHANGE

Save as disclosed herein, there has been no material change in respect of the future developments in the business of the
Group (including the Company’s prospects for the current financial year) since the publication of the Company’s 2023
annual report.
40   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


OTHER INFORMATION

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company, being a company listed in Hong Kong and Shanghai, manages its operation in strict compliance with the
laws, regulations and regulatory documents of the places where its shares are listed, and strives to protect and enhance
its corporate image. The Company continues to improve its corporate governance structure in compliance with the PRC
Company Law and the regulations and requirements of the CSRC, the SFC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The
corporate governance of the Company complies with the applicable requirements of the relevant laws and regulations.

The Company is committed to the maintenance of good corporate governance practices, with reference to the CG Code.
The Board is of the opinion that the Company had complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of
the CG Code during the six months ended 30 June 2024.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS PURSUANT TO
RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE HONG KONG LISTING RULES

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, during the Reporting Period, the changes in the particulars
of the Directors are as follows: the Company received a written resignation report from Mr. Wang Lijun, a former Director
on 12 January 2024. Mr. Wang Lijun applied for resignation as a non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board,
a member of the strategy committee of the sixth session of the Board and a member of the nomination committee of
the sixth session of the Board due to change of work positions. Mr. Wang Lijun will cease to hold any position in the
Company and its subsidiaries after the resignation.

Mr. Liew Fui Kiang, an independent non-executive Director, retired as an independent non-executive director of Gilston
Group Limited (formerly known as China Apex Group Limited, listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
2011) with effective from 21 June 2024.

Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, there were no other changes to the information of the Directors
and Supervisors as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors
and Supervisors. Having made specific enquiries with all the Directors and Supervisors, each of the Directors and
Supervisors has confirmed that he/she has complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The audit committee currently comprises of two non-executive Directors, Mr. Li Hang and Ms. Wang Xiaoling and three
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Wang Yunmin, Mr. Liew Fui Kiang and Ms. Zhao Feng. The chairman of the
Audit Committee is Ms. Zhao Feng.

The audit committee has reviewed the interim report of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and further
discussed the auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters. The audit committee considers that the interim
report of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are in compliance with the applicable accounting standards
and relevant laws and regulations and have made sufficient disclosure.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024     41


                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION

OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING REPORTING PERIOD

On 26 January 2024 (after trading hours), the Company and Shandong Gold Geological Mine Exploration Co., Ltd. (山
東黃金地質礦產勘查有限公司) (“Shandong Gold Exploration”) entered into the Acquisition Agreement, pursuant to
which Shandong Gold Exploration agreed to sell and the Company agreed to acquire the Xiling Gold Mine Exploration
Right, at a consideration of RMB10,334,248,700. The relevant resolution was considered and approved at the 2024
second extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 7 March 2024. For details, please refer to the Company’s
announcement dated 26 January 2024 and the circular dated 21 February 2024 published on the website of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.

On 26 January 2024, in accordance with the latest provisions of the Management Measures for Independent Directors
of Listed Companies (《上市公司獨立董事管理辦法》) of the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Hong
Kong Listing Rules and based on the actual conditions of the Company, the Company made amendments to the
Articles of Association and the amendments to the Articles of Association were approved by Shareholders at the 2024
second extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 7 March 2024. For details, please refer to the Company’s
announcement dated 26 January 2024 and the circular dated 21 February 2024 published on the website of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD

In the view of the fact that the issuance of A Shares to target subscribers by the Company has not yet been completed,
the Company proposed to extend the validity period of the Shareholders’ resolution in relation to the issuance of A
Shares to target subscribers and the validity period of the authorization by the Shareholders’ meeting to the Board and
its authorized persons with full discretion to deal with the relevant matters relating to the issuance of A Shares to target
subscribers, in order to ensure the smooth progress of the relevant work. The Company convened the 62nd meeting of
the sixth session of the Board and the 37th meeting of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee on 9 July 2024,
which considered and approved the Resolution on the Extension of the Validity Period of the Shareholders’ Resolution
in relation to the Issuance of A Shares of the Company to Target Subscribers, which proposed to extend the validity
period of the Shareholders’ resolution in relation to the issuance of A Shares to target subscribers to 29 July 2025. The
Company convened the 62nd meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the 37th meeting of the sixth session of the
Supervisory Committee on 9 July 2024, which considered and approved the Resolution on the Extension of the Validity
Period of the Authorization by the Shareholders’ Meeting to the Board and its Authorized Persons with Full Discretion to
Deal with the Relevant Matters relating to the Issuance of A Shares to Target Subscribers, which proposed to extend the
validity period of the authorization by the Shareholders’ meeting of the Company to the Board and its authorized persons
with full discretion to handle matters related to the issuance of A Shares to target subscribers. As for the authorization,
if it involves specific implementations after the approval of the issuance from the regulatory authority and the stock
exchange, the validity period of the authorization shall be from the date of consideration and approval by the general
meeting of the Company to the date of completion of such specific implementations, while the validity period of remaining
authorization shall be extended to 29 July 2025. The relevant resolutions were considered and approved at the 2024
fourth extraordinary general meeting, the 2024 second A Shares class meeting and the 2024 second H Shares class
meeting of the Company held on 29 July 2024. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 29 July
2024 and circular dated 12 July 2024 published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
42   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


OTHER INFORMATION

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend our sincere thanks to our customers, suppliers and Shareholders for their
continuous support to the Group. I would also like to extend my gratitude and appreciation to all management and staff
for their hard work and dedication throughout the period.

                                                                                       By order of the Board
                                                                                  Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Li Hang
                                                                                             Chairman

Jinan, the PRC, 28 August 2024
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024    43


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                   For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                               Unaudited
                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                           Notes           RMB’000        RMB’000


Revenue                                                                       3           45,773,495        27,424,883
Cost of sales                                                                            (40,107,712)      (24,061,735)

Gross profit                                                                               5,665,783         3,363,148
Selling expenses                                                                             (83,113)           (59,094)
General and administrative expenses                                                       (1,415,444)       (1,114,672)
Research and development expenses                                                           (258,162)         (164,918)
Other income                                                                                  12,506              8,319
Other gains and losses, net                                                                 (337,129)           (71,852)
Finance income                                                                                94,979             51,055
Finance costs                                                                 5             (921,165)         (702,317)
Share of results of associates                                                                14,777             18,023

Profit before tax                                                                          2,773,032         1,327,692
Income tax expenses                                                           6             (641,318)         (347,858)

Profit for the period                                                         7            2,131,714           979,834

Profit for the period attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                                    1,357,002           854,582
Ordinary shares                                                                            1,157,558           641,327
Perpetual bonds                                                                              199,444           213,255

– Non-controlling interests                                                                  774,712           125,252

                                                                                           2,131,714           979,834

EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                            9
– Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                                       0.26              0.14


During the Reporting Period, the profit for the period attributable to the holders of the Company’s equity instruments
included the interest attributable to the holders of the perpetual bonds of RMB199,444,000. After deducting the
perpetual bond interest, the profit for the period attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company during the
Reporting Period was RMB1,157,558,000. The effect of interest on perpetual bonds is deducted in the calculation of
basic and diluted earnings per share.
44   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2024


                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


Profit for the period                                                2,131,714        979,834

Other comprehensive income (expense):
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Currency translation differences                                      (235,266)        64,207

Other comprehensive income attributable to minority shareholders          (349)             –

Other comprehensive income (expense) for the period                   (235,615)        64,207

Total comprehensive income for the period                            1,896,099      1,044,041

Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                              1,121,736        918,789
Ordinary shares                                                        922,292        705,534
Perpetual bonds                                                        199,444        213,255

– Non-controlling interests                                           774,363         125,252

                                                                     1,896,099      1,044,041
                                                                                  Interim Report 2024      45


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                           As at 30 June 2024


                                                                                  As at               As at
                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                    Notes     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                        10      54,644,480         50,357,955
Investment properties                                                           165,671            164,392
Right-of-use assets                                                  11       1,467,568          1,492,974
Intangible assets                                                    12      43,696,806         32,988,312
Goodwill                                                                     11,582,589         11,475,523
Investments in associates                                                     2,536,729          2,521,951
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                28,720             28,720
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                13       4,735,596          4,829,857
Inventories                                                                   1,057,905          1,135,305
Deferred income tax assets                                                      835,604            722,744
Other non-current assets                                                        688,657            668,928

                                                                            121,440,325        106,386,661

Current assets
Inventories                                                                   9,060,055          8,848,047
Prepayments, trade and other receivables                             14       6,820,027          5,352,317
Prepaid income tax                                                               11,373             41,983
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                13       6,112,270          4,165,391
Restricted bank deposits                                                      1,615,849          1,871,539
Bank balances and cash                                               15       7,984,987          8,352,903

                                                                             31,604,561         28,632,180

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                             16      28,624,873         19,976,443
Lease liabilities                                                                23,996             47,906
Current income tax liabilities                                                  698,340            529,476
Borrowings                                                           17      33,907,770         27,932,634
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss           18       1,341,833            801,362
Current portion of other non-current liabilities                                167,170            205,055

                                                                             64,763,982         49,492,876

Net current liabilities                                                     (33,159,421)       (20,860,696)

Total assets less current liabilities                                        88,280,904         85,525,965
46   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 30 June 2024


                                                           As at           As at
                                                        30 June    31 December
                                                           2024            2023
                                             Notes     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                     (Unaudited)        (Audited)


Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                    17     25,066,339     23,211,331
Lease liabilities                                       130,471        108,361
Deferred income tax liabilities                       6,803,386      6,826,963
Deferred revenue                                         14,492         12,787
Provision for asset retirement obligations    19        839,633        842,789
Other non-current liabilities                         1,515,300      1,226,020

                                                     34,369,621     32,228,251

Net assets                                           53,911,283     53,297,714

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                 20      4,473,430      4,473,430
Reserves                                             18,977,069     18,667,125

Perpetual bonds                                      10,068,678      9,938,377
Non-controlling interests                            20,392,106     20,218,782

Total equity                                         53,911,283     53,297,714
                                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024              47


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                              For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2024


                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                   Statutory Transactions     Foreign
                                                                   and other    with non-    currency                                                              Non-
                                             Share      Capital      reserve   controlling translation                   Retained                  Perpetual controlling
                                            capital     reserve        funds     interests    reserve        Others        profits    Sub-total       Bonds    interests      Total
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000


At 1 January 2024                          4,473,430   5,788,983   1,148,834    (2,770,048)      78,403          2,620 14,418,333 23,140,555       9,938,377 20,218,782 53,297,714

Profit for the period                             –           –           –              –            –              –   1,357,002    1,357,002           –      774,712    2,131,714
Other comprehensive expense:
Currency translation differences                  –           –           –              –     (235,266)             –           –     (235,266)          –         (349)    (235,615)


Total comprehensive expense
    for the period                                –           –           –              –     (235,266)             –   1,357,002    1,121,736           –      774,363    1,896,099
Appropriations
Contribution from non-controlling
    interests shareholders                        –           –           –              –            –              –           –            –           –         100          100
Consideration paid for the business
    combination involving entities
    under common control
Acquisition of non-controlling interests          –           –           –              –            –              –           –            –           –            –            –
Acquisition of additional interest of
    a subsidiary                                  –      10,292           –              –            –              –           –      10,292            –      158,916     169,208
Distributions made to holders of
    perpetual bonds                               –           –           –              –            –              –           –            –           –            –            –
Dividends to shareholders of
    the Company                                   –           –           –              –            –              –    (626,280)    (626,280)          –            –     (626,280)
Dividends paid by subsidiaries of
    the Company to non-controlling
    interests                                     –           –           –              –            –              –           –            –           –     (768,677)    (768,677)
Others                                            –           –           –              –            –          3,640    (199,444)    (195,804)    130,301        8,622      (56,881)


At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                4,473,430   5,799,275   1,148,834    (2,770,048)    (156,863)         6,260 14,949,611 23,450,499 10,068,678 20,392,106 53,911,283
48       SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2024


                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                   Statutory    Transactions       Foreign
                                                                   and other       with non-      currency                                                              Non-
                                              Share      Capital     reserve      controlling   translation                   Retained                Perpetual   controlling
                                             capital    reserve        funds        interests      reserve           Others     profits   Sub-total     Bonds       interests      Total
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2023                          4,473,430   5,788,983   1,065,380     (1,465,776)        90,854           43,170 12,997,818 22,993,859     9,937,528   3,870,781 36,802,168


Profit for the period                             –           –           –                –             –                –    854,582     854,582           –      125,252      979,834
Other comprehensive expense:
Currency translation differences                  –           –           –                –        64,207                –          –      64,207           –             –      64,207


Total comprehensive expense for
    the period                                    –           –           –                –        64,207                –    854,582     918,789           –      125,252     1,044,041
Appropriations                                    –           –           –                –             –                –          –           –           –            –             –
Contribution from non-controlling
    interests shareholders                        –           –           –                –             –                –          –           –           –     (363,153)     (363,153)
Consideration paid for the business
    combination involving entities
    under common control                          –           –           –               –              –                –          –           –           –             –           –
Acquisition of non-controlling interests          –           –           –         123,982              –                –          –     123,982           –             –     123,982
Acquisition of additional interest of
    a subsidiary                                  –           –           –                –             –                –          –       5,245           –             –       5,245
Distributions made to holders of
    perpetual bonds                               –           –           –                –             –                –          –           –           –             –            –
Dividends to shareholders of
    the Company                                   –           –           –                –             –                –   (313,140)   (313,140)          –             –     (313,140)
Dividends paid by subsidiaries of
    the Company to non-controlling
    interests                                     –           –           –                –             –                –          –           –           –             –            –
Others                                            –           –           –                –             –            1,651   (213,255)   (211,604)    144,490            60      (67,054)


At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                4,473,430   5,794,228   1,065,380     (1,341,794)      155,061            44,821 13,326,005 23,517,131 10,082,018      3,632,940 37,232,089
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024    49


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                   For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                               Unaudited
                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Cash generated from operations                                                             7,295,256        1,046,917
Income tax paid                                                                             (738,127)        (370,884)

NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                         6,557,129          676,033

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    (4,942,845)       (3,695,186)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                        2,738            21,586
Payments for right-of-use assets                                                             (90,077)                 –
Payments for purchase of intangible assets                                                (4,696,724)            (2,553)
Withdrawals of restricted bank deposits                                                      973,368         1,402,098
Placement of restricted bank deposits                                                       (717,678)         (430,363)
Payments for settlement of gold futures/forward contracts                                    (63,168)                 –
Payments for purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            (9,031,619)         (867,642)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            6,811,089           426,107
Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                124,963                  –
Proceed from disposal of a subsidiary                                                              –              5,000
Consideration paid for acquisition of combined entities not under common control            (423,990)       (3,696,754)
Consideration paid for acquisition of non-controlling interest shareholders                        –          (399,692)
Consideration paid for capital contributions from non-controlling interest
  shareholders                                                                                      –         (390,000)

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                    (12,053,943)       (7,627,398)
50   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2024


                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Capital injections from non-controlling shareholders                           100         192,000
Repayments of lease liabilities                                            (26,076)         (30,523)
New bank borrowings raised                                              14,124,073     12,463,506
Repayments of bank borrowings                                          (11,425,313)     (5,539,326)
New borrowings from related parties raised                               1,399,000       1,693,000
Repayments of borrowings from related parties                           (1,194,600)     (1,556,300)
New corporate bonds raised                                               1,999,000                –
Interests paid                                                          (1,065,572)       (611,689)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                            (731,577)               –
Payments for provision for asset retirement obligations                     (5,261)            (765)
Government grants received                                                  14,211            8,241
Proceeds from gold leasing arrangements                                  8,525,942       4,218,045
Settlement of gold leasing arrangements                                 (6,427,465)     (4,720,132)
Payments for finance costs associated with gold leasing contracts          (76,051)       (107,565)

NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                       5,110,411      5,898,493

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                 (386,403)    (1,052,871)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD                 6,034,083      6,347,098
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      6,757         18,939

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD                       5,654,437      5,313,165

Analysis of cash and cash equivalents:
Bank balances and cash                                                   7,984,987      6,846,889
Less: cash held on behalf of customers for futures contracts trading    (2,330,550)    (1,533,724)

                                                                         5,654,437      5,313,165
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024         51


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                        As at 30 June 2024


1. GENERAL INFORMATION

  Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was established in the PRC on 31 January 2000 as a joint stock company with limited
  liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The A shares of the Company have been listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange since 28
  August 2003. The Company was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 28
  September 2018.

  In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the immediate holding company and the ultimate controlling party of the Company
  are Shandong Gold Group Co., Ltd. (山東黃金集團有限公司) (“Shandong Gold Group”) and the State-owned Assets Supervision and
  Administration Commission of Shandong Provincial People’s Government (山東省人民政府國有資產監督管理委員會), respectively.

  The Group is principally engaged in (i) mining, processing and sales of gold and gold products; (ii) manufacturing and sales of building
  decoration materials; and (iii) investment in equity funds, trading of gold bullion and provision of futures contracts trading services. The
  address of the Company’s registered office and principal place of business is No. 2503, Jingshi Road, Licheng District, Jinan, the People’s
  Republic of China (the “PRC”).

  The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of the
  Company.


2. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  2.1 Basis of preparation

        The interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Group has been prepared in accordance with International
        Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34 issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and the applicable disclosure
        provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.

        The interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for certain
        financial instruments, which are measured and carried at fair value at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
        policies set out below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
        services.

        Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
        participants in the principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit
        price) regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.

        The preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information requires the use of certain critical accounting judgements
        and estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgements and estimates in the process of applying the Group’s
        accounting policies.
52   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


2. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Application of new and amendments to IFRSs

         New and amendments to standards that are effective for the current year

         In the current interim period, the Group has applied, for the first time, the following new and amendments to the International
         Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the following new amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB, which are effective for the
         financial year beginning on 1 January 2024:


         Amendments to IFRS 16                                                    Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
         Amendments to IAS 1                                                      Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                                                                                    current
         Amendments to IAS 1                                                      Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
         Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                                           Supplier Finance Arrangements

         The application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current interim period has had no material effect on the Group’s financial
         performance and position for the current interim and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated
         financial statements.


     2.3 Going concern

         As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by approximately RMB33,159,421,000. The directors
         of the Company are of the opinion that the Group will be able to finance its future financing requirements and working capital based
         on the following considerations:

         (i)    The Group is expected to remain profitable and hence continue to generate operating cash inflows from its future business
                operations; and

         (ii)   The Group has maintained long business relationship with its principal bankers and the principal bankers have confirmed their
                willingness to provide sufficient banking facilities as at 30 June 2024 and available at least next twelve months from 30 June
                2024.

         In view of the above, the directors of the Company are confident that there will be sufficient financial resources available to the Group
         to enable it to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and to continue to operate for at least the next twelve months from 30
         June 2024. Accordingly, the directors of the Company have prepared the interim condensed consolidated financial information on
         a going concern basis. The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include any adjustments relating to the
         carrying amounts and reclassification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Group be unable to continue as a
         going concern.
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024        53


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   As at 30 June 2024


3. REVENUE

  Revenue represents revenue arising on sales of goods, leasing of properties and provision of services for the period. An analysis of the
  Group’s revenue is as follows:


                                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


  Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
  Sales of gold bullion, gold related products and others                                            45,733,905           27,391,308
  Brokerage and other fees earned from trading of futures contracts                                      30,960               30,828

                                                                                                     45,764,865           27,422,136
  Revenue from other sources
  Rental income from investment properties                                                                 8,630                 2,747

                                                                                                     45,773,495           27,424,883


  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of recognition:


                                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


  Timing of revenue recognition
  At a point in time and total revenue from contracts with customers                                 45,764,865           27,422,136
54   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


3. REVENUE (Continued)

     Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers by (i) timing of revenue recognition; and (ii)
     geographical markets, arising from different reporting segments:


     3.1 For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)

                                                           Gold              Gold   Investment
                                                         Mining           Refining Management                 Trading            Total
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000                RMB’000           RMB’000


          Revenue from contracts with
            customers within the scope of
            IFRS 15:
          Sales of gold bullion, gold related
            products and others                        2,324,486        28,982,281         7,922,345         6,504,793        45,733,905
          Brokerage and other fees earned
            from trading of futures contracts                    –                 –          30,960                   –          30,960

                                                       2,324,486        28,982,281         7,953,305         6,504,793        45,764,865
          Revenue from other sources:
          Rental income from investment
            properties                                      8,456                  –              174                  –            8,630

                                                       2,332,942        28,982,281         7,953,479         6,504,793        45,773,495

          Geographical markets:
          The PRC, excluding the Hong Kong
            Special Administrative Region
            (“Hong Kong”)                                730,325        28,982,281         7,953,479         5,235,272        42,901,357
          Outside the PRC                              1,602,617                 –                 –         1,269,521         2,872,138

                                                       2,332,942        28,982,281         7,953,479         6,504,793        45,773,495

          Timing of revenue recognition:
          At a point in time                           2,324,486        28,982,281         7,953,305         6,504,793        45,764,865
                                                                             Interim Report 2024   55


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  As at 30 June 2024


3. REVENUE (Continued)

   3.2 For the six months ended 30 June 2023 (unaudited)

                                                     Gold          Gold   Investment
                                                    Mining      Refining Management          Total
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


       Revenue from contracts with
         customers within the scope of
         IFRS 15:
       Sales of gold bullion, gold related
         products and others                      1,626,400   19,050,991   6,713,917    27,391,308
       Brokerage and other fees earned
         from trading of futures contracts               –             –      30,828        30,828

                                                  1,626,400   19,050,991   6,744,745    27,422,136
       Revenue from other sources:
       Rental income from investment properties      2,747             –           –          2,747

                                                  1,629,147   19,050,991   6,744,745    27,424,883

       Geographical markets:
       The PRC, excluding the Hong Kong
         Special Administrative Region
         (“Hong Kong”)                              508,767   19,050,991   6,744,745    26,304,503
       Outside the PRC                            1,120,380            –           –     1,120,380

                                                  1,629,147   19,050,991   6,744,745    27,424,883

       Timing of revenue recognition:
       At a point in time                         1,626,400   19,050,991   6,744,745    27,422,136
56   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The President Office (總裁辦公會) of the Company is the Group’s chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”). Management has determined
     the operating segments based on the information reviewed by the CODM for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing
     performance. The CODM has chosen to organize the Group around differences in different products and services.

     Financial information of the following reportable segments has been separately presented as discrete segment information for the CODM’s
     review:

     •     Gold Mining – mining and sales of gold ore;

     •     Gold Refining – production and sales of gold;

     •     Investment Management – investments in equity funds, trading of gold bullion and provision of futures contracts trading services;

     •     Trading – trading of gold bullion and non-ferrous metals.


     Segment revenue and results

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)


                                                                                                                       Inter-
                                                Gold              Gold        Investment                            segment
                                              Mining           Refining     Management            Trading        Elimination           Total
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                          (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     Revenue                                 9,346,435       29,127,242        8,023,213         6,504,793        (7,228,188)      45,773,495
     Less: inter-segment revenue            (7,013,493)        (144,961)         (69,734)                –         7,228,188                –

     Revenue from external customers        2,332,942        28,982,281        7,953,479         6,504,793                 –       45,773,495

     Operating profit                        3,231,729           98,736          101,607           979,310          (826,941)       3,584,441
     Finance income                            288,094            2,621           77,669            27,763          (301,168)          94,979
     Finance costs                          (1,088,645)          (4,592)        (109,203)          (19,893)          301,168         (921,165)
     Share of results of associates             14,784                –               (7)                –                 –           14,777

     Profit before tax                      2,445,962             96,765           70,066          987,180          (826,941)       2,773,032
     Income tax expenses                     (386,011)           (24,191)         (17,420)        (213,696)                –         (641,318)

     Profit for the period                  2,059,951            72,574           52,646           773,484          (826,941)       2,131,714
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024         57


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            As at 30 June 2024


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

   Segment revenue and results (Continued)

   For the six months ended 30 June 2023 (unaudited)


                                                                                                        Inter-
                                                   Gold            Gold        Investment           segment
                                                 Mining         Refining     Management           Elimination              Total
                                               RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000
                                             (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


   Revenue                                     7,597,338     19,079,744         6,744,745        (5,996,944)          27,424,883
   Less: inter-segment revenue                (5,968,191)        (28,753)               –         5,996,944                    –

   Revenue from external customers            1,629,147      19,050,991         6,744,745                   –         27,424,883

   Operating profit                           1,874,323          (26,062)         236,336          (123,666)           1,960,931
   Finance income                                32,180             3,936          14,939                 –               51,055
   Finance costs                               (596,795)           (2,981)       (102,541)                –             (702,317)
   Share of results of associates                18,023                 –               –                 –               18,023

   Profit (loss) before tax                   1,327,731          (25,107)        148,734           (123,666)           1,327,692
   Income tax expenses                         (337,975)               –           (9,883)                –             (347,858)

   Profit (loss) for the period                   989,756        (25,107)        138,851           (123,666)            979,834


   Segment assets and liabilities

   As at 30 June 2024


                                                                                                        Inter-
                                          Gold           Gold   Investment                           segment
                                        Mining        Refining Management          Trading        Elimination             Total
                                      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited) (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


   Total assets                     108,875,971      4,667,765    24,016,611     22,901,542        (7,417,003)       153,044,886

   Including:
   Investments in associates          2,532,628             –           4,101                –                   –     2,536,729

   Total liabilities                 82,928,549      3,769,977    14,935,335      4,916,745        (7,417,003)        99,133,603
58   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)

     At 30 June 2023


                                                                                                      Inter-
                                                 Gold             Gold      Investment            segment
                                               Mining          Refining   Management            Elimination         Total
                                             RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000
                                           (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)


     Total assets                          89,077,284        3,920,014         17,464,759     (10,610,314)     99,851,743

     Including:
     Investments in associates               2,392,833                –             4,092                 –     2,396,925

     Total liabilities                     54,824,179        3,086,166         12,461,078      (7,751,769)     62,619,654


5. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


     Interest expenses from:
        – bank borrowings                                                                      717,771           525,493
        – borrowings from related parties                                                       45,964             9,525
        – corporate bonds                                                                       14,729                 –
        – interest charge on unwinding of discounts from provision for asset
           retirement obligations (note 19)                                                     16,030            13,993
        – lease liabilities                                                                     11,220             5,719
     Finance costs for arranging gold leasing contracts                                        136,204           131,576
     Realised and unrealised fair value losses on gold leasing contracts                        13,271            16,334

                                                                                               955,189           702,640
     Less: amounts capitalised on qualifying assets                                            (34,024)             (323)

                                                                                               921,165           702,317
                                                                                                                Interim Report 2024         59


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       As at 30 June 2024


6. INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


  Current income tax:
    – In the PRC                                                                                            857,149               346,649
    – Outside the PRC                                                                                        80,451                22,890

                                                                                                            937,600               369,539
  Deferred income tax                                                                                      (296,282)               (21,681)

                                                                                                            641,318               347,858


  Notes:

  (a)   The provision for PRC enterprise income tax (the “EIT”) is calculated based on the statutory income tax rate of 25% (2023: 25%). The
        EIT is calculated based on the applicable income tax rate of 25% and the estimated tax assessable profit of each of the companies
        comprising the Group, determined in accordance with the relevant PRC income tax rules and regulations, except for the Company
        and certain subsidiaries which are taxed at preferential tax rate of 15% and 20% (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: 15%)
        based on the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations.

  (b)   The estimated tax assessable profit of the Group’s overseas joint operation is calculated at the statutory income tax rate in Argentina
        of 35% (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: 35%) in accordance with the Argentina income tax law.

        In addition, the joint operation enterprise has paid withholding tax of approximately RMB33,012,000 (for the six months ended
        30 June 2023: RMB13,654,000) during the six months ended 30 June 2024 on certain inter-company interest expenses paid to
        Shandong Gold Mining (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (“SDG Hong Kong”) (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) which were
        eliminated upon the proportional consolidation.
60   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


7. PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

     Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting):


                                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                       686,436                384,625
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                         1,806,331              1,377,933
     Depreciation of investment properties                                                                     6,304                   5,261
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                      44,860                  46,973
     Loss on disposals/retirement of property, plant and equipment                                             7,352                   1,427
     Provision for impairment of trade and other receivables, net                                            (12,935)                (30,720)
     Government grants                                                                                        12,506                   8,319
     Foreign exchange loss, net                                                                               33,843                  31,066
     Fair value gains (losses) of financial assets at FVTPL                                                  (27,013)               119,120
     Amount of inventories recognised as expenses                                                         39,328,015             23,865,249


8. DIVIDENDS

     On 28 March 2024, the Board of the Company proposed the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 of
     RMB0.14 per share to the shareholders of the Company. The dividend declared during the six months ended 30 June 2024 was
     approximately RMB626,280,000. The payment of dividend was resolved by an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the
     Company on 6 June 2024, and the dividend was paid on or before 30 July 2024.

     On 29 March 2023, the Board of the Company proposed the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 of
     RMB0.07 per share to the shareholders of the Company. The dividend declared during the six months ended 30 June 2023 was
     approximately RMB313,140,000. The payment of dividend was resolved by an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the
     Company on 7 June 2023, and the dividend was paid on or before 18 July 2023.

     The Company has a total share capital of 4,473,429,525.00 shares. On 28 August 2024, the 65th meeting of the sixth session of the
     Board was held to consider and approve the Proposal on Half-Year Profit Distribution Plan for 2024 and Carrying Out the Action of “Improving
     Quality, Increasing Efficiency and Enhancing Returns” of the Company. A cash dividend of RMB0.80 (tax inclusive) will be distributed to all
     shareholders for every 10 shares, representing a total undistributed profit of RMB357,874,362.00. The above profit distribution plan has
     not yet been approved by the Company’s general meeting.
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2024         61


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       As at 30 June 2024


9. EARNINGS PER SHARE

  Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the number of shares in issue.


                                                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2024            2023


  Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                                 1,157,558               641,327
  Weighted average number of shares in issues (thousands of shares)                                      4,473,430             4,473,430
  Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                                                    0.26                  0.14


  As the Company did not have any dilutive instruments during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the Group’s diluted earnings
  per share was the same as its basic earnings per share.


10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

  During the current interim period, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment of RMB144,900,000 (six months ended 30 June
  2023: RMB456,220,000).

  During the current interim period, the Group disposed of certain property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of
  RMB10,270,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB23,013,000) for cash proceeds of RMB2,738,000 (six months ended 30 June
  2023: RMB21,586,000), resulting in a loss on disposal of RMB7,352,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB1,427,000).

  In addition, the Group incurred cost for construction in progress of RMB5,916,177,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023:
  RMB3,393,326,000).
62   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


11. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS/LEASE LIABILITIES

     (a) Right-of-use assets/lease liabilities

          Additions to right-of-use assets of approximately RMB103,942,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB9,967,000) and lease
          liabilities of approximately RMB23,071,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB9,967,000) represented the new leases entered
          into by the Group during the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     (b) Amounts recognised in profit or loss

                                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


          Depreciation expenses on right-of-use assets:
            – leasehold land                                                                              64,440               24,212
            – buildings                                                                                   19,892               11,771
            – machinery and others                                                                        14,001               10,989

                                                                                                          98,333               46,973

          Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                           11,220                5,719
          Expense relating to short-term leases                                                           39,501               37,288


12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     During the current interim period, the Group acquired intangible assets of approximately RMB10,642,777,000 (six months ended 30 June
     2023: RMB38,386,000).
                                                            Interim Report 2024     63


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    As at 30 June 2024


13. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                            2024              2023
                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


   Financial assets at FVTPL include the following:
      – listed equity investments                       4,841,812         5,008,796
      – investments in equity funds                     2,907,359         2,678,644
      – structured deposits                             2,904,178         1,051,488
      – derivative financial assets                       194,517           256,320

                                                      10,847,866          8,995,248


                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                            2024              2023
                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


   Analyzed as:
     – listed in the PRC                                4,841,812         5,265,116
     – unlisted                                         6,006,054         3,730,132

                                                      10,847,866          8,995,248


                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                            2024              2023
                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


   Analyzed for reporting purpose as:
     – current assets                                   6,112,270         4,165,391
     – non-current assets                               4,735,596         4,829,857

                                                      10,847,866          8,995,248
64   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


14. PREPAYMENTS, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

     Prepayments, trade and other receivables mainly include trade receivables, notes receivable, value-added tax
     recoverable, prepayments and other receivables.

     For trade receivables, the Group did not allow any credit term to its trade customers. Ageing analysis of trade
     receivables at the end of each reporting period based on invoice dates were as follows:

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)


     Within 1 year                                                                      510,613           523,858
     1-2 years                                                                            6,166             6,937
     2-3 years                                                                              400               572
     Over 3 years                                                                         6,811             8,886

                                                                                        523,990           540,253
     Less: impairment of trade receivables                                              (33,022)           (20,288)

                                                                                        490,968           519,965


     In addition, included in the trade and other receivables was deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
     institutions of approximately RMB2,391,782,000 (31 December 2023: RMB2,146,204,000).

15. BANK BALANCES AND CASH

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)


     Cash on hand                                                                            567              649
     Short-term deposits of original maturity within 3 months in the banks and
       other financial institutions                                                    3,085,880        2,824,652
     Short-term deposits in the associate, Shandong Gold Group Finance Co., Ltd.
       (山東黃金集團財務有限公司) (“SDG Group Finance”)                                            2,567,990        3,208,782
     Cash held on behalf of customers for futures contracts trading (note)             2,330,550        2,318,820

                                                                                       7,984,987        8,352,903
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024     65


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       As at 30 June 2024


16. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

   Trade and other payables include trade payables, notes payable, contract liabilities and other payables, of which
   ageing analysis of trade payables at the end of each reporting period based on invoice dates were as follows:

                                                                                           30 June        31 December
                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)           (Audited)


   Within 1 year                                                                           2,493,035         2,602,006
   1-2 years                                                                                  64,587            11,092
   2-3 years                                                                                   5,887             5,417
   Over 3 years                                                                                3,416             8,233

                                                                                           2,566,925         2,626,748


17. BORROWINGS

   During the current interim period, the Group obtained new bank loans amounting to approximately
   RMB11,650,810,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB11,557,000,000). These loans carry interests at fixed
   market rates of 2.06% to 3.00% per annum, and are repayable in instalments over a period of three years. The
   Group obtained new bank loans amounting to approximately USD930,000,000. These loans carry interests at
   market rates of 5.90% to 6.54% per annum, and are repayable within one year.

   Included in new bank loans as at 30 June 2024 was the issue of ultra short-term financing bonds by the Group of
   approximately RMB1,700,000,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB1,300,000,000). These ultra short-term
   financing bonds carry interests at a rate ranging from 2.06% to 2.24% and are repayable within one year.

18. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL

   The Group obtained financing through entering into gold leasing contracts with banks to lease gold from banks
   and subsequently sold the gold through the Shanghai Gold Exchange. Upon maturity of those lease contracts,
   the Group has to return to such banks with gold of the same quantity and specification, which would be usually
   purchased through the Shanghai Gold Exchange. The maturity periods of gold leasing contracts are generally
   less than one year (one year inclusive). The Group has designated the liabilities associated with such gold leasing
   arrangements as financial liabilities at FVTPL. Realized or unrealized fair value gain (loss) on gold leasing contracts
   are recognized and presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as “finance costs”. The fair value of all
   gold leasing contracts is determined based on the current selling price in an active market.

   The Group had also entered into certain gold forward/futures contracts for managing part of the risk associated
   with the fluctuation in the purchase prices of gold for its operations or managing the price risk associated with
   the aforesaid gold leasing contracts. These gold forward/futures contracts have also been designated as financial
   liabilities at FVTPL. Realized and unrealized fair values gain/loss on the gold forward/futures contracts are
   recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as “other gains and losses, net”.
66   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


19. PROVISION FOR ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Audited)


     At the beginning of the period/year                                         842,789          733,117
     Interest charge on unwinding of discounts                                    16,030            34,837
     Additional provision                                                              –          111,626
     Payments                                                                     (5,261)          (59,632)
     Change in discount rate                                                     (16,805)          (32,663)
     Currency translation differences                                              2,880             7,379

     At the end of the period/year                                               839,633          842,789


20. SHARE CAPITAL

     Shares, issued and fully paid:

                                                      30 June 2024               31 December 2023
                                                       (Unaudited)                    (Audited)
                                                 Number of                     Number of
                                                    shares    Share capital        shares     Share capital
                                                 thousands         RMB’000     thousands         RMB’000


     Domestic shares (“A shares”) of
       RMB1.00 each

       – Held by Shandong Gold Group              1,687,091       1,687,091     1,687,091       1,687,091
       – Held by other shareholders               1,927,353       1,927,353     1,927,353       1,927,353

                                                  3,614,444       3,614,444     3,614,444       3,614,444
     H shares of RMB1.00 each                       858,986         858,986       858,986         858,986

                                                  4,473,430       4,473,430     4,473,430       4,473,430
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024     67


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    As at 30 June 2024


21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  The directors of the Company consider that Shandong Gold Group, a company registered in the PRC, as the
  immediate holding company of the Company. The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
  of Shandong Provincial People’s Government is the ultimate controlling party of the Company. The Group has
  extensive transactions with the related parties. For the purpose of disclosure of related party transactions, to the
  extent possible, the Group has procedures in place to assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure
  of its customers and suppliers as to whether they are related parties.

  Management believes that all material related party transactions and balances, of which they are aware of, have
  been adequately disclosed below. Sales of goods and provision of services to related parties are at state-prescribed
  prices or prices that are also available to other customers. The Group considers that these sales are activities in
  the ordinary course of business. In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial
  statements, the Group had the following material transactions and balances with related parties.

  (a) Transactions with Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries

                                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


       Purchases of electricity                                                          375,870            336,788
       Purchases of construction services                                                 45,743             41,800
       Purchases of processing services                                                   16,074             36,149
       Purchases of gold                                                                 804,797            798,189
       Purchases of exploration right                                                 10,334,249                  –
       Purchases of other services                                                        54,169             32,872

       Total purchases                                                                11,630,902          1,245,798

       Interest expenses from borrowings                                                   45,964              9,525

       Sales of gold and other metals                                                    560,544            196,594
       Sales of other materials and services                                               6,002            104,378

       Total sales                                                                       566,546            300,972

       Interest income from deposits                                                       19,731            15,094
68   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (b) Property and land leasing

                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


         Additions to right-of-use assets                                                10,207           59,326
         Interest on lease liabilities paid                                               1,722            1,698
         Rental fees paid to Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries             17,547           15,770
         Rental fees received from Shandong Gold Group and its fellow
            subsidiaries                                                                  1,120              619


     (c) Borrowings obtained from related parties

                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


         Borrowings obtained from SDG Group Finance:
         At the beginning of the year                                                 1,801,700           666,000
         Drawdown during the period                                                   1,399,000         1,693,000
         Repayment during the period                                                 (1,194,600)       (1,556,300)

         At the end of the period                                                     2,006,100          802,700


         The borrowings obtained from related parties are denominated in RMB and due within one period. The average
         interest rates as charged by the related parties are as below:

                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024            2023


         Interest rates                                                             2.2%-2.8%        2.25%-2.8%
                                                                  Interim Report 2024     69


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          As at 30 June 2024


21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (d) Period-end balances

                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                  2024              2023
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                            (Unaudited)          (Audited)


      Receivables from related parties

      Trade receivables, gross
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries      143,275            105,557
      Less: provision for impairment                            (6,230)             (7,051)

      Trade receivables, net                                   137,045             98,506

      Prepayments
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries        2,134                   –

      Other receivables, gross
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries       19,633             10,316
      Less: provision for impairment                              (922)              (449)

      Other receivables, net                                    18,711               9,867

      Balance with a financial institution
        – SDG Group Finance                                   2,567,990         3,208,782
      Others included in other non-current assets
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries        1,066               6,528

                                                              2,726,946         3,215,310

      Payables to related parties

      Trade payables
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries      576,081            248,811
      Notes payables
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries       88,589            134,244
      Contract liabilities
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries      132,303             64,935
      Other payables
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries     7,924,860         2,205,540
      Dividend payables
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries      306,231             22,506
      Lease liabilities
        – Shandong Gold Group and its fellow subsidiaries       44,108             31,094

                                                              8,983,583         2,707,130
70   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (e) Key management personnel compensation

           Key management personnel includes directors (executive and non-executive) of the Company, members
           of the executive committee and respective department heads. The compensation paid or payable to key
           management personnel for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


           Salaries and other short-term employee benefits
             – directors and supervisors of the Company                                            2,079              2,723
             – other key management personnel                                                      1,059              1,066

                                                                                                   3,138              3,789


     (f)   Transactions/balances with other state-controlled entities in the PRC

           The Group operates in an economic environment currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned
           or controlled by the PRC government (the “State-controlled Entities”). In addition, the Group is significant
           influenced indirectly by Shandong Gold Group, a state-owned enterprise established in the PRC.

           The Group also conducts business with other State-controlled Entities. The directors of the Company consider
           those State-controlled Entities to be third parties so far as the Group’s businesses with them are concerned.

           In addition, the Group has entered into various transactions, including deposits placements, borrowings and
           other general banking facilities, with certain banks which are the State-controlled Entities in its ordinary course
           of business.

           The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the transactions with other State-controlled Entities are
           not significant to the Group’s operations.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024       71


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             As at 30 June 2024


22. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

  Capital expenditure contracted for but not yet provided for in the interim condensed consolidated financial
  information of the Group at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)


  Commitment to acquisition and construction of long-term assets                                   640,131             150,450
  Significant labour contracts                                                                     655,288           1,155,053

                                                                                                 1,295,419           1,305,503


23. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

  The fair values (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) of these financial assets and financial
  liabilities are determined, as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
  categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

  •    Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets
       or liabilities;

  •    Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level
       1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
       and

  •    Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset
       or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
72   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 30 June 2024


23. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
     recurring basis

     The valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements of each financial instruments on a recurring
     basis are set out below:

                                                     Fair value                                       Valuation technique(s) and
                                                     hierarchy          Fair value as at              key input(s)
                                                                  30 June 2024 31 December 2023
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)           (Audited)


     Financial assets at FVTPL
        – Listed equity investments                     Level 1         86,681            147,511     Quoted price in an active market
        – Listed gold futures contracts                 Level 1        194,517            256,320     Quoted price in an active market
        – Listed equity investments                     Level 2      4,755,131          4,861,285     Market approach – price to book
                                                                                                         ratio
       – Investments in equity funds                    Level 2      1,758,491          1,688,672     Quoted price in the fund’s
                                                                                                         statements
       – Structured deposits                            Level 2      2,904,178          1,051,488     Quoted rate of return by issuing
                                                                                                         bank
       – Investments in other equity funds              Level 3        997,589            851,183     Income approach
       – Investments in other equity funds              Level 3        151,279            138,789     Based on net asset value (“NAV”)
                                                                                                         of the investment determined
                                                                                                         based on the fair value of
                                                                                                         the underlying investment
                                                                                                         portfolio, which is comprised
                                                                                                         of discount cash flows and
                                                                                                         equity interest held by the
                                                                                                         Group

                                                                    10,847,866          8,995,248

     Financial liabilities at FVTPL
        – Commodity options contracts and foreign       Level 1         17,398             20,141     Quoted price in an active market
             currency forward contracts
        – Gold leasing contracts and gold forward/      Level 2      1,324,435            781,221     Market approach – reference to
             futures contracts                                                                          the similar contracts
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024    73


NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    As at 30 June 2024


23. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
   recurring basis (Continued)

   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets on recurring basis:

                                                                                                    Financial assets
                                                                                                          at FVTPL –
                                                                                                      investments in
                                                                                                  other equity funds
                                                                                                            RMB’000


   At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                                                                968,697
   Purchases                                                                                                  109,732
   Disposals                                                                                                    8,951
   Realised gains in profit or loss                                                                             1,304
   Unrealised gains                                                                                            79,557

   At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                                                              1,150,339

   At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                                                989,972
   Purchases                                                                                                  181,999
   Disposals                                                                                                   56,498
   Realised losses in profit or loss                                                                            3,331
   Unrealised losses                                                                                           30,064

   At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                              1,148,868


   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a
   recurring basis

   The directors of the Company considered that the carrying amounts of other current financial assets and financial
   liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not materially
   differ from their fair values due to their immediate or short-term maturity or the interest rates used approximate to
   the discount rates of relevant financial assets or financial liabilities.
74   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


DEFINITIONS

In this interim report, unless otherwise indicated in the context, the following expressions have the meanings set out
below:

“A Share(s)”                              the domestic share(s) issued by the Company to domestic investors with
                                          a nominal value of RMB1.0 each, which are listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                          Exchange;

“Articles of Association”                 the articles of association of the Company;

“Board” or “Board of Directors”           the board of Directors of the Company;

“CG Code”                                 the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong
                                          Kong Listing Rules;

“China” or the “PRC” or “State”           The People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purpose of this interim
                                          report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan;

“CSRC”                                    China Securities Regulatory Commission;

“Director(s)”                             the director(s) of the Company;

“Group” or “we”                           the Company and all of its subsidiaries or, where the context so requires,
                                          in respect of the period before the Company became the holding company
                                          of its existing subsidiaries, the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or
                                          their predecessors (as the case may be);

“H Share(s)”                              the overseas-listed foreign invested share(s) in the Company’s share capital,
                                          with a nominal value of RMB1.0 each, which are listed on the Hong Kong
                                          Stock Exchange;

“Hong Kong”                               Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                          Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
                                          time to time;

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;

“IFRS”                                    the International Financial Reporting Standards, which include standards and
                                          interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board
                                          (IASB);

“Model Code”                              the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as
                                          set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules;

“PRC Company Law”                         the Company Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國公司法), as amended,
                                          supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time;
                                                                                        Interim Report 2024     75


                                                                                        DEFINITIONS

“Prospectus”                         the prospectus issued by the Company in connection with the Hong Kong
                                     public offering dated 14 September 2018;

“Reporting Period”                   from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024;

“RMB”                                Renminbi, the lawful currency of China;

“SDG Capital Management”             SDG Capital Management Co., Ltd. (山金金控資本管理有限公司), a limited
                                     liability company incorporated in the PRC on 14 November 2012, and a
                                     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;

“SDG Group”                          SDG Group Co. and all of its subsidiaries;

“SDG Group Co.”                      Shandong Gold Group Co., Ltd. (山東黃金集團有限公司), a limited
                                     liability company incorporated in the PRC on 16 July 1996, the controlling
                                     Shareholder of the Company; as of the date of this interim report, SDG
                                     Group Co. is held as to 70%, 20% and 10% by the State-owned Assets
                                     Supervision and Administration Commission of Shandong Provincial People’s
                                     Government (山東省人民政府國有資產監督管理委員會), Shandong Guohui
                                     Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (山東國惠投資控股集團有限公司) and
                                     Shandong Caixin Assets Management Co., Ltd.* (山東省財欣資產運營有限
                                     公司), respectively. Shandong Guohui Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd. is
                                     a limited liability company established in the PRC and is owned as to 100%
                                     by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
                                     Shandong Provincial People’s Government;

“SDG Group Finance”                  Shandong Gold Group Finance Co., Ltd. (山東黃金集團財務有限公司), a
                                     company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability on 17 July 2013, which
                                     is held as to 30% by the Company and 70% by SDG Group Co.;

“SDG Hong Kong”                      Shandong Gold Mining (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (山東黃金礦業（香港）有限
                                     公司), incorporated in Hong Kong on 27 February 2017 with limited liability
                                     and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;

“SFC”                                The Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong;

“SFO”                                the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                     Kong);

“Shandong Gold” or “Company”         Shandong Gold Mining Co., Ltd. (山東黃金礦業股份有限公司), a joint stock
                                     company incorporated in the PRC under the laws of the People’s Republic
                                     of China with limited liability on 31 January 2000, the H Shares and A Shares
                                     of which are listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                     (stock code: 1787) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600547)
                                     respectively;

“Shanghai Gold Exchange”             Shanghai Gold Exchange (上海黄金交易所);

“Shanghai Stock Exchange” or “SSE”   Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所);
76   SHANDONG GOLD MINING CO., LTD.


DEFINITIONS

“Shanjin International”               Shanjin International Gold Co., Ltd. (山金國際黃金股份有限公司) (formerly
                                      “Yintai Gold Co., Ltd. (銀泰黃金股份有限公司)”), a joint stock company
                                      established in the PRC with limited liability on 18 June 1999, the shares of
                                      which are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000975.SZ),
                                      and a holding subsidiary of the Company;

“Share(s)”                            share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of
                                      RMB1.00 each, comprising our A Share(s) and our H Share(s);

“Shareholder(s)”                      holder(s) of the Share(s);

“Supervisor(s)”                       the supervisor(s) of the Company;

“Supervisory Committee”               the supervisory committee of the Company;

“Syndicated Term Loan(s)”             the loan available under the US$960 million term loan facilities agreement
                                      dated 20 June 2017 entered into by, among others, SDG Hong Kong and
                                      several financial institutions, for which China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. New
                                      York Branch acted as the facility agent;

“USD”                                 United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United States; and

“Veladero Mine”                       the Veladero Mine located in the high Andes Cordillera of central western
                                      Argentina, details of which are set out in “Appendix IV – Competent Person’s
                                      Report – RPA Report” to the Prospectus.
