CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED
    (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

                   Stock Code: 00817




   Unleashing Future
   Vitality of the City
           ANNUAL REPORT 2021



                a sinochem company
                       People Clustered by City
                      Industry Promoted by City




                                             CITY
                                                        High Quality
                                                      Good Environment
                                                        Sound Facilities
                                                          Strong Vitality
 Lead

                                                           Attract
  Boost



INDUSTRY                                            PEOPLE
   Leading Technology                                  High Caliber
     Active Innovation                        Extensive Knowledge
     Intensive Knowledge                            Broad Vision
      Frequent Collaboration                      High Demand




                               Drive
Contents
2     Company Overview
4     Major Events
6     Corporate Information
7     Financial Highlights
8     Chairman’s Statement
14    Honours and Awards
16    Management Discussion and Analysis
81    Investor Relations
84    Sustainable Development
103   Profile of Directors and Senior Management
112   Corporate Governance Report
130   Report of the Directors
165   Independent Auditor’s Report
172   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
173   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
174   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
176   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
178   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
181   Notes to Financial Statements
316   Five-Year Financial Information
    Company Overview


    China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited (“China Jinmao” or the “Company”) is a platform enterprise under the city
    operation segment of Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. (“Sinochem Holdings”), a Fortune Global 500 company. On
    17 August 2007, China Jinmao was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter
    referred to as the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (Stock Code: HK.00817). It is now one of the component stocks of the
    Hong Kong Hang Seng Composite Index. Sinochem Holdings is formed through the restructuring of Sinochem Group
    Co., Ltd.（“Sinochem Group”）and China National Chemical Corporation Ltd. (“ChemChina”). With businesses covering
    the eight major areas of life sciences, materials science, petrochemicals, environmental science, rubber and tire,
    machinery and equipment, city operation and industrial finance, it is the world’s largest comprehensive petrochemicals
    enterprise. In terms of city operation, Sinochem Holdings is one of the state-owned enterprises that is approved by the
    SASAC of the State Council to engage in property development and hotel operations as one of its principal businesses.

    In adherence to the vision of “Unleashing Future Vitality of the City”, China Jinmao holds on to the direction of high-
    end positioning and premium quality and endeavours to become a leading city operator in China by capitalising on the
    quality leadership-oriented “two-wheel and two-wing driven” development strategy with focus on the model of “two-driven
    and two-upgrade” city operations. Based on its foresight on city potentials, China Jinmao integrates the world’s leading
    premium resources and introduces the concept of mutually beneficial city planning to achieve overall enhancement in
    regional functions and city vitality. Currently, China Jinmao has succeeded in entering China’s rapidly developing regions
    including the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Metropolitan Region, the Yangtze River Delta Region and the Pearl River Delta Region.
    The Company holds more than 330 projects in 53 core cities including Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai and Guangzhou.

    Capitalising on the synergies and integration strengths between the segments, China Jinmao has created a series of
    high-end products featuring “Jinmao” brand. The “smart technology and green health” has become a unique quality
    gene and inherent brand feature of “Jinmao” series products and redefined high-end quality in the industry.




          CITY                                                   HOTEL                                     TECHNOLOGY
       OPERATIONS                                              OPERATIONS          COMMERCIAL              AND SERVICES
                                     PROPERTY                                        LEASING
                                   DEVELOPMENT                                      AND RETAIL
                                                                                   OPERATIONS



    ADHERING TO THE STRATEGIC                                       Capital-driven
                                                                    Leverage on the Company’s funding and credit
    POSITIONING OF “CITY OPERATOR”                                  advantages and capitalise on the role of Jinmao Capital
    AND PROMOTING THE “TWO-WHEEL                                    Holdings Limited (“JM Capital”) in expanding funding
                                                                    channels and facilitating industry implementation as
    AND TWO-WING DRIVEN” STRATEGY                                   part of its capital-driven regional development efforts to
                                                                    achieve production led by investment.
    UPGRADE
    The Company will continue to utilise its experience in city     Industry upgrade
    operations, hold on to planning-driven as traction and          Focus on the three major industries namely big culture,
    capital-driven as cornerstone to drive city upgrade and         big healthcare and big technology while capitalising
    industry upgrade, and work with governments to shape a          on its leading force of Beijing Jinmao Green Building
    new city core through the principle of “In City We Gather       Technology Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Green Building”) in science
    People and Boost Business”.                                     and technology industry, and drive industry upgrade of
    While continuously deepening its city operation model,          cities via industry cooperation and incubation.
    the Company will continue to improve the operational
    efficiency of developing and holding its core businesses,       City upgrade
    and upgrade the connotation of “two-wing” to                    Leverage on the Company’s accumulated product
    “technology + services”. The Company will focus on the          strengths and brand influence in areas of quality
    “technology leading” and “services innovating” areas in         residence, high-end hotel, premium retail and 5A office
    the short term to promote the development of its various        building to drive consumption upgrade and functional
    businesses. In the future, these two areas will be gradually    upgrade of cities.
    solidified into the Company’s technology segment and
    services segment to build its core competitiveness in the
    industry.                                                       IN SCIENCE WE TRUST WITH
    Planning-driven
                                                                    FOCUS ON INNOVATION-DRIVEN
    Actively capitalise on the Company’s professional               TRANSFORMATION
    expertise in planning to achieve function diversification,      The Company will continue to follow the principle of “In
    high-end oriented industry and city internationalisation        Science We Trust”, with the focus on the core line of
    based on integrated, systematic, forward-looking and            “digit • technology”, and cultivate new pillar businesses
    scientific planning.                                            to transform itself into an innovative enterprise driven by
                                                                    science and technology.
    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2
                                                      Company Overview




CITY OPERATIONS AND PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT
                                         During the Year, sales results of the projects
                CONTRACTED               were good, contracted sales amount
                SALES AMOUNT             increased by 2% year-on-year, and land
                (RMB million)            reserves were expanded with the successful
                                         acquisitions in Shanghai, Beijing, Suzhou,
                2021                     Ningbo, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Zhengzhou,

                235,603                  Wuxi, Xiamen, Qingdao, Xi’an, Shaoxing,
                                         Nanchang, Jinhua, Changsha, Quzhou,
                                         Chongqing, Taizhou and Yancheng.
                2020

                231,100


COMMERCIAL LEASING AND RETAIL OPERATIONS
                                         Twelve major investment properties with an
                RENTAL                   area of approximately 0.80 million square
                REVENUE                  metres. Both the rental level and occupancy
                (RMB million)            rate of the Group’s investment properties
                                         outperformed its peers.
                2021

                1,563.3
                2020

                1,461.4


HOTEL OPERATIONS
                                         Ten luxury hotels offering 3,968 guest rooms
                HOTEL
                REVENUE                  During the Year, the tourism and hospitality
                (RMB million)            industry continued to be affected by the
                                         COVID-19 pandemic. In the second half of
                                         the year, the industry experienced another
                2021
                                         downturn. In the face of the continuously
                1,638.1                  challenging market environment, the hotel
                                         operations segment adhered to high-end
                                         positioning and focused on deep cultivation
                                         of products, features and services to further
                2020
                                         consolidate its leading position in the
                1,257.8                  market.




                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                           3
    Major Events


                                                               JANUARY 2021
                                                                The Company and the Jinhua Jinyi New District Government
                                                                held the signing ceremony for the Jinhua Dongmei Industry-
                                                                City Integration Project and the urban forum titled “Meet in the
                                                                Future • Jinhua in its Prime”
                                                                The Company and the government of Zhangjiagang High-tech
                                                                Industrial Development Zone held the signing ceremony for the
                                                                strategic cooperation agreement of Zhangjiagang Smart Science
                                                                City (Phase II)
                                                                The Company acquired the land parcel no. B2020-75 in the core
                                                                section of Jiashan County, Jiaxing




                                                               MARCH 2021
                                                                The Company acquired the land parcel no. 65 in Ningnan Trade
                                                                and Logistics Zone, Fenghua District, Ningbo
                                                                The Company acquired the land parcel no. XDG-2020-70 in Binhu
                                                                District, Wuxi




                                                               APRIL 2021
                                                                The Company was invited to attend the 2021 China Urban Renewal
                                                                Innovation and Development Summit
                                                                The Company and Taicang Loujiang New Town entered into a
                                                                strategic cooperation agreement
                                                                The Company acquired the land parcels in the east of North
                                                                Street and north of Litai Road, High-speed Railway New City,
                                                                Xiangcheng District, Suzhou




                                                               MAY 2021
                                                                The Company and the Tangshan Municipal Government entered
                                                                into a strategic cooperation framework agreement
                                                                The Company and Chengdu City Construction Investment &
                                                                Management Group Co., Ltd. entered into a strategic cooperation
                                                                agreement
                                                                The Company acquired the land parcels nos. 15-1/21-5 in
                                                                Changxindian Town, Fengtai District, Beijing




                                                               JUNE 2021
                                                                The Company and Wuhan Urban Construction Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                entered into a strategic cooperation agreement
                                                                The Company held the 2021 centralised project commencement
                                                                ceremony of the Jinhua Dongmei Future Science City
                                                                The Company acquired the land parcel no. 2021-9 in Jingkai
                                                                District, Zhengzhou
                                                                The Company acquired the land parcel no. 2021XP02 in Xiang’an
                                                                District, Xiamen




    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
4
                                       Major Events




AUGUST 2021
 The Company and the Langfang Municipal Government entered
 into a strategic cooperation agreement
 The Company and Beijing University of Posts and
 Telecommunications held the inauguration ceremony for the joint
 laboratory for millimetre wave intelligent sensor technology
 The Company held the opening ceremony for Jinmao Yuexiu •
 Changsha Yuhua Jinmao Smart Science City Project




SEPTEMBER 2021
 The Company attended the 2021 China Real Estate Brand Value
 Research Release Conference cum 18th China Real Estate Brand
 Development Summit Forum
 The Company and the Nanjing Xinyao New City Management
 Committee held the signing ceremony for the strategic
 cooperation on urban property services
 The Company acquired the land parcel no. Jin Dong Li Sha (Gua)
 2021-29 in Tianjin




OCTOBER 2021
 The Company participated in the 4th World Voice Expo and 2021
 iFLYTEK Global 1024 Developer Festival, and entered into a strategic
 agreement to deepen cooperation with iFLYTEK
 The Company and the Huzhou South Taihu New District
 Government held the signing ceremony for the South Taihu
 Jinmao Industry-City Integration Project
 The Company participated in Huawei’s 2021 China Real Estate
 Industry Digitalization Summit, and joined hands with Huawei to
 launch PropTech Link, a real estate - technology alliance




NOVEMBER 2021
 The Company and China Baowu Steel Group Corporation
 Limited held the signing ceremony for the strategic cooperation
 framework agreement
 The Company acquired the land parcels nos. 07-01/08-06 in
 Hengmian Town, West Area of Shanghai International Tourism
 Resort, Pudong New Area, Shanghai
 The Company attended the 2021 Asia Pacific Hotel and Real
 Estate Cooperation Forum




DECEMBER 2021
 The Company and the Langfang Anci District Government held
 the signing ceremony for the cooperation agreement on the Mall
 of Splendor commercial complex project
 The Company held the Carbon Neutral Conference and Oriental
 Eden Sustainable Development Forum in Qingdao
 The Company acquired the land parcel no. 2021-65 in Huxin
 District, Huzhou
 The Company acquired the land parcel no. MC00-0605-001/003 in
 Yongding Town, Mentougou District, Beijing



     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                   5
    Corporate Information


    COMPANY NAME                                               AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited                        Mr. LI Congrui
                                                               Mr. JIANG Nan
    PRINCIPAL OFFICE
    Rooms 4702-4703
                                                               LEGAL ADVISORS
    47th Floor, Office Tower, Convention Plaza                 Latham & Watkins LLP
    No. 1 Harbour Road                                         18/F, One Exchange Square
    Wan Chai, Hong Kong                                        8 Connaught Place
                                                               Central, Hong Kong
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                               Tian Yuan Law Firm
    Mr. NING Gaoning (Chairman)
                                                               10/F, CPIC PLAZA
    Mr. YANG Lin
                                                               28 Fengsheng Lane, Xicheng District
    Mr. AN Hongjun
                                                               Beijing, People’s Republic of China
    Mr. CHENG Yong
    Mr. LIU Pengpeng
                                                               AUDITOR
    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                        Ernst & Young
                                                               Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. LI Congrui (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                               Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. JIANG Nan (Chief Financial Officer)
                                                               27/F, One Taikoo Place
    Mr. SONG Liuyi (Senior Vice President)
                                                               979 King’s Road
                                                               Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
    DIRECTORS
                                                               STOCK CODE
    Mr. SU Xijia
                                                               00817
    Mr. SUEN Man Tak
    Mr. GAO Shibin
    Mr. ZHONG Wei
                                                               SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
                                                               OFFICE
    CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                               Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
    Mr. JIANG Nan
                                                               Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
                                                               Wanchai, Hong Kong
    QUALIFIED ACCOUNTANT
    Mr. LIAO Chi Chiun                                         INVESTOR ENQUIRY
                                                               E-mail: chinajinmao_IR@sinochem.com
    COMPANY SECRETARY
    Mr. LIAO Chi Chiun                                         WEBSITE
                                                               www. chinajinmao.cn




    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
6
Financial Highlights


                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                      2021                     2020                 change
                                                             (RMB million)          (RMB million)                        (%)

 Revenue                                                          90,059.9               60,053.9                         50
 Gross profit                                                     16,757.6               12,114.4                         38


 Profit attributable to owners of the parent                       4,689.9                 3,881.0                        21


 Less: fair value losses/gains on investment
   properties (net of deferred tax)                                  -136.8                   651.5                     -121
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent –
   excluding fair value losses/gains on investment
   properties (net of deferred tax)                                 4,826.7                 3,229.5                       49


 Add: impairment effect of properties under
   development and properties held for sale                           921.5                 3,833.7                      -76
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent –
   excluding fair value losses/gains on investment
   properties (net of deferred tax), and
   excluding the factor of impairment of properties                 5,748.2                 7,063.2                      -19


 Total assets                                                   412,002.3              387,756.2                           6
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent                      49,961.3               46,762.1                          7


 Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                36.95                   31.86                        16
 Basic earnings per share – excluding fair value
   losses/gains on investment properties
   (net of deferred tax) (RMB cents)                                  38.03                   26.51                       43


 Dividend (HK cents) (Note 1)
 – final and interim dividend per share                                  12                       26                     -54


 Net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio (%) (Note 2)                         58                       41                    N/A


Note 1: Interim dividend of HK12 cents per share and final dividend of HK0 cents per share (totalling HK12 cents per
        share) for 2021. Interim dividend of HK12 cents per share and final dividend of HK14 cents per share (totalling
        HK26 cents per share) for 2020.

Note 2: Net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio = (interest-bearing bank and other borrowings – cash and cash equivalents
        – restricted bank balances – certain other financial assets)/(total equity + the Company’s amounts due to the
        immediate holding company)




                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  7
    Chairman’s Statement


                                                               Under the new situation, China
                                                               Jinmao will fully implement
                                                               the concept of “insisting on
                                                               city operation and insisting
                                                               on In Science We Trust”,
                                                               continuously improving its lean
                                                               management capabilities and
                                                               consolidating the foundation of
                                                               the Company’s development
                                                               by focusing on the working
                                                               approach of ”three reductions,
                                                               one improvement, one
                                                               acceleration”.
                                                                          Chairman
                                                                          NING Gaoning




    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
8
                                                                                      Chairman’s Statement




Dear Shareholders,                                          In 2021, the steady development of the
                                                            Company was attributable to the adherence
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”)           to its development strategies. Upholding the
of China Jinmao, I am pleased to present the                development concept of “ insisting on city
annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries          operation and insisting on In Science We Trust”,
(the “Group”, “we” or “us”) for the year ended 31           the Company continued to strengthen its
December 2021 (the “Period under Review”, the               organizational construction, improve its operation
“Reporting Period”, “2021” or the “Year”) for your
                                                            and management capabilities, and continuously
review.                                                     fortify the development foundation, thereby
                                                            consolidating its first tier team position in the
In 2021, the global pandemic persisted and there            industry in terms of comprehensive strength.
was insufficient momentum for a global economic
recovery. China’s economic development was under            The Company adhered to the strategic positioning
threefold pressure of shrinking demand, supply              as a city operator and continued to strengthen
shock and expected weakening. The domestic and              the upgrading of business model. It continued
international environment was complex and severe.           to deepen the connotation of city operation
The central government adhered to the keynote of            strategies, explore the innovation of win-win
“housing without speculation” without hesitation.
                                                            model of government-enterprise cooperation, and
Affected by the continuous effect of financial and          support city upgrading and industrial upgrading
market supervision and the frequent maturity of             driven by capital and planning. The Company
bonds, the debt crisis of certain real estate enterprises   implemented the requirements of “Two Supports
continued to develop, and the real estate industry          and Two Synchronisations”, and continued to build
showed a situation of “high opening before going            its IP benchmark projects of science cities: Qingdao
down”. In the first half of the Year, the real estate       China-Europe International City launched its first
market was relatively active with rapidly increasing        self-operated industrial park, Qingdao China-
sales area. However, in the second half of the Year,        Europe Science and Technology Innovation Park,
the industry situation worsened abruptly, and the           which introduced a new generation of information
transaction volume and price gradually bottomed             technology, artificial intelligence + high-end
out. Some high-debt real estate enterprises crashed,        equipment manufacturing industry cluster, with an
aborted land sales and withdrawal of listing-for-sale       overall occupancy rate of nearly 90%, bringing new
occurred frequently, people’s demand for housing has        impetus to the industrial development of Qingdao
weakened, and the industry was stepping into a cold         High-tech Zone; the construction of the 65,000
winter. In the face of the severe industry situation,       sq.m. central park in Ningbo Life Science City was
China Jinmao, with cash flow safety as the bottom           completed, Ningbo Experimental School affiliated
line, insisted on fast collection and slow payment,         to Shanghai Normal University was opened, the
strictly controlled the scale of debt, and maintained       construction of the Fengsheng International Medical
the green barrier of the “three red lines”. At the same     Complex commenced, while the hotel and commercial
time, the Company overcame difficulties and achieved        facilities and industrial resources were implemented
a record high sales results against the trend. The          in an orderly manner, winning the honour of “Major
annual contracted sales amount reached RMB235.6             Contribution Award for Economic Development”
billion, consolidating its position in the industry         in Fenghua District, Ningbo; Sanya Nanfan Science
as a TOP15. During the Reporting Period, profit             and Technology City attracted 88 science and
attributable to owners of the parent amounted to            technology enterprises, helping “Nanfan Silicon
RMB4,690 million, representing a year-on-year increase      Valley” create a national innovation highland for
of 21%. If excluding fair value losses on investment        the seed industry in China, and contributing to the
properties (net of deferred tax), profit attributable to    industrial restructuring of Hainan; Wuhan Fangdao
owners of the parent amounted to RMB4,827 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 49%.

                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               9
     Chairman’s Statement




     Smart Science City commenced the construction of           quality and efficiency improvement, the Company
     Wuhan’s first renewable water source heat pump             further deepened lean management, implemented
     energy station, and launched the top-level design          coordinated work such as design standardisation,
     of smart city and carbon neutrality plan, obtaining        precise cost allocation, more scientific contractor
     the WELL community international certification. In         management, and improvement of customer
     the meantime, the Company actively implemented             satisfaction, with a view to establishing a suitable
     national strategies such as the Yangtze River Economic     management scale system to support the realisation
     Belt and the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Metropolitan            of project profits. By maintaining the “following”
     Region. In 2021, the Company deployed 6 city               strategy for holding businesses, the Company
     operation projects in Shanghai, Changsha, Nanchang,        continued to focus on asset-light transformation.
     Guiyang, Huzhou and Langfang, bringing the total           The Company’s hotel, commercial building and
     number of city operation projects to 33. With its solid    office building businesses adhered to the strategy
     experience and continuous innovation in the field          of following city operations, and acquired holding
     of city operations, the Company has been widely            resources in an orderly manner. The Company actively
     recognised by the government, industrial partners          promoted the creation of commercial IPs. During
     and the public. It has won the annual award of the         the Year, it acquired 2 new Mall of Splendor projects
     China Industrial Park Conference for three consecutive     and achieved higher growth in commercial operating
     years, and was awarded the title of “Innovative City       results as compared with that in 2019 before the
     Operator” in 2021. Through the implementation of           pandemic. The performance of Changsha Jinmao Mall
     the “two-wheel and two-wing driven” strategy,              of Splendor and Qingdao Jinmao Harbour reached
     the Company has built a solid business foundation          new highs since their opening, and the operating
     for city operations, with development business             quality of projects in operation continued to improve.
     focusing on “profit-orientation” and taking multiple       The Company has mature and comprehensive asset
     measures to improve profitability. Firstly, adhering       management capabilities for the entire life cycle of
     to the principle of prioritising quality over quantity     high-end hotel design, development and operation.
     and strictly following its investment disciplines, the     The overall positive evaluation rate of 11 high-end
     Company’s land acquisition premium rate for the Year       hotels under the Company reached 90.4%, ranking
     was significantly lower than the industry average of       first in the market. At the same time, the Company
     the TOP15. At the same time, the Company seized            announced five self-owned hotel brands, and signed
     the window period of the land market in the second         12 new asset-light projects during the Year, firmly
     half of the Year and acquired a number of high-quality     transforming towards asset-light management of high-
     land parcels in Beijing, Xi’an, Chongqing, Chengdu         end hotels. The two-wing business coordinated
     and other cities, achieving strategic replenishment        with the city operation strategies to actively
     and laying a solid foundation for the growth of results    enhance its market-oriented competitiveness. The
     and profits. Secondly, adhering to deep cultivation of     Company’s property service business completed spin-
     cities, the Company always focused on first-tier and       off and was successfully listed on the Hong Kong
     second-tier cities with higher development potential,      Stock Exchange in March 2022. Covering the areas
     and concentrated its advantageous resources and            of community properties, commercial properties and
     teams to create benchmark projects. During the Year,       city properties, the business has signed contracts
     the contracted sales amount of 9 cities exceeded           for three city property projects with a management
     RMB10 billion, of which the contracted sales amount        area of 81 sq.km., providing integrated city service
     of 2 cities exceeded RMB20 billion, and 4 projects         solutions for the government. The capital business
     were the sales champion in their respective cities,        connected with city operation business scenarios to
     consolidating the Company’s brand influence                incubate technology companies such as WenAn AI
     and product premium ability. Thirdly, adhering to          and XKool, building a pan-real estate technology




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
10
                                                                                        Chairman’s Statement




industry ecosystem to achieve two-way business            experience of comprehensive energy services for
empowerment. The education business actively              18 cities and nearly 40 Jinmao Palaces, and obtained
responded to market changes, explored the direction       energy management system certification as well
of light-asset education technology, and promoted         as the 5A clean heat supply industry certification.
the construction of a 5G-empowered high-quality           In the future, the Company will focus on the high-
education system, rated by the Ministry of Industry and   q u a lit y cle a n h e a t s u p p ly pr o je ct s in n o r t h er n
Information Technology and the Ministry of Education      China, continue to enhance the layout of smart
as a “5G + Smart Education” application pilot project.    energy, actively create the characteristics of green
In the meantime, the Company integrated multi-            cities, and empower the sustainable and advanced
dimensional scenario technology capabilities such as      development of cities, with a view to helping promote
digital marketing, smart home and smart community,        the implementation of the national “dual-carbon”
incubated and established Jinmao Cloud Company            strategy. The technological innovation system has
to explore the AIoT track and promote the intelligent     been deepened and improved. In cooperation with
layout of full-scenario city operations.                  Huawei and other industry partners, the Company
                                                          officially launched PropTech Link, a real estate
Guided by the concept of “In Science We Trust”,           technology alliance, the objectives of which are
the Company strives to build a real estate company        to build a network-based organisation in the real
with the most advanced technologies. Focusing             estate technology field, and promote cutting-edge
on the core main line of “Digital • Technology”           technology exploration and sharing of innovative
for its main business of real estate, the Company         solutions. Based in Beijing and Shanghai, Jinmao’s
has strengthened technology empowerment and               J-SPEED innovation platform brought together more
green and low-carbon development. The vertical            than 200 outstanding ecological partners to build an
focus is on in-depth real estate and technology           open innovation ecosystem through connecting real
development. The Company self-developed                   estate and technology enterprises. The Company
the “Smart Home Construction (智建居)” project               has a total of 5 national high-tech enterprises and
management digital platform, so as to promote the         185 new patent applications have been made during
pilot application of real-time measurement robots and     the Year. The cultural atmosphere of “everyone
exterior wall painting robots and achieve construction    participating in innovation every day and in every
visualisation and smart construction sites, thereby       aspect” has gradually taken shape, further improving
improving project management capabilities and             the technological contents and technical barriers of
construction efficiency through technology. The           the Company’s products and services.
Company continued to enhance the technological
attributes of property services by building a variety     Organisational construction has been strengthened
of smart community application scenarios such as          continuously to keep improving operational
security, parking and billing, providing property         efficiency. Based on the principle of “making the
owners with a safe, convenient and comfortable living     headquarters more refined, regions more specialised,
environment. The self-developed smart community           cities more powerful”, the Company optimised the
solutions have won three awards from the Ministry         organisational system at all levels by integrating 15
of Housing and Urban-Rural Development. The               functional departments of the headquarters into
horizontal focus is on the “ dual carbon” goal and        12 service centres, continuously streamlining the
the new track of city operations. Firmly grasping         headcounts of regional platforms to strengthen
the trend of carbon neutrality, the Company took          the allocation of core teams in cities. Categorised
the supporting energy services for city operations        authorisation has been promoted to continuously
as the starting point, and deployed the direction for     improve the organisational operation and decision-
the new track of clean energy. It has accumulated         making efficiency. As a result, the area under




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  11
     Chairman’s Statement




     construction and the contracted amount per capita          and control by continuing to upgrade safety
     continued to rise. The Company has continued               management requirements and comprehensively
     to strengthen the accountability of operations,            promoting the 100-day safety improvement campaign.
     issued and implemented a series of evaluation and          Throughout the Year, the Company achieved the
     management mechanisms such as the rating of project        “four zeros” target of HSE management, i.e. zero
     managers and the general evaluation of cities, the         fatal incident, zero environmental pollution incident,
     objectives of which are to clarify the responsibilities    zero new case of occupational disease and zero major
     of investing and operating entities and promote            HSE negative public opinion, ensuring a stable and
     the matching of personnel and positions, forming a         orderly safety situation. In terms of social welfare, the
     closed loop of investment and operation integration        Company made full use of its own resources and gave
     and management responsibility, thereby ensuring the        full play to its professional advantages by donating
     achievement of operational objectives at all stages        assistance funds and helping the sales of agricultural
     of projects. The Company has been adhering to              products in Aru Horqin Banner, Linxi and other areas,
     the high-performance orientation, continuously             and organising “Dream Fulfilment Campaign (圓夢
     optimised and improved the co-investment                   行動)” to raise donations from employees and help
     mechanism, and enhanced the effect of co-investment        the areas consolidate and expand the achievements
     incentives, so as to promote the self-motivation           of poverty alleviation, orderly aligning with the rural
     of employees and stimulate their enthusiasm for            revitalisation strategy. Adhering to the concept of
     entrepreneurship. By doing so, the operational quality     “Dual Support for Intelligence and Ambition”, the
     of projects has been improved, which is conducive to       Company continued to promote the construction
     the achievement of the Company’s results.                  of Dream Building Public Welfare Libraries and set
                                                                up special education and medical assistance funds,
     As a state-owned enterprise and a listed company,          donating public welfare libraries and schools as well as
     China Jinmao also attaches great importance to             providing assistance in building schools and medical
     and actively fulfills its social responsibilities. The     institutions in Tibet, Qinghai, Guizhou and other
     Company adheres to sustainable development                 places, which received good social response. In terms
     and continuously improves its ESG management               of brand management, in 2021, the brand value of
     capabilities. The Company has long adhered to the          “Jinmao” reached RMB42,139 million, representing a
     concept of sustainable development by continuously         year-on-year increase of 19%. The brand ranked 179th
     improving its ESG management capabilities in three         in the “Top 500 Chinese Brands”, and the brand value
     aspects, namely environment, society and corporate         has been increasing for 17 consecutive years.
     governance. As a result, its brand image has been
     constantly improving. In terms of green strategies, the    Looking ahead, the COVID-19 pandemic is still
     Company has invested in, constructed and operated          spreading, and the external environment is becoming
     75 energy station projects, with an estimated total        more complex, severe and uncertain. The risks
     energy supply area of over 40 million sq.m. and an         a n d c h a l l e n g e s f a c e d b y C h i n a’ s d e v e l o p m e n t
     annual carbon emission reduction of over 380,000           have increased significantly. The pandemic is still
     tonnes, equivalent to planting more than 21 million        suppressing consumer demand, and investment in
     trees. Moreover, the Company has obtained a total          some fields has yet to bottom out. In the meantime,
     of 262 green building labels and certifications, and it    medium and long-term challenges such as potential
     was ranked No.1 among the most competitive green           slowdown in economic growth, slowdown in
     property developers in China for four consecutive          population growth and low-carbon transformation
     years. In terms of HSE management, the Company has         cannot be ignored. However, we will go through the
     adhered to the normalisation of pandemic prevention        long and arduous journey with determination and




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
12
                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




perseverance. China’s economic fundamentals remain      on the working approach of “three reductions, one
resilient, promising and positive in the long run.      improvement, one acceleration”.
New urbanisation will continue, and the demand for
urban renewal will keep emerging. Carbon neutrality     Working together to seek for development, we
and digitalisation will bring new opportunities for     overcome difficulties amid hardship in the cold winter.
the development of the industry. With the in-depth      Although the new journey is full of difficulties, our
adjustment of the market, the pace of survival of       future is still bright. All employees of China Jinmao
the fittest in the industry is accelerating, so that    will continue to maintain strategic determination
quality real estate enterprises that have withstood     and patience, forge ahead with perseverance and
the test will enjoy more opportunities. Under the       overcome difficulties with a forward-looking attitude,
new situation, China Jinmao will fully implement the    maximising value for all shareholders with even more
concept of “insisting on city operation and insisting   remarkable results. On behalf of the Board, I would like
on In Science We Trust”, continuously improving its     to express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders,
lean management capabilities and consolidating the      customers, business partners of the Company and
foundation of the Company’s development by focusing     various sectors of the community.




                                                        NING Gaoning
                                                        Chairman

                                                        Hong Kong
                                                        29 March 2022




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            13
     Honours and Awards




     MAJOR INTEGRATED AWARDS                                    MAJOR CITY OPERATIONS AND
         In April, China Jinmao won the title of the 18th       PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AWARDS
         (2021) Top 100 Blue Chip Enterprises at the 2021        In January, Jinmao Ningbo Life Science City Project
         China Blue Chip Real Estate Developer Annual            won the outstanding operator award of the “2020
         Conference organised by Economic Observer for           Top 100 Future Healthcare Companies • Innovative
         the 11th consecutive year.                              Healthcare Industry Parks” at the 2020 China
                                                                 Regional Healthcare Industry Innovation Forum.
         In June, China Jinmao won the title of the “2021
         (18th) China’s 500 Most Valuable Brands” at the         In March, Wenzhou Jinmao Palace, Qingdao
         World Brand Lab selections.                             Eden and Qingdao China-Europe International
                                                                 City obtained the “China-UK International Green
         In July, China Jinmao won the “2021 China Top           Building Dual Certification of the Year”, “BREEAM
         100 Real Estate Enterprises by Brand Value” at the      Innovative Award of the Year” and “Your BREEAM
         2021 China Real Estate Branding Ceremony jointly        Award”, respectively.
         organised by creb.com and Zhong Fang Think
         Tank.                                                   In May, Beijing Jinmao Palace Smart Community
                                                                 won the second prize in the category of Standard
         In November, China Jinmao was honoured with the         Application Practice at the 2021 “Jinbiao Bei”
         “2021 City Operation Benchmark Enterprise” by           Green Smart Community Innovation Awards.
         cnr.cn.
                                                                 In September, Jinmao • Chennanli Project won the
         In November, China Jinmao won the title of the          2021 UK BALI National Landscape Award by the
         “2021 CIOC China Top 10 Real Estate Developers          British Association of Landscape Industries (BALI).
         by Digitalisation” with its technology innovation
         empowering future development.                          In October, Nanchang Gemdale Jinmao • Jiufeng
                                                                 Palace won the New York Design Commercial
         In December, China Jinmao won the “Golden               Project Award.
         Jubilee Award – 2021 Outstanding Innovation
         Model Enterprise” at the 4th Capital Markets
         Summit jointly organised by Biaodian Finance and
         Economics Research Institute and zmoney.cn.

         In December, China Jinmao won the titles of the
         “ESG Leading Model Enterprise in the Real Estate
         Industry” and the “Top 10 Model Listed Real Estate
         Companies by Operation Capabilities” at the
         19th Finance Honours List – Real Estate Industry
         Selections.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
14
                                                                                       Honours and Awards




HOTEL AWARDS                                           In May, Nanjing Jinmao Mall of Splendor and
                                                       Qingdao Jinmao Mall of Splendor were awarded
 In March, Meixi Lake Hotel, A Luxury Collection       the “Nova Award” and the “Best Model Award”
 Hotel, Changsha was awarded the “2021 CHA China       respectively at the 8th China (Shanghai) Shopping
 Hotel Awards – Best City Resort Hotel of the Year”.   Centre Development Summit Forum.

 In April, Jinmao Hotel was awarded the title of the   In June, at the 2021 Property Service Summit
 “2021 Best Hotel Owner in China” at the 2021 AHF      organised by E-House CRIC, Jinmao Property was
 Asia Hotel and Tourism Forum Annual Conference        awarded the “2021 No.1 High-end Property Service
 and the 16th China Hotel Starlight Awards.            Enterprise” and the “2021 Leading Property
                                                       Service Satisfaction Enterprise”.
 In November, Jinmao Hotel was awarded the
 “Excellent Hotel Management Group of the Year”        In June, JM Capital was named among the
 at the 2021 City Travel Hotel Award Ceremony          “2020-2021 China’s Top 10 Best Real Estate
 organised by City Travel magazine.                    T e c h n o l o g y I n v e s t m e n t I n s t i t u t i o n s” a t t h e
                                                       2021 Real Estate Gravition & Innovation Summit
 In November, Grand Hyatt Shanghai was honoured        organised by China Real Estate Association.
 with the title among the first batch of “Shanghai
 Art Hotels”.                                          In August, the construction project ancillary to
                                                       Universal Studios Beijing undertaken by Shanghai
                                                       Jinmao Construction & Decoration Company
OTHER AWARDS                                           Limited (“Jinmao Decoration”) was awarded the
                                                       “2020-2021 Building Great Wall Cup Gold Award”
 In March, Jinmao Green Building was awarded the       by Beijing Quality Engineering Review Committee.
 “2020 PV Building Innovation Award” at the 4th
 China BIPV Conference.                                In September, at the 2021 China Real Estate Brand
                                                       Value’s Latest Research Results Conference cum
 In April, at the 2021 China Top 100 Real Estate       the 18th China Real Estate Brand Development
 Services’ Latest Research Results Conference          Summit Forum organised by the China Enterprise
 cum the 14th China Top 100 Real Estate Service        Evaluation Association, the Hang Lung Center for
 Entrepreneur Summit organised by the China            Real Estate Tsinghua University and Beijing China
 Index Academy and the China Property Service          Index Academy, Jinmao Property was awarded the
 Price Index System, Sinochem Jinmao Property          “2021 Leading Brand in Professional Operation of
 Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao               Property Services in China”.
 Property”) was honoured with the “2021 China Top
 20 Property Service Companies”.                       In December, Jinmao Decoration was granted the
                                                       “Science and Technology Award of the Building
 In May, JM Capital was among the “Top 10 Best         Decoration Industry” by China Building Decoration
 Investment Institutions in China’s Real Estate        Association.
 Industry” released by CVInfo.



                                                               CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                    15
     Management Discussion
      and Analysis | General Overview




                                                                  Zhangjiakou

                                                                  Beijing
                                                            Baoding
                                                                            Tianjin
                                                                 Langfang
                                             Taiyuan                              Yantai
                                                    Shijiazhuang                         Weihai
                                                                    Jinan      Weifang
                                                                         Qingdao
                                 Xi’an          Zhengzhou            Kaifeng
                                                                            Xuzhou
                                                                                     Taizhou (泰州)
                                                                         Nanjing
                                                                        Changzhou      Nantong
                                                             Hefei
                                                                                      Wuxi
                                                                                Suzhou      Shanghai
                                                                        Huzhou            Jiaxing
                Chengdu                            Wuhan               Hangzhou
                                                         Nanchang                            Ningbo
                                     Chongqing                            Shaoxing
                                              Yueyang                    Jinhua              Taizhou (台州)
                                                                      Quzhou
                                                      Changsha                 Wenzhou
          Lijiang                                               Zhuzhou
                        Guiyang
                                                                                   Fuzhou
                    Kunming                                                     Quanzhou
                                                                Guangzhou        Xiamen

                                                            Foshan       Dongguan
                                                                                   Shantou
                                                                            Shenzhen
                                                                Zhuhai




                                                       Sanya




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
16
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis | General Overview




The Group holds 334 projects of city operations, property development, commercial leasing and retail operations
and hotel operations, with an area yet to be delivered of approximately 93.23 million square metres.

                                    Number of            Area yet to be                                               Number of        Area yet to be
                                 projects (Note 1)       delivered (Note 2)                                        projects (Note 1)   delivered (Note 2)

                 Baoding                        1                205,212                        Dongguan                          3             84,787

                 Beijing                      28              3,013,515                         Foshan                            6         1,516,464

                 Jinan                          8             1,618,545                         Fuzhou                            5         2,202,541

                 Langfang                       1                551,076                        Guangzhou                       10          2,087,673

                 Qingdao                      18              4,899,275                         Quanzhou                          1            331,684
                                                                              South China
   Bohai rim     Shijiazhuang                   1                148,926                        Sanya                             3            559,142

                 Tianjin                        8             1,119,893                         Xiamen                            3            430,572

                 Weihai                         1                168,125                        Shantou                           2            504,803

                 Weifang                        1                509,203                        Shenzhen                          3            168,477

                 Yantai                         2                690,713                        Zhuhai                            1            407,151

                 Zhangjiakou                    3                634,453
                                                                                                                      Number of        Area yet to be
                                                                                                                   projects (Note 1)   delivered (Note 2)
                                    Number of            Area yet to be
                                 projects (Note 1)       delivered (Note 2)                     Kaifeng                           1            179,930

                 Changzhou                      4             1,283,935                         Nanchang                        11         10,237,493

                 Hangzhou                       9             1,544,343                         Taiyuan                           2            561,608

                 Hefei                          5                275,736                        Wuhan                             9         4,733,625
                                                                              Central China
                 Huzhou                         3             1,291,075                         Yueyang                           1            648,539

                 Jiaxing                        8             2,066,060                         Changsha                        16         15,215,123

                 Jinhua                         4             2,465,001                         Zhengzhou                         6         3,118,242

                 Nanjing                      25              5,447,407                         Zhuzhou                           1            492,596

                 Nantong                        3                546,971

                 Ningbo                       16              4,059,165                                               Number of        Area yet to be
   East China                                                                                                     projects (Note 1)    delivered (Note 2)
                 Shanghai                     22              1,969,555
                                                                                                Chengdu                           5            580,472
                 Shaoxing                       1                278,001
                                                                                                Guiyang                           3            919,747
                 Suzhou                       10              2,739,329
                                                                                                Kunming                           3            990,023
                Taizhou (台州)                    5                746,320       West China
                                                                                                Lijiang                           4            218,154
                 Taizhou (泰州)                   1                611,499
                                                                                                Xi’an                             5            986,836
                 Wenzhou                      18              3,124,150
                                                                                                Chongqing                       10          1,855,895
                 Wuxi                           8             1,294,042
                                                                              Total                                            334         93,225,712
                 Xuzhou                         5                547,441

                 Quzhou                         1                345,169


Note 1: The number of projects covers city operations, property development, commercial leasing and retail operations, hotel
        operations

Note 2: The area yet to be delivered refers to the saleable/leasable gross floor area of each of such projects, less the area
        delivered, unit: m2



                                                                                         CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                            17
     Management Discussion and Analysis | General Overview




     In 2021, in the face of challenges such as the sporadic    declined by 3.9 percentage points year-on-year when
     yet repeated COVID-19 outbreaks in China, authorities      compared with the previous year, while area sold was
     in different regions earnestly implemented and             approximately 1.79 billion sq.m., representing a year-
     coordinated the decision-making and deployment of          on-year increase of 1.9%.
     pandemic prevention and control as well as economic
     and social development, while firmly implementing the      From the perspective of landscape of the real estate
     strategy of expanding domestic demand to maintain          market, top 100 real estate enterprises recorded a
     stable development of the national economy and             year-on-year decline of 3.5% in the cumulative sales
     effectively protect people’s basic livelihood. As a        operation scale in 2021, whereas the sales of sizable
     result, the level of urbanisation steadily improved. GDP   real estate enterprises experienced rare negative
     for the year, calculated based on comparable prices,       growth. While the overall performance of the top 100
     increased by 8.1% as compared with the previous year,      real estate enterprises was worse than that of last
     while income growth of national residents was basically    year, the differentiation among sizable real estate
     consistent with economic growth. The incremental           enterprises intensified. Leading real estate enterprises
     value created by large-scale industries across China       continued to grow steadily and maintained their scale
     grew by 9.6% when compared with the previous year,         advantages. The sales operation threshold amount
     while the growth rate of incremental value created by      of TOP10 real estate enterprises increased by 19.8%
     high-tech manufacturing industry was 8.6 percentage        year-on-year, whereas the sales operation threshold
     points above that of large-scale industries. Fixed asset   amount of TOP20 and TOP30 real estate enterprises
     investments grew by 4.9% when compared with the            also increased by 9.2% and 2.5%, respectively. At the
     previous year, and the growth rate of investment in        same time, in the face of the tightened financing trend
     high-tech industry was 12.2 percentage points above        in the industry, real estate enterprises focused more
     that of overall investments.                               on the development of main business and financial
                                                                security, instead of simply pursuing scale expansion
     From the perspective of the real estate market, in         and opted for seeking high-quality growth.
     2021, stringent real estate policies continued to be
     implemented, alongside with increasingly tightened         From the perspective of the hotel market, due to the
     financial regulation. City-specific policies were          continuous impact of the pandemic, the hotel market
     implemented in different regions to strengthen             showed significant fluctuations. In the first half of the
     supervision. The supply-side adjustment of the real        year, benefiting from the achievements of pandemic
     estate industry continued. Coupled with the multiple       prevention and control, the restrictive policies in
     effects of the implementation of policies of “three        various regions were weakened, as a result of which,
     red lines and four thresholds”, loan concentration         tourism demand began to rise, and the hotel market
     and “two centralised activities” for land supply, the      gradually recovered. In particular, the high-end and
     domestic real estate market continued to cool down.        resort hotel market recovered better. In the second
     Sales volume in the land market declined, lands            half of the year, the COVID-19 cases emerged in
     acquired by real estate development enterprises was        multiple locations as the pandemic continued. As a
     216 million sq.m., representing a substantial year-        result, the domestic travel control policies were again
     on-year decrease of 15.5%. Demand for purchase             tightened, hindering the pace of recovery of the entire
     of commodity housing increased, and the sales              industry. The pandemic continued toward the end of
     amount of commodity housing across the nation              the year and the overall recovery of the hospitality
     was approximately RMB18.2 trillion, representing           industry was under pressure and challenges.
     a year-on-year increase of 4.8%, a growth rate that




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
18
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis | General Overview




From the perspective of the commercial leasing            Life Science City Project won the outstanding operator
market, in 2021, driven by the 14th Five-Year Plan,       award of the “2020 Top 100 Future Healthcare
the vigorous development of the digital economy,          Companies • Innovative Healthcare Industry Parks”
highly specialised and advanced industries as well as     at the 2020 China Regional Healthcare Industry
modern service industries promoted the diversification    Innovation Forum. In March 2021, Wenzhou Jinmao
of market demand for commercial leasing, so that the      Palace, Qingdao Eden and Qingdao China-Europe
supply and demand returned to its equilibrium, and        International City obtained the “China-UK International
rental levels gradually stabilised. The net absorption    Green Building Dual Certification of the Year”,
of office buildings in Beijing reached a record high      “BREEAM Innovative Award of the Year” and “Your
throughout the year, with a general decline in vacancy    BREEAM Award”, respectively. In May 2021, Beijing
rate and a stable rental level. Rental levels of office   Jinmao Palace Smart Community won the second prize
buildings in Shanghai bottomed out and rebounded,         in the category of Standard Application Practice at the
alongside with declining vacancy rates. In terms of       2021 “Jinbiao Bei” Green Smart Community Innovation
the retail operations market, with the recovery of the    Awards. Xi’an Chang’an Jinmao Palace won the second
domestic consumer market, which drove the economic        prize in the category of Hardware Products at the 2021
growth in various regions, the occupancy rate of the      “Jinbiao Bei” Green Smart Community Innovation
retail operations segment in Changsha, Qingdao,           Awards. In October 2021, Jinmao’s Nanchang Zhenro
Shanghai and other regions increased steadily, and the    Jinmao Midea • Yunjing Project won the silver prize
rental levels increased year-on-year.                     in the category of International Architecture at
                                                          the 2021 New York Design Awards, and Nanchang
As to city operations and property development, newly     Gemdale Jinmao • Jiufeng Palace Project won the
launched projects recorded good sales throughout          Design Commercial Project Award. In December 2021,
the year, and total amount of contracted sales was        Nanjing Jiangbei New District Industrial Technology
approximately RMB235.6 billion. As at the end of the      Research and Innovation Park Project was awarded
Reporting Period, the amount of sales of properties       the title of “Star-rated Site of Construction Project
and land contracted by the Group but not yet              Standardisation in Jiangsu Province”.
delivered and settled was approximately RMB292.8
billion.                                                  In terms of hotel operations, in the face of the
                                                          continuously challenging market environment, Jinmao
Among the city operations and property development        Hotel built an innovation laboratory and formulated
projects, Jinhua Futian Jinmao Palace was launched        technological hotel proposals through technology
three times and achieved hot sales each time in March     empowerment, and promoted smart management,
2021, April 2021 and August 2021 respectively, ranking    energy conservation and innovation. It established a
second in terms of annual sales in Jinhua. Taizhou        digitalised platform of “light front office, large middle
Fengcheng Jinmao Palace achieved great success in         office and strong back office” to comprehensively
the first launch in June 2021 and was ranked No.1 in      improve the efficiency of hotel operations and
terms of annual sales of commodity residential units      management.
in Taizhou. Chengdu Wuhou Jinmao Palace Phase III
achieved hot sales in the first launch in August 2021,
ranking first in the Wuhou New City segment in terms
of sell-through rate. In January 2021, Jinmao Ningbo




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              19
     Management Discussion and Analysis | General Overview




     Through business form innovation, cross-sector             lagged behind that before the pandemic. Despite
     cooperation, optimisation of guest structure, focusing     the downturn in the macro environment, different
     on the effective marketing during holidays and             operating tasks and strategic issues of Jinmao Retail
     creating featured IP, all hotels made steady progress.     steadily progressed, and the operating results of
     Since the official release of the first batch of its       each business unit showed a steady growth trend.
     independent brands in 2019, Jinmao Hotel has fully         At the 2021 Guandian Business Annual Conference,
     embarked on the journey of asset-light management          Jinmao Retail was awarded the “2021 Commercial
     transformation, with focus on deep cultivation of          Real Estate Growth Enterprise of the Year”. The
     products, features and services to continuously            occupancy rate of many retail operations projects
     reinforce its brand building efforts. At the same time,    under Jinmao recovered. Nanjing Jinmao Mall of
     it formulated the hotel product standardisation manual     Splendor successfully completed upgrading and
     and entered the Chinese hospitability industry with a      rebranding and won the “Nova Award” at the 8th
     brand new image as an asset-light hotel management         China (Shanghai) Shopping Centre Development
     company in a bid to promote the Company’s asset-           Summit Forum. Shanghai J • LIFE broke through the
     light strategic development with “standardisation”.        barriers of community marketing with the linkage of
     During the Period under Review, Jinmao Hotel was           business circles, made use of online shopping malls to
     awarded the title of the “2021 Best Hotel Owner in         help merchants remain in business, actively developed
     China” at the 2021 AHF Asia Hotel and Tourism Forum        community rights in the post-pandemic period, and
     Annual Conference and the 16th China Hotel Starlight       won the “2021 China Coordinates – Best Marker
     Awards. Its independent brand, Purelax, was awarded        Partner Award” (2021年中國坐標 － 最佳點標合作夥伴
     the “Best Luxury Resort Hotel Brand of the Year”           獎).
     at the 2021 CHA China Hotel Awards. Jinmao Hotel
     Lijiang • The Unbound Collection by Hyatt was named        In 2021, the Company continued to deepen the
     among the “Top 10 Resort Hotels in China” at the 16th      connotation of the two wings “technology + service”
     Starlight Awards. Grand Hyatt Shanghai was honoured        and strengthened the role of traction of two business
     with the title among the first batch of “Shanghai Art      wings. In terms of technology, adhering to the value
     Hotels”.                                                   philosophy of “In Science We Trust and Unity in
                                                                Knowledge and Action”, and combining with the
     In terms of commercial leasing, as the impacts of the      year of “digital technology”, the Company actively
     pandemic were gradually alleviated and the corporate       explored the technology track and promoted
     efficiency recovered, occupancy rate of the office         innovation and transformation. Relying on real estate
     buildings in Shanghai saw an increase as compared          resources and experience accumulation, Jinmao Green
     with the previous year. And occupancy rate and             Building focused on green technology research and
     rental levels of two office buildings in Beijing were      development, green technology consulting, smart
     kept at high level. However, due to the impacts of         energy and other businesses to achieve the extension
     the pandemic in the third quarter of 2021 and the          from the use of green technology to the full-cycle
     intensifying competition from the increase in supply,      operation and consulting services of green buildings.
     the occupancy rate and rental levels in Nanjing            Based on the data service platform, Jinmao Cloud
     decreased slightly as compared with the previous year.     continued to explore and give play to digital value
                                                                to serve the development of the principal business,
     In terms of retail operations, as affected by the          customer needs and government demands. In terms
     normalisation of the pandemic, the customer flow still     of services, relying on the investment layout of the city




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
20
                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis | General Overview




operations industry chain, JM Capital followed through                         expanded a variety of financing channels since 2021.
the mission of capital reshaping the value of cities,                          It issued the 3-year domestic unsecured medium-term
continued to consolidate the core competitiveness of                           notes of RMB5 billion, comprising medium-term notes
financing, created diversified financing channels and                          of RMB3 billion with a coupon rate of 3.74% issued
gave full play to the role of financial empowerment.                           in April 2021 and medium-term notes of RMB2 billion
At the same time, it explored the blue ocean of urban                          with a coupon rate of 3.65% issued in October 2021. In
renewal business and carried out investment layout                             April 2021, the Company successfully issued the 5-year
around China Jinmao’s city operations industry chain                           senior bonds of US$600 million with a coupon rate of
to empower China Jinmao’s innovation, upgrade and                              only 3.2%, and issued subordinated perpetual bonds
industry landing in an effort to continuously build the                        of US$500 million in February 2021, which provided
two main business segments, namely real estate funds                           sufficient capital support for subsequent development
and industrial investment.                                                     of projects.


Adhering to the strategic positioning of being                                 Looking ahead, the COVID-19 pandemic is still
“a comprehensive solution service provider in                                  spreading, and the external environment is becoming
respect of the green and healthy space with smart                              more complex, severe and uncertain. The risks
technology”, Jinmao Decoration implemented refined                             a n d c h a l l e n g e s f a c e d b y C h i n a’ s d e v e l o p m e n t
management with market-oriented, professionalised,                             have increased significantly. The pandemic is still
standardised and refined guidelines to strictly control                        suppressing consumer demand, and investment in
operational risks. Jinmao Property explored the “high,                         some fields has yet to bottom out. In the meantime,
comprehensive, new and fast” development path,                                 medium and long-term challenges such as potential
focused on high-quality projects in high-tier cities and                       slowdown in economic growth, slowdown in
provided a high standard of service, striving to achieve                       population growth and low-carbon transformation
a high-level cycle. At the same time, it possessed                             cannot be ignored. China’s economic fundamentals
the management capability of all business formats,                             remain resilient, promising and positive in the
all cycles and all fields, and continued to advance                            long run. New urbanisation will continue, and the
toward the goal of being a pioneer in China’s city                             demand for urban renewal will keep emerging.
operations service industry, while deeply promoting                            Carbon neutrality and digitalisation will bring new
the digital transformation of enterprises to promote                           opportunities for the development of the industry.
the upgrading of property services with technology,                            With the in-depth adjustment of the market, the pace
and achieved fast and stable growth.                                           of survival of the fittest in the industry is accelerating,
                                                                               so that quality real estate enterprises that have
In 2021, the Company reaped a good harvest in the                              withstood the test will enjoy more opportunities.
land market and capital market with outstanding                                Under the new situation, China Jinmao will fully
results. In respect of land acquisition, the Group                             implement the concept of “insisting on city operation
acquired a number of quality land parcels in various                           and insisting on In Science We Trust”, continuously
locations, including Shanghai, Beijing, Suzhou,                                improving its lean management capabilities and
Ningbo, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Zhengzhou, Wuxi,                                   consolidating the foundation of the Company’s
X i a m e n , Q i n g d a o , X i’ a n , S h a o x i n g , N a n c h a n g ,   development by focusing on the working approach
Jinhua, Changsha, Quzhou, Chongqing, Taizhou and                               of “three reductions, one improvement, one
Yancheng, and our land reserve was substantially                               acceleration”, thereby creating even better results.
replenished. In fund acquisition, the Group has actively




                                                                                           CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                            21
     Management Discussion
      and Analysis | Project Overview


     1.       MAJOR COMMERCIAL LEASING AND RETAIL OPERATIONS PROJECTS
                                                                                                                                        Area held for
                                                                                                                                         commercial
                                                                                                                                              leasing
                                                                                      Gross                      Equity                    and retail
                                                                                  floor area                attributable                  properties
                                                                                    (square       Type of        to the       Date of        (square
      Name of project                          Location                             metres)       project        Group     completion        metres)

      Beijing Chemsunny World Trade            Xicheng District, Beijing, China     194,530        Office       100.00%          2006         111,313
          Centre
      Sinochem Tower                           Xicheng District, Beijing, China      49,066        Office       100.00%          1995          49,066
      Jin Mao Tower (including hotel)          Pudong New Area, Shanghai,           292,475        Office       100.00%          1999         216,462
                                                 China
      Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza         Gulou District, Nanjing, Jiangsu     225,846      Complex         77.69%          2011         139,806
          Project (including hotel) (Note 1)     Province, China
      Changsha Meixi Lake International        Xiangjiang New District,             132,856        Office        80.00%          2017          14,963
          R&D Centre                             Changsha, Hunan Province,
                                                 China
      Shanghai International Shipping          Hongkou District, Shanghai,            5,558        Office       100.00%          2018           5,558
          Service Center Co., Ltd. (6#)          China
      Lijiang J • Life                         Old Town, Lijiang, Yunnan             21,893    Commercial       100.00%          2014          21,893
                                                 Province, China
      Commercial portion of Qingdao            Shinan District, Qingdao,             61,142    Commercial        51.00%          2017          61,142
          Jinmao Harbour                         Shandong Province, China
      Jiayuan Plaza Hypermarket                High-Tech Industrial                  25,480    Commercial       100.00%          2013          25,480
                                                 Development Zone, Ningbo,
                                                 Zhejiang Province, China
      Changsha Jinmao Mall of Splendor         Yuelu District, Changsha, Hunan      141,723    Commercial        51.00%          2017         141,723
                                                 Province, China
      Shanghai International Shipping          Hongkou District, Shanghai,            5,222    Commercial       100.00%          2013           5,222
          Service Center Co., Ltd. (16#)         China
      Wangjing Lvchuang Center                 Chaoyang District, Beijing,           10,931        Office       100.00%          2020          10,931
          (望京綠創中心)                               China
      Total                                                                                                                                  803,559




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
22
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




2.       HOTEL OPERATION PROJECTS
                                                                                   Gross
                                                                               floor area          Equity
                                                                                 (square      attributable        Date of       Number of
 Name of project                         Location                                metres)     to the Group      completion      guest rooms

 Renaissance Beijing Wangfujing Hotel    Dongcheng District, Beijing, China       44,413          100.00%            1995              329
 Grand Hyatt Shanghai (Note 2)           Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China         76,013          100.00%            1999              555
 Hilton Sanya Yalong Bay Resort & Spa    Yalong Bay Resort, Sanya, Hainan         75,208          100.00%            2006              501
                                           Province, China
 The Ritz-Carlton Sanya Yalong Bay       Yalong Bay Resort, Sanya, Hainan         83,772          100.00%            2008              450
                                           Province, China
 The Westin Beijing Chaoyang             Chaoyang District, Beijing, China        77,945          100.00%            2008              550
 JW Marriott Hotel Shenzhen              Futian District, Shenzhen,               51,730          100.00%            2009              411
                                           Guangdong Province, China
 Westin Nanjing (Note 1)                 Gulou District, Nanjing, Jiangsu         33,698           77.69%            2011              232
                                           Province, China
 Hyatt Regency Chongming                 Chongming District, Shanghai, China      48,992          100.00%            2014              235
 Grand Hyatt Lijiang (Note 3)            Old Town District, Lijiang, Yunnan       84,384          100.00%            2014              401
                                           Province, China
 Meixi Lake Hotel, A Luxury Collection   Yuelu District, Changsha, Hunan          62,220          100.00%            2017              304
     Hotel, Changsha                       Province, China
 Total                                                                          638,375                                              3,968




                                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                               23
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




     3.1 MAJOR CITY OPERATIONS AND PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
         ACQUIRED BEFORE 2021
                                                                                        Saleable area                       Equity
                                                                                       of the project     Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                           Location                              (square metres)      project    to the Group    completion

      Beijing

      Beijing International Community Project   Shunyi District, Beijing, China               388,215   Residential         49.00%          2023
      Beijing Jinmao Palace Project             Fengtai District, Beijing, China              167,892   Residential         49.00%          2022
      Hopson • Jinmao • Poly • Greentown        Fengtai District, Beijing, China               76,339   Residential         25.00%          2022
        Beijing Jinmao Palace Project
      Beijing Hopson • Jinmao Dongsan           Fengtai District, Beijing, China              160,992   Residential         18.00%          2023
        Jinmao Palace Project
      Beijing Xiyue Tianhuan Project            Fengtai District, Beijing, China              100,876   Residential         10.20%          2022
      Beijing Yihe Jinmao Palace Project        Haidian District, Beijing, China               99,755   Residential         40.00%          2022

      Shanghai

      Shanghai Nanqiao Jinmao                   Fengxian District, Shanghai, China            114,304   Residential         38.00%          2022
        Residence Project
      Shanghai Future City Project              Qingpu District, Shanghai, China               82,900   Residential         49.00%          2022
      Shanghai Yinghongqiao Project             Qingpu District, Shanghai, China              183,462   Residential         40.00%          2022
      Shanghai Changxing Jinmao Noble           Chongming District, Shanghai, China            86,027   Residential         70.00%          2022
        Manor Project




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
24
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                             Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                            of the project        Type of      attributable        Date of
Name of project                       Location                             (square metres)         project    to the Group      completion

Guangzhou

Guangzhou Poly Longyue Mansion        Baiyun District, Guangzhou,                  439,285     Residential          25.00%            2025
  Project                               Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou CR Land – Road King –       Huadu District, Guangzhou,                   178,669     Residential          30.00%            2023
  Jinmao – Tong Residence Project       Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou Lingshan Island Jinmao      Nansha District, Guangzhou,                   97,679     Residential         100.00%            2022
  Harbour Project (Phase II)            Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou Yuexiu & Jinmao –           Nansha District, Guangzhou,                   91,712     Residential          49.00%            2022
  Lingshan Island Jinmao Harbour        Guangdong Province, China
  Project
Guangzhou Cinda & Jinmao – Tianhe     Tianhe District, Guangzhou,                  296,956     Residential/         40.00%            2022
  Jinmao Plaza                          Guangdong Province, China                             Commercial
Guangzhou China Merchants • Jinmao    Conghua District, Guangzhou,                 320,954     Residential          25.00%            2025
  • Poly HEFU Project                   Guangdong Province, China
  (廣州招商 • 金茂 • 保利和府項目)
Guangzhou Poly Tianjun Project        Liwan District, Guangzhou,                   113,974     Residential          25.00%            2023
  (廣州保利天珺項目)                            Guangdong Province, China

Shenzhen

Shenzhen Longhua Jinmao Palace        Longhua New District, Shenzhen,              138,312     Residential          80.00%            2019
  Project                               Guangdong Province, China
Shenzhen Guangming Jinmao Plaza       Guangming New District, Shenzhen,             41,793     Residential          49.00%            2023
  Project                               Guangdong Province, China

Changsha

Changsha Xincheng Jinmao Dream •      Xiangjiang New District, Changsha,           275,283     Residential          30.00%            2022
  Hua Palace Project                    Hunan Province, China
Changsha Xincheng Jinmao Dream • Xi   Xiangjiang New District, Changsha,           157,814     Residential          30.00%            2022
  Residence Project                     Hunan Province, China




                                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                               25
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                        Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                       of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                          Location                               (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Nanjing

      Nanjing Gucheng Lake • Jinmao            Gaochun District, Nanjing, Jiangsu             210,100   Residential/         49.00%          2022
        Noble Manor Project                      Province, China                                        Commercial
      Nanjing Yuzui Jinmao Residence Project   Jianye District, Nanjing, Jiangsu              426,623     Complex            27.50%          2027
                                                 Province, China
      Nanjing CR Land • Rui Palace Project     Jianye District, Nanjing, Jiangsu              516,469     Complex            27.50%          2029
                                                 Province, China
      Nanjing Jiangning Jinmao                 Jiangning District, Nanjing, Jiangsu           293,466   Residential          70.00%          2022
        Residence Project                         Province, China
      Nanjing Greenland Haiyue Project         Jiangbei New District, Nanjing,                566,784     Complex            40.00%          2031
                                                 Jiangsu Province, China
      Nanjing Yangtze River Jinmao             Jiangbei New District, Nanjing,                383,412     Complex            40.00%          2029
        Residence Project                        Jiangsu Province, China
      Nanjing Pinglan Palace Project           Gaochun District, Nanjing, Jiangsu             185,935   Residential          29.00%          2022
                                                 Province, China
      Nanjing Tangshan Spa & Wellness          Jiangning District, Nanjing, Jiangsu           343,917     Complex            47.00%          2023
        Town Project                             Province, China
      Nanjing Ziyue Palace Project             Qixia District, Nanjing, Jiangsu               263,269   Residential          24.00%          2022
                                                 Province, China
      Nanjing Yunlan Shang Palace Project      Qinhuai District, Nanjing, Jiangsu             186,946   Residential          28.00%          2022
                                                 Province, China
      Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza         Gulou District, Nanjing, Jiangsu               203,826     Complex            77.69%          2026
        Project Phase II                         Province, China
      Nanjing Jinmao Xuhui Qianjiang           Jiangbei New District, Nanjing,                 70,407   Residential          53.09%          2023
        Lingyun Palace Project                   Jiangsu Province, China
      Nanjing Midea • Jinmao〡Fangyuan          Jiangning District, Nanjing, Jiangsu           101,862   Residential/         50.00%          2022
        Project                                  Province, China                                        Commercial

      Chongqing

      Chongqing Bishan Jinmao Residence        Bishan District, Chongqing, China              350,171   Residential         100.00%          2021
        Project
      Chongqing Longxing International         Liangjiang New Area, Chongqing,                229,662   Residential          50.00%          2024
        Ecological New City                      China
        (Northern Land Parcel)
      Chongqing Longxing International         Yubei District, Chongqing, China               300,479   Residential/        100.00%          2025
        Ecological New City                                                                             Commercial
        (Southern Land Parcel)
      Chongqing Central Jade Cloud Project     Yubei District, Chongqing, China               365,377   Residential          20.00%          2024




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
26
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                              Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                             of the project        Type of      attributable        Date of
Name of project                       Location                              (square metres)         project    to the Group      completion

Ningbo

Ningbo Haishu Jinmao Palace Project   Haishu District, Ningbo, Zhejiang             207,551     Residential/         33.00%            2021
                                        Province, China                                        Commercial
Ningbo Chunlan Jingyuan Project       Yuyao, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province,             178,406     Residential/         20.00%            2022
                                        China                                                  Commercial

Qingdao

Qingdao Jimo International Smart      Jimo District, Qingdao, Shandong              320,852    Residential/          60.00%            2021
  New City Project                      Province, China                                        Commercial
  (First batch of land parcels)
Foreign Investment Block (Fourth      Prime Location, North Shore New               621,574     Residential/        100.00%            2025
  batch of land parcels) in             Town, Qingdao, Shandong                                Commercial/
  China-Europe International            Province, China                                         Apartment/
  City, Qingdao                                                                                       Hotel
Qingdao West Coast Innovation and     Huangdao District, Qingdao,                   195,978    Residential/         100.00%            2023
  Technology City (First batch of      Shandong Province, China                                Commercial
  land parcels)
Qingdao Eden Project                  High-Tech Industrial Development               93,076       Complex            41.67%            2024
                                        Zone, Qingdao, Shandong
                                        Province, China
Qingdao Dayun Valley • Laoshan        Laoshan District, Qingdao, Shandong           977,080       Complex            60.00%            2023
  Jinmao Palace Project                 Province, China
Domestic Investment Block (Fourth     Prime Location, North Shore New               592,117    Residential/         100.00%            2023
  batch of land parcels) in             Town, Qingdao, Shandong                                Commercial
  China-Europe International City,      Province, China
  Qingdao
Qingdao West Coast Innovation and     Huangdao District, Qingdao,                   148,966     Residential         100.00%            2022
  Technology City (Second batch of     Shandong Province, China
  land parcels)




                                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                27
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                      Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                     of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                       Location                                (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Hangzhou

      Hangzhou Dexin Jinmao Jiayuan         Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang           182,817   Residential          21.40%          2022
        Palace Project                        Province, China
      Hangzhou Fuchun Jinmao Xingwaitan     Fuyang District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang             960,947     Complex            60.00%          2026
        Project                               Province, China
      Fuchun Land Parcel No. 28, Fuyang     Fuyang District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang             171,417   Residential          50.00%          2022
        District, Hangzhou                    Province, China

      Hefei

      Hefei Dongcheng • Jinmao              Feidong County, Hefei, Anhui                     88,095   Residential         100.00%          2022
        Residence Project                     Province, China

      Xuzhou

      Xuzhou Red Star • Yunlong Jinmao      Yunlong District, Xuzhou, Jiangsu               355,818   Residential/         40.00%          2022
        Residence Project                     Province, China                                         Commercial
      Xuzhou Four Seasons                   Gulou District, Xuzhou, Jiangsu                 114,668   Residential          25.00%          2022
        Citylink • Wangyue Project            Province, China
      Xuzhou Four Seasons Citylink          Gulou District, Xuzhou, Jiangsu                 373,389   Residential/         25.00%          2022
        Vanke Gemdale Project                 Province, China                                         Commercial
      Xuzhou Yunlong Lake Jinmao Palace     Quanshan District, Xuzhou, Jiangsu              155,279   Residential          49.00%          2022
        Project                               Province, China

      Kunming

      Kunming Jinmao International New      Chenggong District, Kunming, Yunnan             803,466   Residential          66.00%          2021
        City Project                          Province, China
      Kunming Wujiaba • Jinmao Plaza        Guandu District, Kunming, Yunnan                109,374   Residential/        100.00%          2021
        Project                               Province, China                                         Commercial
      Kunming Longjiang Jinmao Palace       Xishan District, Kunming, Yunnan                311,018   Residential          80.00%          2024
        Project                               Province, China




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
28
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                               Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                              of the project        Type of      attributable        Date of
Name of project                        Location                              (square metres)         project    to the Group      completion

Quanzhou

Quanzhou Tan Residence Project         Taiwanese Investment Zone,                    479,125     Residential/         50.00%            2021
                                         Quanzhou, Fujian Province, China                       Commercial/
                                                                                                      Office

Changzhou

Changzhou Chunqiu Jinmao Palace        Wujin District, Changzhou, Jiangsu            213,363     Residential/         49.00%            2022
  Project                                Province, China                                        Commercial

Nantong

Nantong Rugao Longxin Jinmao           Rugao, Nantong, Jiangsu Province,             152,567     Residential          20.00%            2023
  Ruiyuan Project                        China

Zhuzhou

Zhuzhou • Jinmao Residence Project     Shifeng District, Zhuzhou, Hunan              615,053     Residential         100.00%            2021
                                         Province, China

Kaifeng

Land Parcel No. 39, Bianxi New Area,   Bianxi New Area, Kaifeng, Henan               179,930     Residential          49.00%            2022
  Kaifeng                                Province, China

Taizhou

Taizhou Jinmao • Zhongnan • Haizhou    Luqiao District, Taizhou,                     182,343     Residential          51.00%            2023
  Shangcheng Project                     Zhejiang Province, China
Linhai Linjiang Shangcheng Project     Linhai, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province,           106,299     Residential          75.00%            2023
                                         China




                                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                 29
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                          Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                         of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                         Location                                  (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Guiyang

      Guiyang Ninth Heaven Project            Baiyun District, Guiyang, Guizhou                 243,997   Residential          49.90%          2024
                                                Province, China
      Guiyang Guanshanhu International        Guanshanhu District, Guiyang,                     571,303   Residential          57.50%          2024
        Community Project                       Guizhou Province, China

      Suzhou

      Zhangjiagang Smart Science City         Zhangjiagang, Suzhou, Jiangsu                     836,629     Complex      49% and 100%          2023
        Project                                 Province, China                                                              and 50%
                                                                                                                              (Note 4)
      Changshu Jinmao Smart Science           Changshu, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province,               835,070     Complex             54.1%          2024
        City Project                            China                                                                       and 100%
                                                                                                                              (Note 5)
      Suzhou Qianshan Lanting Project         High-Tech Industrial Development                  352,110   Residential/         24.50%          2022
                                                Zone, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province,                           Commercial
                                                China

      Wuxi

      Jiangyin Chengjiang • Jinmao Palace     Jiangyin, Wuxi, Jiangsu Province,                 115,241   Residential          100.0%          2022
        Project                                 China
      Jiangyin Xiake Island Ecological City   Jiangyin, Wuxi, Jiangsu Province,                 400,057   Residential/         49.00%          2022
        Project                                 China                                                     Commercial
      Wuxi Lihu Jinmao Palace Project         Binhu District, Wuxi, Jiangsu Province,           427,473   Residential/         49.00%          2024
                                                China                                                     Commercial




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
30
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                               of the project        Type of      attributable        Date of
Name of project                          Location                             (square metres)         project    to the Group      completion

Foshan

Foshan Chao’an Jinmao Residence          Chancheng District, Foshan,                  260,126     Residential         100.00%            2024
  Project                                  Guangdong Province, China
Foshan Binjiang Jinmao Residence         Nanhai District, Foshan, Guangdong           564,166     Residential         100.00%            2025
  Project                                  Province, China
Foshan Qiaoshan Jinmao Residence         Nanhai District, Foshan, Guangdong            80,033     Residential          75.66%            2023
  Project                                  Province, China
Foshan Zhuoyue • Country Garden •        Shunde District, Foshan, Guangdong           171,650     Residential          33.00%            2023
  Tianyue Bay Project                      Province, China

Tianjin

Tianjin 188 Long Zhou Road Project       Beichen District, Tianjin, China             226,268     Residential          16.50%            2022
Tianjin Shangdong Jinmao Smart           Dongli District, Tianjin, China              101,404     Residential/        100.00%            2022
  Science City Project (First batch of                                                           Commercial
  land parcels)

Jinan

Jinan Lushang Jinmao International       Licheng District, Jinan, Shandong            647,912     Residential          27.50%            2022
  Community Project                        Province, China




                                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                  31
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                      Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                     of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                         Location                              (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Fuzhou

      Fuzhou Binhai Jinmao Smart Science      Changle District, Fuzhou, Fujian              955,360     Complex           100.00%          2028
        City Project (First batch of            Province, China
        land parcels)
      Fuzhou Binhai Jinmao Smart Science      Changle District, Fuzhou, Fujian              925,921     Complex            90.00%          2028
        City Project (Second batch of           Province, China
        land parcels)

      Wenzhou

      Wenzhou Jiushan Jinmao Palace           Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang           121,441   Residential         100.00%          2022
        Project                                 Province, China
      Wenzhou Lucheng Jinmao Palace           Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang           438,501   Residential/         33.00%          2022
        Project                                 Province, China                                            Office
      Wenzhou Rui’an • Jinmao Residence       Rui’an, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province,           295,361   Residential          51.00%          2022
        Project                                 China
      Wenzhou Longwan Yaoxibei Project        Longwan District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang           431,313   Residential/         16.50%          2022
                                                Province, China                                       Commercial
      Wenzhou Leqing Lechen Palace            Leqing, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province,            85,140   Residential          33.00%          2023
        Project                                 China
      Wenzhou Aojiang International New       Pingyang County, Wenzhou, Zhejiang            191,757   Residential/        100.00%          2023
        City Project (Land Parcel Nos.1,3,5     Province, China                                       Commercial
        and 7)




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
32
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                             Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                            of the project        Type of      attributable        Date of
Name of project                       Location                             (square metres)         project    to the Group      completion

Wuhan

Wuhan Huafa Yangluo Jinmao Noble      Xinzhou District, Wuhan, Hubei               472,830     Residential/         50.00%            2024
  Manor Project                         Province, China                                              Hotel
Wuhan Jianfa • Jinmao – Royal         Jiangxia District, Wuhan, Hubei              176,520     Residential          49.00%            2022
  Residence Project                     Province, China
Wuhan Jinmao • Huafa • Wuhan          Jiangxia District, Wuhan, Hubei              508,962     Residential          50.00%            2023
  International Community Project       Province, China
Wuhan Yangluo Jinmao Noble Manor      Xinzhou District, Wuhan, Hubei               378,042     Residential/        100.00%            2020
  Project                               Province, China                                       Commercial
Wuhan Yangluo • Jinmao Residence      Xinzhou District, Wuhan, Hubei               198,550     Residential         100.00%            2022
  Project                               Province, China
Wuhan Fangdao Smart Science City      Hanyang District, Wuhan, Hubei             1,953,770       Complex           100.00%            2027
  Project                               Province, China

Zhengzhou

Zhengzhou Jinmao Poly • Ruyi Palace   Zhengdong New District,                      123,901     Residential          49.00%            2022
  Project                               Zhengzhou, Henan Province, China
Zhengzhou Erqi District Mazhai New    Erqi District, Zhengzhou, Henan            2,301,877         Primary          49.50%            2025
  City Project                          Province, China
Zhengzhou Poly Jinmao Shiguang Yue    Jingkai District, Zhengzhou, Henan           104,916     Residential/         49.00%            2022
  Project                               Province, China                                       Commercial

Chengdu

Chengdu Dongsan Jinmao Noble          Longquanyi District, Chengdu,                 79,602     Residential          51.00%            2022
  Manor Project                         Sichuan Province, China




                                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                               33
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                       Saleable area                       Equity
                                                                                      of the project      Type of     attributable      Date of
      Name of project                        Location                                (square metres)      project    to the Group    completion

      Nanchang

      Nanchang Chennanli Project             Nanchang County, Nanchang,                      201,172   Residential        100.00%          2022
                                               Jiangxi Province, China
      Nanchang Gemdale Jinmao • Jiufeng      Honggutan New District, Nanchang,               177,166   Residential         40.00%          2022
        Palace Project                         Jiangxi Province, China
      Nanchang Evian Uptown Project          Qingshan Lake District, Nanchang,               218,551   Residential         33.00%          2023
                                               Jiangxi Province, China
      Nanchang Zhenro Jinmao Midea           Nanchang County, Nanchang,                      175,454   Residential         33.00%          2023
        Yunjing Project                        Jiangxi Province, China

      Zhangjiakou

      Zhangjiakou Jingbei Jinmao             Xiahuayuan District, Zhangjiakou,               131,609   Residential        100.00%          2022
        Residence Project                      Hebei Province, China
      Land Parcel No. A-1-1, Ruanyin         Xiahuayuan District, Zhangjiakou,               333,998   Residential        100.00%          2028
        Science Park Residence, Xiahuayuan     Hebei Province, China
        District, Zhangjiakou
      Zhangjiakou Xiahuayuan Land            Xiahuayuan District, Zhangjiakou,               168,846   Commercial         100.00%          2028
       Parcel K Project                        Hebei Province, China

      Baoding

      Baoding Jingxiu Jinmao Residence       Jingxiu District, Baoding, Hebei                225,447   Residential         80.00%          2023
        Project                                Province, China

      Jinhua

      Yiwu Futian Jinmao Palace Project      Yiwu City, Jinhua, Zhejiang Province,           336,577   Residential         70.00%          2022
                                               China
      Jinhua Jinmao Future Science City      Jindong District, Jinhua, Zhejiang            1,539,396      Primary          80.00%          2023
        Project                                Province, China




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
34
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                               Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                              of the project        Type of      attributable        Date of
Name of project                       Location                               (square metres)         project    to the Group      completion

Sanya

Sanya Jinmao Harbour Project          Yazhou District, Sanya, Hainan                 387,143     Residential/         70.00%            2024
                                        Province, China                                         Commercial/
                                                                                                      Office

Shantou

Shantou Shuangyue Bay Project         Jinping District, Shantou, Guangdong           252,771     Residential          50.00%            2024
                                        Province, China

Weihai

Weihai Fengji • Jinmao Residence      Economic and Technological                     222,721     Residential/        100.00%            2022
  Project                               Development Zone, Weihai,                               Commercial
                                        Shandong Province, China

Weifang

Weifang Taoyuan • Jinmao Residence    High-Tech Industrial Development               585,691     Residential/        100.00%            2025
  Project                               Zone, Weifang, Shandong Province,                       Commercial
                                        China

Yueyang

Yueyang Dongting • Jinmao Residence   Dongfeng Lake New District,                    753,099     Residential          75.00%            2027
Project                                 Yueyang, Hunan Province, China

Zhuhai

Zhuhai Huxin • Jinmao Residence       Doumen District, Zhuhai, Guangdong             389,661     Residential          69.99%            2024
  Project                               Province, China

Xiamen

Xiamen International Community        Xiang’an District, Xiamen, Fujian              150,726     Residential         100.00%            2022
  Project                               Province, China




                                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                 35
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                    Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                   of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                        Location                             (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Jiaxing

      Jiaxing Shanghai Window Smart          Jiashan County, Jiaxing, Zhejiang          1,810,377       Primary          80.00%          2024
        Science City Project                   Province, China
      Jiashan Jin Yue School Project         Jiashan County, Jiaxing, Zhejiang            205,511    Residential         30.00%          2023
                                               Province, China
      Jiaxing Xingchenyuen Project           Jiashan County, Jiaxing, Zhejiang             88,093    Residential         40.00%          2022
                                               Province, China
      Jiaxing Jiashan Guanghecheng Project   Jiashan County, Jiaxing, Zhejiang             75,678   Residential/         30.00%          2022
                                               Province, China                                      Commercial

      Xi’an

      Xi’an Weiyang Jinmao Palace Project    Weiyang District, Xi’an, Shaanxi             155,759    Residential        100.00%          2022
                                               Province, China

      Taiyuan

      Taiyuan Longcheng • Jinmao Palace      Xiaodian District, Taiyuan, Shanxi           378,773    Residential         35.00%          2023
        Project                                Province, China

      Yantai

      Yantai Lu Shang Jinmao • Impression    Laishan District, Yantai, Shandong           573,652   Residential/         40.00%          2025
        of Sea View Project                    Province, China                                      Commercial
      Yantai Happy Jinmao Residence          Zhifu District, Yantai, Shandong             117,061   Residential/         58.00%          2023
        Project                                Province, China                                      Commercial

      Shijiazhuang

      Shijiazhuang Chang’an • Jinmao         Chang’an District, Shijiazhuang,             148,926    Residential         50.00%          2022
        Residence Project                      Hebei Province, China

      Taizhou

      Taizhou Fengcheng Jinmao               Medical High-tech Zone, Taizhou,             611,499   Residential/         30.50%          2023
        Mansion Project                       Jiangsu Province, China                               Commercial




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
36
                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




3.2 PROJECTS ACQUIRED SINCE 2021
                                                                                   Saleable area                            Equity
                                                                                  of the project        Type of     attributable to      Date of
Name of project                         Location                                 (square metres)         project        the Group     completion

Beijing

Beijing Xishan Jinmao Palace Project    Fengtai District, Beijing, China                 209,849     Residential           100.00%          2023
Beijing Jinmao • Chang’an Residence     Mentougou District, Beijing, China                78,835     Residential           100.00%          2024
  Project
Beijing Jinmao & Greentown Qinyuan      Chaoyang District, Beijing, China                301,977     Residential            30.00%          2024
  Project

Shanghai

Shanghai Fengshengdao Project           Songjiang District, Shanghai, China              254,433     Residential/           25.00%          2023
                                                                                                    Commercial
Shanghai Xinzhong Power Machine         Jing’an District, Shanghai, China                270,003     Residential            35.00%          2025
  Plant Project
Shanghai Pudong Hengmian Project        Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China                 140,095     Residential            40.00%          2024

Guangzhou

Guangzhou Jinmao Vanke Metropolis       Zengcheng District, Guangzhou,                   515,096     Residential            49.00%          2026
  Seasons Project                         Guangdong Province, China

Nanjing

Nanjing Jinmao Xuhui | Qianjiang        Jiangbei New Area, Nanjing, Jiangsu               70,407     Residential            53.09%          2023
  Lingyun Palace Project                  Province, China
Nanjing Yuncui Palace Project           Qinhuai District, Nanjing, Jiangsu                73,235     Residential            20.00%          2023
                                          Province, China

Ningbo

Ningbo Jinmao Place Project             Fenghua District, Ningbo, Zhejiang               189,088       Complex             100.00%          2023
                                          Province, China
Ningbo Fengyue Yinhu Project            Fenghua District, Ningbo, Zhejiang               143,367     Residential            25.00%          2023
                                          Province, China
Ningbo Yuyao Qinglandi Project          Yuyao, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province,                220,447     Residential            30.00%          2023
                                          China
Ningbo Cixi Jiangshan Yunwang Project   Cixi, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, China           172,332     Residential            30.00%          2023




                                                                                          CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                     37
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                        Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                                       of the project      Type of     attributable to      Date of
      Name of project                          Location                               (square metres)       project        the Group     completion

      Qingdao

      Qingdao Dayun Valley Licang Project      Laoshan District, Qingdao, Shandong            494,938   Residential            60.00%          2024
                                                 Province, China
      Qingdao West Coast Innovation and        Huangdao District, Qingdao,                    130,839   Residential           100.00%          2025
        Technology City Project (Fifth batch     Shandong Province, China
        of land parcels)
      Qingdao West Coast Innovation and        Huangdao District, Qingdao,                    123,144   Residential           100.00%          2022
        Technology City Project (Third batch     Shandong Province, China
        of land parcels)
      Qingdao West Coast Innovation and        Huangdao District, Qingdao,                     75,927   Residential           100.00%          2023
        Technology City Project (Fourth          Shandong Province, China
        batch of land parcels)

      Tianjin

      Shangdong Jinmao Smart Science City      Dongli District, Tianjin, China                139,962   Residential           100.00%          2023
        Project

      Yancheng

      Yancheng Haitang Jinmao Palace           High-tech Industrial Development               185,810   Residential/           70.00%          2023
        Project                                  Zone, Yancheng, Jiangsu Province,                      Commercial
                                                 China

      Taizhou

      Taizhou Wenling Bojun Palace Project     Wenling, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province,            73,462   Residential            34.00%          2023
                                                 China
      Taizhou Yuhuan Jinyushangcheng           Yuhuan, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province,            127,065   Residential            55.00%          2023
        Project                                  China

      Guiyang

      Huizhou Jinmao Crystal Innovation and    Nanpian District, Qingzhen, Guizhou            115,076   Residential           100.00%          2022
        Technology City Project                  Province, China
        (First batch of land parcels)




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
38
                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                    Saleable area                            Equity
                                                                                   of the project        Type of     attributable to      Date of
Name of project                         Location                                  (square metres)         project        the Group     completion

Wenzhou

Wenzhou Pingyang Xitang Future          Pingyang County, Wenzhou, Zhejiang                428,905     Residential/          100.00%          2024
  Communities Project                     Province, China                                            Commercial
Wenzhou Quzhou Luming Future            Kecheng District, Quzhou, Zhejiang                345,169     Residential/           30.02%          2024
  Communities Project                     Province, China                                            Commercial
Wenzhou Aojiang International New       Pingyang County, Wenzhou, Zhejiang                280,387     Residential/          100.00%          2028
  City Project Land Parcel No.8           Province, China                                                  Office
Wenzhou Aojiang International New       Pingyang County, Wenzhou, Zhejiang                 88,640     Residential           100.00%          2028
  City Project Land Parcel No.9           Province, China
Wenzhou Aojiang International New       Pingyang County, Wenzhou, Zhejiang                 63,549    Commercial             100.00%          2026
  City Project Land Parcel No.4           Province, China
Dongguan

Poly • Yuexiu • Jinmao – Songhu Yunxi   Liaobu Town, Dongguan, Guangdong                   64,060     Residential/           30.00%          2023
  Project                                 Province, China                                            Commercial

Danyang

Danyang Optical City Project            Development Zone, Danyang, Jiangsu                804,683       Complex              90.00%          2026
                                          Province, China

Changzhou

Changzhou Dongcheng Jinmao              Economic Development Zone,                        168,574     Residential           100.00%          2023
  Residence Project                       Changzhou, Jiangsu Province, China

Changsha

Changsha Dongshanwan Project            Yuelu District, Changsha, Hunan                   399,006     Residential           100.00%          2025
                                          Province, China
Changsha Yuhua Jinmao Smart             Yuhua District, Changsha, Hunan                   243,410     Residential            50.00%          2024
  Science City Project                    Province, China
  (First batch of land parcels)

Wuxi

Wuxi Fengyu Shanhe Project              Binhu District, Wuxi, Jiangsu Province,           184,019     Residential            33.00%          2023
                                          China
Wuxi Junhe Palace Project               Jiangyin, Wuxi, Jiangsu Province,                 299,554     Residential/           36.00%          2024
                                          China                                                      Commercial

Zhengzhou

Zhengzhou Future Palace Project         Economic Development Zone,                        398,056     Residential           100.00%          2024
                                          Zhengzhou, Henan Province, China
Zhengzhou Zhengdong New District        Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou,                124,764     Residential            34.00%          2023
  Beilonghu Land Parcel No.B2-11-01       Henan Province, China


                                                                                           CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                      39
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                          Saleable area                         Equity
                                                                                         of the project     Type of     attributable to      Date of
      Name of project                          Location                                 (square metres)      project        the Group     completion

      Chengdu

      Chengdu Jinjiang District Xinfu Meilin   Jinjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan              105,117   Residential          100.00%          2024
        Land Parcel (56 mu)                      Province, China

      Chongqing

      Chongqing Longhu Jinmao Beidao           Yubei District, Chongqing, China                 104,932   Residential           49.00%          2023
        Project
      Chongqing Jiulongpo District Huayan      Jiulongpo District, Chongqing, China             285,205   Residential          100.00%          2024
        Project (139 mu)

      Xi’an

      Xi’an High-tech Industrial Development   High-tech Industrial Development                 180,829   Residential          100.00%          2024
        Zone Jinmao Yueyuan Project              Zone, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province, China
      Qujiang Daming Palace Jinmao Palace      Qujiang New District, Xi’an, Shaanxi             215,830   Residential          100.00%          2025
        Project                                  Province, China

      Nanchang

      Jinmao Nanchang International            Xinjian District, Nanchang, Jiangxi              532,414   Residential          100.00%          2023
        Community Project                        Province, China
      Nanchang Wangyuehu Jinmao                Xinjian District, Nanchang, Jiangxi              130,994   Residential          100.00%          2023
        Residence Project                        Province, China

      Shaoxing

      Shaoxing Zhuji Jiyang Palace Project     Zhuji, Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province,              278,001   Residential          100.00%          2023
                                                 China

      Jinhua

      Jinhua Dongmei Future Communities        Jindong District, Jinhua, Zhejiang               650,572   Residential          100.00%          2024
        Land Parcel                              Province, China
      Jinhua Dongmei Future Science            Jindong District, Jinhua, Zhejiang                41,827       Office           100.00%          2023
        City B3 Commercial and Office            Province, China
        Land Parcel

      Xiamen

      Xiamen Huandong Jinmao Residence         Xiang’an District, Xiamen, Fujian                259,926   Residential          100.00%          2023
        Project                                  Province, China




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
40
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis | Project Overview




                                                                                Saleable area                           Equity
                                                                               of the project        Type of    attributable to       Date of
 Name of project                         Location                             (square metres)        project        the Group      completion

 Jiaxing

 Jiaxing Shanghai Window Smart           Jiashan County, Jiaxing, Zhejiang            159,546     Residential          100.00%           2024
   Science City Project Land Parcel        Province, China
   No.B2021-94
 Jiaxing Jinyue Xuefu Project            Jiashan County, Jiaxing, Zhejiang            205,511     Residential           30.00%           2023
                                           Province, China

 Hefei

 Hefei Yunqi Xingchen Project            Xinzhan District, Hefei, Anhui               109,520     Residential           34.00%           2023
                                           Province, China

 Huzhou

 Huzhou Jinmao Nantaihu Future           Nantaihu New District, Huzhou,               570,144       Complex            100.00%           2025
   Window Project (First batch of          Zhejiang Province, China
   land parcels)

 Jinan

 Jinan Shizhong • Guoyue City Project    Shizhong District, Jinan, Shandong           390,551     Residential           33.00%           2023
                                           Province, China

 Langfang

 Langfang Longhe Park Land Parcel No.1   Anci District, Langfang, Hebei               551,076       Complex            100.00%           2027
                                           Province, China


(Note 1)    Nanjing Mall of Splendor and Westin Nanjing are located in Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza.

(Note 2)    Grand Hyatt Shanghai is located in Jin Mao Tower.

(Note 3)    Grand Hyatt Lijiang is held as to 100% interest by the Group. Grand Hyatt Lijiang in the urban area is situated in
            Lijiang Jinmao Richmond Town Project; whereas the Mountain Lodge in the scenic area is situated in Ganhaizi, Jade
            Dragon Snow Mountain.

(Note 4)    Suzhou Zhangjiagang Smart Science City Project is developed on Suzhou Zhangjiagang land parcels Nos.
            20112-A10-A/B, 2014-A02-A/B/C, 2012-A09 and 2014-A04. Currently, the Group holds 50% interest in land parcel No.
            2012-A19-A/B, 100% interest in land parcels Nos. 2014-A02-A/B/C and 2014-A04 and 49% interest in land parcel No.
            2012-A09.

(Note 5)    Changshu Jinmao Smart Science City Project is developed on Changshu Yumao land parcels Nos.
            2020A-012/013/015/016 and Changshu Pumao land parcel No. 2020A-014. Currently, the Group holds 54.1% interest
            in Changshu Yumao land parcels Nos. 2020A-012/013/015/016 and 100% interest in Changshu Pumao land parcel No.
            2020A-014.




                                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                  41
CITY
OPERATIONS
       Management Discussion
        and Analysis | Business Review

       City Operations

                   Changsha
                   Yuhua Jinmao Smart Science City




     Changsha Yuhua Jinmao Smart Science City Project, located in the Yuhua District, Changsha, has a total
     plot ratio-based GFA of approximately 1.02 million sq.m. It is planned to be developed in various segments
     comprising the retail portion of Mall of Splendor, the high-end office premises, the innovative incubation and
     cultural office base, the Block area, the green and gold community, etc.


     In June 2021, China Jinmao successfully acquired the first batch of land parcels no. Changsha [2021] 032 for the
     city operations project in Yatang New City, Yuhua District, Changsha, Hunan Province, with a saleable area of
     243,400 sq.m.




       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
44
                Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | City Operations |




Guiyang
Qingzhen Jinmao Crystal Smart New City




Guiyang Qingzhen Jinmao Crystal Smart New City Project, located in Qingzhen, Guiyang, has a planning area
of 4,896 mu, of which Phase I has a planning area of 682 mu and a plot ratio-based GFA of 1.24 million sq.m. The
project encompasses a variety of city amenities including an industrial heritage park, a cultural creativity base, a
cultural display base, a smart energy management centre, a smart health management centre, an outdoor sports
park, a family theme park, a star-rated hotel, a high-end commercial complex, a prestigious public school and a
public hospital, which will be developed into a smart new city and a green ecological and liveable place boasting
green gold technologies such as green energy system and smart system.


In June 2021, China Jinmao entered into development agreements with the People’s Government of Qingzhen
and Guizhou Crystal Group, respectively, and acquired the first batch of land parcels no. QZ(21)043 and no.
QZ(21)044 in December 2021 with a total site area of 45 mu and a saleable and leasable area of approximately
115,000 sq.m.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             45
       Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | City Operations |




                   Nanchang
                   Ganjiang New District Traditional Chinese Medicine
                   International Ecological Technology Town




     Nanchang Ganjiang New District Traditional Chinese Medicine International Ecological Technology Town
     Project, located in Ganjiang New District, Jiangxi Province, has a cooperation area of approximately 9.13 sq.km.
     (approximately 13,708 mu), covering land consolidation, infrastructure construction, public facilities construction,
     industrial development, district management and operation, etc. Focusing on the four major development goals
     of “internationalisation, technology, ecology and culture”, the project focuses on building two core industries
     of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) research and development and TCM derivatives, as supplemented by a
     myriad of supporting functions, covering a TCM derivatives park, a TCM research centre, a TCM cultural and art
     centre, a central lake and mountain park, a star-rated hotel, a commercial complex, eight public schools, three
     public hospitals and other industrial resources and amenities, and simultaneously implement a new smart city
     and smart energy system.


     In July 2021, China Jinmao entered into a cooperation development agreement with China (Nanchang)
     Traditional Chinese Medicine Science and Technology Innovation City Management Committee and Jiangxi
     Ganjiang Traditional Chinese Medicine Innovative City Construction and Investment Group Co., Ltd. and all other
     works progressed in an orderly manner.




       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
46
               Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | City Operations |




Huzhou
Jinmao Nantaihu Window of the Future




Huzhou Jinmao Nantaihu Window of the Future Project, located in Nantaihu New District, Huzhou, Zhejiang
Province, has a total plot ratio-based GFA of approximately 1.25 million sq.m. It is the development site of
Nantaihu New District, Huzhou and has the inherent advantage of joint development of surrounding industries.
Based on the core values of regional ecology, humanities and location, the project focuses on agricultural
science and technology, energy conservation and environmental protection as well as green services, and
builds supporting systems such as primary education, ultra-high-rise office, three-dimensional retail and smart
agriculture, creating urban functional modules such as smart residence, commercial office, industrial research
and development as well as ecological leisure. At the same time, it connects with Financial Street and the
Headquarters Park in the Changdong segment to build a smart future new city most attractive to talents.


In October 2021, China Jinmao entered into an investment cooperation agreement with Zhejiang Nantaihu
Holding Group Co., Ltd. and Huzhou Nantaihu Industry-City Construction and Development Co., Ltd. In
December 2021, China Jinmao successfully acquired the land parcel no. 2021-65 in Nantaihu New District with a
saleable area of approximately 570,000 sq.m.




                                                               CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                          47
       Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | City Operations |




                   Shanghai
                   Hengmian Ancient Town City Operations




     Shanghai Hengmian Ancient Town City Operations Project, located in Pudong New Area, Shanghai, has a
     total plot ratio-based GFA of approximately 530,000 sq.m. It is planned to build a high-end hotel, a commercial
     street zone and an ancient town reserve featuring Jiangnan’s water village landscape. China Jinmao will leverage
     on the high-starting point planning, high-intensity investment and high-standard construction to incorporate new
     technologies such as smart city and technology residence into Hengmian Ancient Town.


     In November 2021, China Jinmao successfully won the bid for the land parcels no. 07-01 and no. 08-06 in the
     Hengmian Town Unit (02PD-0002-01), West Area of Shanghai International Tourism Resort, Pudong New Area,
     Shanghai (the “Urban Village” Renovation Project – Kangqiao Town Hengmian Old Street Land Parcel), with a
     saleable and leasable area of approximately 140,000 sq.m.




       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
48
                Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | City Operations |




Langfang
Longhe High-tech Industrial Development Zone




Langfang Longhe High-tech Industrial Development Zone Project, located in Longhe High-tech Industrial
Development Zone, Langfang, Hebei Province, is a growth pole for economic development in southern Langfang
and a bridgehead connecting to Beijing and Tianjin. Longhe High-tech Industrial Development Zone has a
planning site area of 37.5 sq.km. China Jinmao will work with the local government to implement the first-mover
supporting facilities and promote the implementation of a three-dimensional supporting system covering core
elements such as the new-generation Mall of Splendor commercial complex, urban central park, prestigious
public school, higher vocational education, healthcare services, star-rated hotel, culture and leisure, and
Syngenta smart agriculture.


In November 2021, China Jinmao successfully won the bid for 5 land parcels Lang An Tu no. 2021-10, Lang An Tu
no. 2021-4, Lang An Tu no. 2021-11, Lang An Tu no. 2021-9 and Lang An Tu no. 2021-8 (Lang Zi Gui Gao Zi [2021]
no. 16), with a total site area of 297.45 mu and a saleable and leasable area of approximately 551,000 sq.m.




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            49
       Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | City Operations |




                   Danyang
                   Optical City




     Danyang Optical City Project, located in front of the Danyang High Speed Rail Station between the Old
     Town and New Town of Danyang, has the dual functions of gateway and heart of the city. The project covers a
     total site area of 1,700 mu (approximately 1.13 million sq.m.). With the optical glasses industry as the feature,
     China Jinmao rapidly carries out industrial upgrade for Danyang, improves its functional supports, and realises
     enhancement of the city’s image, the optical glasses industry and the cultural tourism.


     In December 2021, China Jinmao successfully won the bid for the land parcels nos. G2134, G2135, G2136,
     G2137, G2138, G2139 and G2140 (Dan Zi Ran Zi Wang Gua [2021] no. 07), with a saleable and leasable area of
     approximately 805,000 sq.m. In December 2021, the ground-breaking ceremony of the Danyang Optical City
     Project “Window of the World • The Light of Danyang” was held.




       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
50
                Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | City Operations |




Wenzhou
Aojiang International New City




Wenzhou Aojiang International New City Project, located in the block of Gu’ao Tou, Binjiang Centre, Aojiang,
Pingyang, has a total site area of approximately 1,972 mu (equivalent to approximately 1.31 million sq.m.) and a
total GFA of approximately 1.05 million sq.m. China Jinmao plans to develop the project into a “3+2” industrial
system integrating industries and urban features step by step from the aspects such as residence, culture,
commercial office, landmark buildings and supporting facilities with “technology and innovation industries,
financial service industry, cultural and creative industry” as the core, and “professional service industry +
education and training industry” as the support, striving to forge the project to become a vibrant centre of
Pingyang with its advantages such as urban core location, excellent scenery resources, profound cultural heritage
and business supporting facilities.


In April 2021, China Jinmao successfully won the bid for the second batch of land parcel no. 8, i.e., Blocks C-08-
01 and C-09-01 of Gu’ao Tou, Binjiang Centre, Aojiang Township, Pingyang County and land parcel no. 9, i.e.,
Block C-09-02 of Gu’ao Tou, Binjiang Centre, Aojiang Township, Pingyang County. In May 2021, China Jinmao
successfully won the bid for the third batch of land parcel no. 4, i.e., Block C-10-01 of Gu’ao Tou, Binjiang
Centre, Aojiang Township, Pingyang County.




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           51
PROPERTY
DEVELOPMENT
     Management Discussion
      and Analysis | Business Review

     Property Development
                                                                Nanjing Gucheng Lake • Jinmao Noble Manor Project,
                                                                located in the core area of Binhu in the southern part of
                                                                Gaochun District south of Beiling Road in Chunxi Subdistrict
                                                                and west of Shuiyangjiang Road, occupies a site area of
                                                                approximately 188,000 sq.m. with a GFA of approximately
                                                                400,000 sq.m. and is built into a liveable, low-density, high-
                                                                quality and liveable community. There are approximately
                                                                42,000 sq.m. of service centres and community centres with a
                                                                combination of education, healthcare, transportation and retail
                                                                facilities. The project is planned to have 90-220 sq.m. of pure
                                                                low-density houses and villas.

                                                                During the Period under Review, the project was ranked No.1 in
                                                                Gaochun District both in terms of the number of units sold and
                                                                the area sold, and became a star project in Gaochun District.



        Beijing Greentown Jinmao • Qinyuan Project is
        located on the East 5th Ring Road of Chaoyang
        District, which is close to 5th Ring Road and adjacent
        to the entrance and exit of Huagong Bridge on the
        East 5th Ring Road. The region has a promising
        future. The project is only 100 metres from the
        Huangchang Station of Metro Line 7 to its northeast,
        and is conveniently accessible to various business
        districts such as Guomao CBD, Sanlitun, Wangjing
        and Universal Studios. There are large shopping
        malls within a radius of 5 km around the project
        to meet the demand for shopping. Surrounded by
        abundant and high-quality healthcare and education
        resources, the project adheres to China Three-Star
        Green Label for green buildings, and integrates the
        concept of green living into product design.

        During the Period under Review, the project was
        launched smoothly for sale, and the number of
        contracts signed in December ranked first in
        Chaoyang District.


                                                                           Shijiazhuang Chang’an Jinmao Residence Project is
                                                                           located in the new core segment of the Northeastern
                                                                           2nd Ring Road of Chang’an District. Based on the
                                                                           family concept of contemporary young people, the
                                                                           project has upgraded the emotional scenarios and
                                                                           shaped the first Singaporean-style garden in Shimen
                                                                           in terms of landscape design by integrating highlights
                                                                           of children’s growth into the design concept so as to
                                                                           stimulate children’s imagination and creativity, thus
                                                                           carving out the space that supports children’s free and
                                                                           happy growth. As to the research and development
                                                                           of housing space, the project deeply explores and
                                                                           researches on the new generation of young customers,
                                                                           and carefully studies the ultimate living space covering
                                                                           the whole cycle of residents’ growth to allow the house
                                                                           and the family to grow together.
                                                                           During the Period under Review, the project became
                                                                           a red-hot project upon its first launch. The overall
                                                                           quality of the project was recognised by the market
                                                                           and it quickly became a quality benchmark project in
                                                                           Chang’an District, Shijiazhuang.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
54
        Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Property Development |




                                                     Suzhou Science and Technology City • Jinmao Palace
                                                     Project, located in the Eco-Tech City segment, covers
                                                     furnished high-rises, duplexes and villas, a boutique hotel
                                                     and a comprehensive commercial street zone, creating a
                                                     technology flagship community with a full range of business
                                                     formats and resources. Initiating Suzhou’s 3.0 oxygen
                                                     residence era, the project is equipped with 12 technology
                                                     systems and has obtained both domestic and international
                                                     certifications.

                                                     During the Period under Review, the project remained a
                                                     hot commodity, and the units were sold out quickly upon
                                                     first launch, making it a red-hot project in the Science and
                                                     Technology City segment of Suzhou High-tech Industrial
                                                     Development Zone.



Shanghai • Future City Project is located in the core
urban area of Qingpu District, which is close to the
People’s Government of Qingpu and various commissions,
offices and bureaus, and adjacent to Qingpu Greenland
Centre and Qingpu Sports Park with great convenience.
The project enjoys prominent location advantages with
abundant educational and medical ancillary facilities in
the surroundings. Future City project is the first project of
China Jinmao in the five new cities in Shanghai – Qingpu
New City, which serves as a solid foundation for the
subsequent development in the area.

During the Period under Review, the project was launched
two times and achieved hot sales each time. With a sell-
through rate of 100%, it quickly became a hot-selling
project in the subdistrict.




                                                                Jinhua Futian Jinmao Palace Project is located in the
                                                                financial business district, enjoying core CBD resources
                                                                and well-established amenities in the vicinity, including
                                                                Yiwu Small Commodity Market, The Fourth Affiliated
                                                                Hospital Zhejiang University School of Medicine and
                                                                Futian Park. Being China Jinmao’s debut landmark
                                                                project in Yiwu, China Jinmao and Yiwu Construction
                                                                Investment Group join hands to develop the project
                                                                in two phases. The project, which is divided into three
                                                                blocks, aims to forge the image of improved high-end
                                                                residences and to lead the transformation of urban
                                                                high-end residences in Jinhua Yiwu with eco park
                                                                living.

                                                                During the Period under Review, the project was
                                                                launched three times and achieved hot sales each
                                                                time, and was ranked second in terms of sales in
                                                                Jinhua throughout the year.




                                                                          CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                     55
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Property Development |




                                                                            Taizhou Fengcheng Jinmao Palace Project is
                                                                            located in Zhoushanhe New City, south of Taizhou.
                                                                            Situated at the central axis of Taizhou’s Hailing
                                                                            South Road and Gulou South Road, the project
                                                                            is surrounded by eight resource centres, namely
                                                                            government affairs, finance, transportation,
                                                                            healthcare, commerce, education, culture and
                                                                            ecology, and is adjacent to the city’s 1,500-mu
                                                                            green lungs – Tiandehu Park. The project has a
                                                                            total planning area of approximately 690,000 sq.m.
                                                                            which encompasses a commercial street zone of
                                                                            approximately 90,000 sq.m. Fengcheng Jinmao
                                                                            Palace is the first high-tech residential product
                                                                            in Taizhou to receive BREEAM 3-star Certificate,
                                                                            bringing a modern metropolitan living experience
                                                                            to Taizhou.

                                                                            During the Period under Review, the project
                                                                            achieved great success in the first launch and was
                                                                            ranked first in terms of sales amount of commodity
                                                                            residential units in Taizhou throughout the year.



       Guangzhou Lingshan Island Jinmao Harbour (Phase
       II) Project, another benchmark of China Jinmao in
       Nansha free trade zone, is located in the core area
       of Lingshan Island overlooking the prosperity of the
       CBD in the island centre. The U shape enclosed
       community design offers an open and unobstructed
       view. Exerting the concept from the boundless
       waterfront community in Singapore, the project
       embraces a double-waterfront landscape. Externally,
       it is immersed by a riverfront park with top ten
       themes. Internally, the two rivers form a meander
       belt, offering a river bay view from the below and a
       riverfront view from the top. The exclusive innovative
       project for the three-generation families leads new
       directions for improving human living.
       During the Period under Review, the project
       continued to achieve hot sales and was ranked No.1
       in terms of sales of units with area of over 140 sq.m.
       in Nansha free trade zone, Guangzhou, and became
       a quality benchmark in Nansha.



                                                                Wuhan Binjiang • Jinmao Palace Project is located on the
                                                                main axis of the Yangtze River and the riverfront prime location
                                                                of the 2nd Ring Road in Wuhan under national planning. It
                                                                is about 50 metres away from the river and embraces a vast
                                                                river curtain spanning about 1,800 metres. Jinmao presents
                                                                the city’s skyline large flats with quality in the form of first-
                                                                tier riverfront resources. Leveraging on the luxury gene
                                                                of Jinmao Palace series, well-known figures are gathered,
                                                                forming an elite circle. The project is within walking distance
                                                                to Jiangtan Park which boasts a five-dimensional landscape
                                                                garden with magnificent scenery both from the inside and
                                                                outside. Equipped with various smart technologies to build
                                                                a convenient and smart neighbourhood for the community,
                                                                the project won the title of the “Model Case of Research and
                                                                Display of the 2021 China Smart Community”.

                                                                During the Period under Review, more than 20 developers
                                                                were attracted to visit and study the project throughout the
                                                                year, and its annual sales amount ranked top in Wuhan.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
56
        Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Property Development |




                                              Xiamen International Community Project is located in the
                                              international airport new city • east of Xiamen University Xiang’an
                                              Campus, being the second project of the International Community
                                              series after the Beijing International Community Project. The
                                              project thoroughly understands the needs of young homebuyers
                                              and takes the theme of a Rubik’s Cube community for all ages. It
                                              is planned to comprise three scenarios and five vibrant segments
                                              where elements of living and leisure experience in each segment
                                              blend with each other to create unlimited possibilities in living.


                                              During the Period under Review, the project was ranked second
                                              in terms of the number of units sold and No.5 in terms of the
                                              area sold in Xiang’an District, Xiamen, making it the most red-hot
                                              property in Xiang’an District.




Hangzhou Qinwang Palace Project is located in the “City Eye”
block of Qinwang, which is a residential portion of the Qinwang
city complex in Fuyang built by China Jinmao. It enjoys a range
of supporting facilities for the future planning of the complex,
including a commercial complex, boutique residence, TOD three-
dimensional transportation, a 221-metre urban landmark office
building, a shopping mall, a five-star hotel, a commercial water
street and other business segments.
During the Period under Review, the project was launched ten
times and achieved hot sales each time. It was ranked No.1 in
terms of transacted amount in Fuyang District, Hanzhou and
became a red-hot property in Hangzhou with its top ranking in
terms of transacted amount.




                                        Chengdu Wuhou Jinmao Palace Project is located at the intersection
                                        of Wuhou Avenue and Zhigu Avenue in Wuhou New City, Chengdu,
                                        which is within the Wuhou New City area in the southwestern 3rd Ring
                                        Road, Chengdu and is a high-end low-density residential area mainly
                                        developed by the government. The project is the only green residential
                                        property in Chengdu that is awarded the dual certifications -“ BREEAM
                                        Certification + China Green Building three-star design label”, reforming
                                        the traditional residential living style by putting healthy life a top
                                        priority.


                                        During the Period under Review, the first batch and second batch of
                                        Phase III of the project achieved hot sales upon launch, with its sell-
                                        through rate ranking first in Wuhou New City.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              57
COMMERCIAL
LEASING AND
RETAIL
OPERATIONS
     Management Discussion
      and Analysis | Business Review

     Commercial Leasing
     During the Period under Review, the leasing of various office projects of the Group performed well. The
     occupancy rate remained high generally with steadily fluctuated rental levels.


     Occupancy rate of major office buildings


                                                                                          Nanjing
                                                  Beijing                                 Xuanwu
                                            Chemsunny                      Jin Mao    Lake Jinmao        Changsha
                                                   World                   Tower –    Plaza Phase       Meixi Lake
                                                   Trade        Sinochem     office      I – office   International
                                                  Centre          Tower     portion       portion     R&D Centre

      2021                                         97.7%          100.0%     94.4%          91.6%           100.0%
      2020                                        100.0%           96.1%     93.4%          93.2%           100.0%




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
60
          Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Commercial Leasing |




                                                Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre which
                                                is situated on Fuxingmen Nei Avenue within the
                                                financial district of Beijing, is adjacent to West
                                                Chang’an Avenue and opposite to Financial Street.
                                                It is the first premium office building in China being
                                                granted China Three-Star Green Label and USGBC’s
                                                LEED-EB platinum certification at the same time.




Beijing Sinochem Tower which is situated
at the heart of Beijing on Fuxingmen Wai
Avenue, Xicheng District, the prime location
of the business circle of Financial Street
which is less than 50 metres away from
the subway station of the Beijing Subway
Line One, is an office building supported
by sophisticated office facilities and
personalised services.




                                               Shanghai Jin Mao Tower which is situated at
                                               the Lujiazui Finance and Trade Zone of Pudong,
                                               Shanghai, is one of China’s landmark buildings.
                                               The 420.5-metre-high 88-storey tower represents
                                               a perfect combination of China’s traditional
                                               architectural techniques and the world’s state-of-
                                               the-art technology. Its superior landmark effects
                                               make the tower one of the first choices as place of
                                               business in Shanghai for prestigious domestic and
                                               foreign corporations.




                                                          CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                     61
     Management Discussion
      and Analysis | Business Review

     Retail Operations
                                                                Shanghai J • LIFE is located in the core area of
                                                                the Lujiazui CBD in Shanghai, which commenced
                                                                operation in 2005. Being the first commercial and
                                                                retail business centre in the Lujiazui region, the
                                                                project adhered to the line of portfolio based
                                                                on experience and quality of commercial and
                                                                lifestyle services, striving to attempt and explore
                                                                innovative businesses constantly, and anchored
                                                                with a variety of famous brands engaging in
                                                                catering, healthcare and nursing, sports and social
                                                                networking, and international education services,
                                                                providing unique and personalised lifestyle
                                                                services for high-end business customers.

                                                                During the Period under Review, the project
                                                                maintained its consistent commercial quality,
                                                                broke through the barriers of community
                                                                marketing through the linkage of business
                                                                districts, made use of online shopping malls
                                                                to help merchants remain in business, and
                                                                “triggered” the market hotspots with 3D LED
                                                                naked eye to actively promote the development
                                                                of community rights during the post-pandemic
                                                                period and improve the operating conditions of
                                                                the project.




         Nanjing Jinmao Mall of Splendor is located
         in the Hunan Road business district in the main
         city region of Nanjing, adjacent to the Xuanwu
         Lake subway station in Nanjing, and occupies
         the best geographical location alongside
         the Xuanwu Lake. Since commencement of
         business at the end of September 2015, it has
         become one of the dynamic, trendy, energetic
         and quality shopping mall in the main city
         region of Nanjing.

         During the Period under Review, Nanjing
         Jinmao Mall of Splendor successfully
         completed its upgrading and rebranding, and
         stepped up efforts in various areas such as
         subsequent renovation for merchants, tenant
         recruitment and soft opening. Targeting at the
         demand of young consumers, more relaxing
         and comfortable consumption settings are
         created. It has shaped the community based
         on online and offline methods, increased
         community activities, and continuously
         expanded the scale of the community, while
         maintaining stable operations of the project.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
62
               Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Retail Operations |




                                                     Changsha Jinmao Mall of Splendor is the first Mall of
                                                     Splendor under China Jinmao, which is located in the
                                                     core region of Meixi Lake, facing an excellent view of
                                                     Meixi Lake, with Meixi Lake International Culture and
                                                     Arts Centre to the east, and is seamlessly connected
                                                     with the Changsha Metro Line No. 2. Since its opening,
                                                     the project focused on the customer groups of young
                                                     families and young people in Changsha, collected a
                                                     variety of famous domestic brands, and presented the
                                                     innovative and proprietary business forms of Jinmao.
                                                     It became a gathering place for pioneer experience-
                                                     based, leisure-based and social-based business lifestyles
                                                     in central China.

                                                     During the Period under Review, Changsha Jinmao
                                                     Mall of Splendor focused on consumption demand and
                                                     consumer preference of the core customer groups. It
                                                     introduced the new membership system to conduct
                                                     interactive marketing, fully promoted the merchant
                                                     rearrangement plan, and signed contracts with new
                                                     brands and new merchants. The project performed
                                                     steadily and the operations remained stable.




Qingdao Jinmao Harbour Shopping Mall
is located at the harbour front of Jiaozhou,
Qingdao, inside the Shinan District, and adjacent
to the Qingdao harbour ferry terminal and
cross harbour tunnel of Jiaozhou Bay. It is a
commercial complex project nearest to the sea
in Qingdao region. At present, the project is a
gathering place for trendy living and integrated
with shopping, catering, entertainment and
healthcare services to satisfy the demand
for high quality, one-stop and family-based
shopping mall from residents in the region. It is
a heartwarming harbour built for family leisure
living services for 100,000 permanent residents in
the surrounding region.
During the Period under Review, Qingdao
Jinmao Harbour Shopping Mall adhered to
the improvement of both service and quality,
accelerated the introduction of emerging
business formats and brands with high revenue
contribution, comprehensively upgraded the
quality of business brands, and implemented
multiple measures to improve the rental levels
and profitability of project. At the same time,
it deeply explored the city’s memory and the
immersive experience of art display scenarios,
maintained efficient inbound marketing activities,
expanded the we media communication
matrix and member traffic pool, and drove the
continuous improvement of customer flow. As a
result, the performance of various nodes grew
significantly.




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           63
HOTEL
OPERATIONS
     Management Discussion
      and Analysis | Business Review

     Hotel Operations
     General Overview
     During the Year, the tourism and hospitality industry continued to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. In the
     second half of the year, it experienced another downturn and the performance of the entire industry fell short
     of expectations. In the face of the continuously challenging market environment, the hotel operations segment
     adhered to high-end positioning, deeply explored customer needs, increased product innovation and improved
     customer services to further consolidate its leading position in the market. In particular, the resort hotels in
     Lijiang, Chongming and Sanya continued to create differentiated featured products, accurately position customer
     groups, strengthen service quality, and focus on the surrounding tourism market. Going against the tide, average
     room rate and average revenue per available room again increased as compared with the previous year. At
     the same time, the segment accelerated the asset-light transformation, optimised the organisational structure,
     stimulated the innovation and entrepreneurship enthusiasm of employees, released five self-owned brands, and
     formulated the hotel product standardisation manual, which achieved positive results.


     Average room rate, average occupancy rate and average revenue per available room (RMB) of each hotel
     for 2021


                                                                                                                                         Meixi Lake
                                            Hilton                                                                                           Hotel,
                                            Sanya      The Ritz-        The          JW                          Renaissance              A Luxury
                               Grand    Yalong Bay      Carlton      Westin     Marriott                 Hyatt       Beijing   Lijiang   Collection
                                Hyatt     Resort &        Sanya      Beijing      Hotel    Westin      Regency   Wangfujing    Jinmao        Hotel,
                             Shanghai         Spa    Yalong Bay    Chaoyang    Shenzhen    Nanjing   Chongming        Hotel     Hotel     Changsha
      Average room rate         1,131        1,237        2,338         924         916        696         802           928    1,033          810
      Average
        occupancy rate          68.9%        71.3%        60.0%       50.2%       73.1%     66.7%        77.4%        62.6%     44.2%        58.7%
      Average revenue
        per available room        779          882        1,403         464         670        464         621           581      457          475


     Average room rate, average occupancy rate and average revenue per available room (RMB) of each hotel
     for 2020


                                                                                                                                         Meixi Lake
                                            Hilton                                                                                           Hotel,
                                            Sanya      The Ritz-        The          JW                          Renaissance              A Luxury
                               Grand    Yalong Bay      Carlton      Westin     Marriott                 Hyatt       Beijing   Lijiang   Collection
                                Hyatt     Resort &        Sanya      Beijing      Hotel    Westin      Regency   Wangfujing    Jinmao        Hotel,
                             Shanghai         Spa    Yalong Bay    Chaoyang    Shenzhen    Nanjing   Chongming        Hotel     Hotel     Changsha
      Average room rate         1,114        1,127        1,973         936         872        689         670           914      801          755
      Average
        occupancy rate          52.5%        66.9%        52.5%       33.0%       48.6%     53.0%        61.9%        41.0%     49.8%        53.3%
      Average revenue
        per available room        585          754        1,036         309         424        365         415           375      399          402




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
66
                  Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Hotel Operations |




Information of Projects




                       1                             2                               3                                    4




  1 Grand Hyatt Shanghai
    Situated on 53rd to 87th floors of Jin Mao Tower, a renowned landmark building in Shanghai, Grand Hyatt
    Shanghai was opened in 1999. The hotel was named in the Guinness World Record 2000 as the highest hotel
    in the world. Since its opening, leveraging its unique landmark location and high quality services, Grand Hyatt
    Shanghai has won over 100 hotel awards in China and from all over the world.


  2 Hyatt Regency Chongming
    Located in the east of Chongming Island, the third largest island in the PRC, Hyatt Regency Chongming was
    opened in 2014. The hotel is connected to the Pudong district in Shanghai by Chang Jiang tunnel-bridge and
    is located near Dongtan Wetland Park, which is also a migratory bird reserve. It received the Grand Award for
    Best International Commercial and Special Use Project at the 51st Annual Gold Nugget Awards applying an
    ecological design concept on commercial land.


  3 Hilton Sanya Yalong Bay Resort & Spa
    Hilton Sanya Yalong Bay Resort & Spa, which is situated at the enchanting Yalong Bay, Hainan, was opened
    in 2006. The hotel is designed and built with unique features and services to provide an “unparalleled resort
    experience”, a basic concept embodying strong southern China’s characteristics.


  4 The Ritz-Carlton Sanya, Yalong Bay
    Situated at the enchanting Yalong Bay in Sanya, the magnificent The Ritz-Carlton Sanya, Yalong Bay boasts
    the majestic views of South China Sea, miles-long beaches and pristine natural beauty. Since its opening in
    2008, the hotel has been well received by affluent global travellers and gained recognition from the tourism
    industry, and has received many awards worldwide.


                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               67
       Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Hotel Operations |




     Information of Projects




                                              5                             6                                      7




       5 The Westin Beijing Chaoyang
          The Westin Beijing Chaoyang is a 34-storey luxury hotel located in the Yansha Business Circle, Chaoyang
          District nearby Sanlitun, the central business district (“CBD”) of Beijing and home to embassies, corporate
          headquarters and retail shopping malls. Since its opening in 2008, the hotel has served numerous foreign
          heads of state sports stars and business elites, highlighting the high-end brand image of the hotel.



       6 Renaissance Beijing Wangfujing Hotel
          Renaissance Beijing Wangfujing Hotel is situated at Wangfujing Avenue and adjacent to Tian’anmen Square
          and Palace Museum. Its predecessor is Wangfujing Grand Hotel opened in 1995. The hotel adopts a unique
          dual-wing architecture design with an endless stream of spectacular palaces from the Ancient Wall of the
          Imperial City and The Forbidden City to the west and the modernised international metropolitan clusters in
          the CBD of Wangfujing to the east, blending the modern and classic into one.



       7 JW Marriott Hotel Shenzhen
          JW Marriott Hotel Shenzhen, which is located in Futian District, Shenzhen and in close proximity to the
          Shenzhen Golf Club, was opened in 2009. Its modern tropical design concept blends into the architectural
          style of the hotel and the local seasonal characteristics, making the hotel one of Shenzhen’s landmark
          superior deluxe five-star business hotels.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
68
                  Management Discussion and Analysis | Business Review | Hotel Operations |




Information of Projects




                                  8                                       9                                                10




  8 Westin Nanjing

    Westin Nanjing, which is located on 23rd to 35th floors of the South Tower in Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao
    Plaza, was opened in 2011. The hotel has 234 guest rooms each overlooking a panoramic view of Xuanwu
    Lake and Purple Mountain.

  9 Lijiang Jinmao Hotel • The Unbound Collection by Hyatt

    Lijiang Jinmao Hotel • The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, which was opened in 2014, is situated inside Jinmao
    Richmond Town at the northern end of Shangri-La Avenue, is adjacent to the Old Town of Su River and
    connects to J • Life’s exquisite commercial portion and premium quality villas.


    Jinmao Purelax Mountain Hotel, Lijiang, which was opened in September 2015, is situated in Ganhaizi, Jade
    Dragon Snow Mountain. The hotel perfectly integrates the elements of Naxi culture and modern comfort,
    creating an impeccable space for clients to admire the magnificent snow mountain view from their rooms.

  10 Meixi Lake Hotel, A Luxury Collection Hotel, Changsha

    Officially opened in 2016, Meixi Lake Hotel, A Luxury Collection Hotel, Changsha is located at the prime
    location in the State-level Xiangjiang New District adjacent to Meixi Lake International Cultural & Art Centre.
    Taking the design of “Exploring the peach garden” and blending the cultural essence of Hu and Xiang, the
    hotel leads travellers from all over the world to embark on the journey of exploring the peach garden.




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                69
TECHNOLOGY
AND
SERVICES



Technology
In 2021, relying on real estate resources and experience accumulation,
Jinmao Green Building focused on green technology research and
development, green technology consulting, smart energy and other
businesses to achieve the extension from the use of green technology
to the full-cycle operation and consulting services of green buildings,
and actively responded to the national green development goal of
“carbon neutrality” and the major development strategy of “new
infrastructure”. In addition to the regional energy business, energy
storage and peaking adjustment business, and power exchange
energy service business, Jinmao Green Building launched the data
centre business in Hangzhou and Nanjing, and won the championship
in the category of energy conservation and environmental protection
for start-ups and the first runner-up in the finals of the 10th “China
Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition” (Xiamen Division) and
the 7th “Egret Star” Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition.
Based on the data service platform, Jinmao Cloud continued to
explore and give play to digital value to serve the development of
the principal business, customer needs and government demands,
and provided six product solutions including Data Cloud, Case Cloud,
Channel Cloud, IoT Cloud, Placement Cloud and Communication
Cloud. Centring around the principal business and city operations of
the Company, Jinmao Cloud expanded related business and continued
to conduct in-depth exploration in digital map, membership platform
operations and other aspects.
Services
In 2021, relying on the investment layout of the city operations industry
chain, JM Capital followed through the mission of capital reshaping
the value of cities, continued to consolidate the core competitiveness
of financing, created diversified financing channels and gave full play
to the role of financial empowerment. At the same time, it explored
the blue ocean of urban renewal business and carried out investment
layout around China Jinmao’s city operations industry chain to empower
China Jinmao’s innovation, upgrade and industry landing in an effort
to continuously build the two main business segments, namely real
estate funds and industrial investment. Adhering to the strategic
positioning of being “a comprehensive solution service provider in
respect of the green and healthy space with smart technology”, Jinmao
Decoration implemented refined management with market-oriented,
professionalised, standardised and refined guidelines to strictly control
operational risks. Jinmao Property explored the “high, comprehensive,
new and fast” development path, focused on high-quality projects
in high-tier cities and provided a high standard of service, striving
to achieve a high-level cycle. At the same time, it possessed the
management capability of all business formats, all cycles and all fields,
and continued to advance toward the goal of being a pioneer in China’s
city operations service industry, while deeply promoting the digital
transformation of enterprises to promote the upgrading of property
services with technology, and achieved fast and stable growth.
     Management Discussion
      and Analysis | Financial Review


     REVIEW ON OVERALL RESULTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB4,689.9
     million, representing an increase of 21% compared with RMB3,881.0 million in last year. Profit attributable
     to owners of the parent less fair value losses on investment properties (net of deferred tax) amounted to
     RMB4,826.7 million, representing an increase of 49% compared with RMB3,229.5 million in last year.


     Basic earnings per share, gross profit margin (by business segment) and net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio
     are selected by the Group as the indicators of assessment on the profitability and solvency of the Group. The
     analysis of these indicators can comprehensively summarise and evaluate the financial conditions and operating
     achievements of the Group, and effectively evaluate the management’s governance level and whether the goal
     of maximising shareholders’ interests is achieved.


     REVENUE
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue of the Group was RMB90,059.9 million, representing an
     increase of 50% compared with RMB60,053.9 million in last year.


     Revenue by business segments
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December
                                                                       2021                         2020
                                                                           Percentage                      Percentage
                                                                           of the total                    of the total   Year-on-year
                                                           RMB million     revenue (%)    RMB million      revenue (%)     change (%)

      City operations and property development                  82,641.6            91       54,366.5               91             52
      Commercial leasing and retail operations                   1,563.3             2        1,461.4                2               7
      Hotel operations                                           1,638.1             2        1,257.8                2             30
      Others                                                     4,216.9             5        2,968.2                5             42
      Total                                                     90,059.9           100       60,053.9              100             50


     In 2021, revenue from city operations and property development of the Group increased by 52% over that of
     last year to approximately RMB82,641.6 million and accounted for 91% of the total revenue, which was mainly
     attributable to the increase in sales properties delivered and settled as compared with that of last year. Revenue
     from commercial leasing and retail operations increased by 7% as compared with that of last year and accounted
     for 2% of the total revenue, which was mainly attributable to the rebound in rental income as the pandemic
     subsides. Revenue from hotel operations increased by 30% from last year and accounted for 2% of the total
     revenue, which was mainly attributable to the increase in occupancy rate and room rate as the impact of the
     pandemic subsides. Revenue from others (primarily including the property-related revenues arising from the
     observation deck on the 88th floor of Jin Mao Tower, property management, green buildings technology and
     building decoration) accounted for 5% of the total revenue, representing an increase of 42% over that of last
     year, which was mainly due to the increase in revenue from building decoration, property management, green
     buildings technology.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
72
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




COST OF SALES AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN
Cost of sales of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 was approximately RMB73,302.3 million (2020:
RMB47,939.5 million). The overall gross profit margin of the Group in 2021 was 19%, which decreased by 1
percentage point as compared with 20% of last year, mainly attributable to the decrease in the gross profit
margin from the city operations and property development segment.


The gross profit margin of commercial leasing and retail operations of the Year slightly decreased as compared
with that of last year, which was mainly attributable to the adverse impact of new market supply, product
iterations and decentralization. The gross profit margin of hotel operations and other businesses increased as
compared with that of last year, which was mainly attributable to mitigation of the impact of the pandemic.


Gross profit margin by business segments
                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                         2021                       2020
                                                                                Gross profit               Gross profit
                                                                                  margin (%)                 margin (%)

 Overall                                                                                    19                         20
 City operations and property development                                                   16                         18
 Commercial leasing and retail operations                                                   84                         86
 Hotel operations                                                                           45                         43
 Others                                                                                     37                         23


OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
Other income and gains of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to approximately
RMB7,028.3 million, representing a decrease of 19% from RMB8,698.7 million in last year, which was mainly due
to the decrease in interest income, the fair value gains on the investment properties, etc. Details are set out in
note 5 to the financial statements.


In addition, during the Year, the Group transferred its equity interests in city operation projects with a value of
approximately RMB2,785.6 million, achieving a premium gain of approximately RMB1,066.2 million, which was
included in the gain on disposal of subsidiaries. As the Group regards city operations and development as its
main strategy, the unique development model of primary and secondary co-development gives the Company a
strong competitive advantage in its operation. With the further implementation of such strategy, the transfer of
projects in city operations will gradually become an important profit supplement for the Company.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               73
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




     SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES
     Selling and marketing expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 increased by 49% to
     RMB2,378.4 million from RMB1,600.6 million in last year, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in revenue in
     2021, which was due to the amortisation of sales commissions capitalised as contract costs in previous years
     during the Year along with the recognition of revenue from delivery of properties. Selling and marketing
     expenses comprise primarily the advertising expenses, commissions paid to relevant sales agencies and other
     expenses in relation to market promotion incurred in the Group’s daily operations. Selling and marketing
     expenses accounted for 3% (2020: 3%) of the Group’s total revenue.


     ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
     Administrative expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to RMB4,675.4 million,
     representing an increase of 32% from RMB3,529.4 million in last year, mainly attributable to the lapsing of
     pandemic preferential policies, exchange losses, the Group’s business expansion and the increase in general
     office expenses. Administrative expenses mainly comprise staff costs, consulting fees, entertainment expenses,
     general office expenses and depreciation expenses. Administrative expenses accounted for 5% (2020: 6%) of the
     Group’s total revenue.


     OTHER EXPENSES AND LOSSES, NET
     Other expenses and losses, net of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to RMB2,806.6
     million, representing a decrease of 36% from RMB4,381.3 million in last year, mainly attributable to the decrease
     in the amount of the provision for impairment of properties under development, properties held for sale and
     due from related parties of the Group as compared with last year. In addition, fair value losses on investment
     properties of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to RMB1,676.6 million. Details are set
     out in note 7 to the financial statements.


     On 31 December 2021, the Group reviewed the market conditions of properties under development and
     properties held for sale of the Group and its associates and joint ventures as of that date, and made provision for
     impairment of properties under development and properties held for sale whose net realisable value was lower
     than cost. The Group estimates the net realisable value of properties under development and properties held for
     sale mainly based on the latest selling prices and current market conditions.


     FINANCE COSTS
     Total interest expense of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB5,702.2 million, representing
     a decrease of 28% from RMB7,920.8 million in last year, mainly attributable to the decrease in average loans
     amount and average interest rate of loans during the Year. Among them, the interest expense capitalised
     amounted to RMB2,914.5 million, representing a decrease of 44% from RMB5,193.8 million in last year; finance
     costs of the Group amounted to RMB2,787.7 million, representing an increase of 2% from RMB2,727.0 million in
     last year.


     INCOME TAX EXPENSE
     The Group had an income tax expense of RMB5,009.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, representing
     an increase of 45% from RMB3,449.1 million in last year, primarily attributable to the increase in PRC corporate
     income tax due to the increase of profit before tax for the Year, and the increase in PRC land appreciation tax.
     The Group’s effective income tax rate for 2021 was 39% (2020: 36%), which increased from that of last year.



     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
74
                                          Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
For the year ended 31 December 2021, profit for the Year of the Company amounted to RMB7,704.8 million,
representing an increase of 24% compared with RMB6,195.1 million in last year, mainly due to the increase in
earnings of city operations and property development segment in 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021,
profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB4,689.9 million, representing an increase of 21%
compared with RMB3,881.0 million in last year, and profit attributable to owners of the parent excluding fair value
losses/gains on investment properties (net of deferred tax) was RMB4,826.7 million, representing an increase of
49% compared with RMB3,229.5 million in last year.


Basic earnings per share for the Year were RMB36.95 cents, representing an increase of 16% compared with
RMB31.86 cents in last year. The increase in basic earnings per share was primarily attributable to the increase in
the profit attributable to owners of the parent for the Year. Basic earnings per share excluding fair value losses/
gains on investment properties, net of deferred tax, were RMB38.03 cents (2020: RMB26.51 cents).


Comparison of profit attributable to owners of the parent before and after fair value losses/
gains on investment properties, net of deferred tax
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                             Year-on-year
                                                                          2021                   2020              change
                                                                  (RMB million)        (RMB million)                    (%)

 Profit attributable to owners of the parent                            4,689.9               3,881.0                    21
 Less: fair value losses/gains on investment properties
   (net of deferred tax)                                                 -136.8                 651.5                  -121
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent excluding
   fair value losses/gains on investment properties
   (net of deferred tax)                                                4,826.7               3,229.5                    49
 Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                    36.95                  31.86                    16
 Basic earnings per share excluding fair value losses/gains on
   investment properties (net of deferred tax) (RMB cents)               38.03                  26.51                    43


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
As at 31 December 2021, investment properties mainly comprised the Central and West Towers and some floors
of the East Tower of Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre, offices and retail operations of Jin Mao Tower (for
lease), office portion of Sinochem Tower, office portions 6# and 16# of Shanghai International Shipping Service
Center, office portion of Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza and Nanjing Jinmao Mall of Splendor, Changsha
Meixi Lake International R&D Centre, Lijiang J • Life, Qingdao Jinmao Harbour Shopping Mall, Changsha Jinmao
Mall of Splendor and Nanjing Yuzui Hexi Complex. Investment properties decreased from RMB33,315.4 million
as at 31 December 2020 to RMB31,564.5 million as at 31 December 2021, which was mainly due to the fair value
losses on investment properties. Details are set out in note 18 to the financial statements.




                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                 75
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




     PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
     As at 31 December 2021, the current portion of properties under development comprised property development
     costs incurred by properties under development which have been pre-sold or are intended for sale and
     expected to be completed within one year from the end of the Reporting Period, whereas the non-current
     portion of properties under development comprised property development costs incurred by properties under
     development which have not yet been pre-sold and are expected to be completed after one year from the end
     of the Reporting Period.


     Properties under development (current and non-current) increased from RMB138,829.0 million as at 31 December
     2020 to RMB144,824.2 million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to the costs newly incurred from the Shaoxing
     Jiyang Palace Project, Nantong Haitang Jinmao Palace Project, Hangzhou Fuchun Jinmao Xingwaitan Project
     and other projects under development during the Year, which were partially offset by the transfer as a result of
     the sale of units in projects including Foshan Jinmao Lvdao Lake Project, Suzhou Science and Technology City
     Jinmao Palace Project and Quanzhou Jinmao Yangguang Tanyue Project upon completion of construction.


     INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
     The investments in joint ventures increased from RMB16,319.4 million as at 31 December 2020 to RMB22,187.1
     million as at 31 December 2021, mainly attributable to the increase in investments in Qingdao Dayun Valley
     Licang Project, Shanghai Pudong Hengmian Project, etc. during the Period under Review.


     INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
     The investments in associates increased from RMB11,105.1 million as at 31 December 2020 to RMB20,335.6
     million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to the increase in investments in Guangzhou Jinmao Vanke
     Metropolis Seasons Project, Ningbo Fengyue Yinhu Project, etc. during the Period under Review.


     PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE
     The properties held for sale increased from RMB19,399.6 million as at 31 December 2020 to RMB27,477.6 million
     as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to some buildings of Beijing Chaoyang Jinmao Centre Project, Qingdao
     Jinmao Smart International City Project and Yiwu Futian Jinmao Palace Project that were completed but yet to be
     delivered in 2021, which were partially offset by the transfer as a result of the delivery of Beijing Fengtai Jinmao
     Plaza Project, Shanghai Daning Jinmao Palace Project, Shenzhen Longhua Jinmao Palace Project, etc.


     LAND UNDER DEVELOPMENT
     Land under development mainly included the land costs incurred by Changsha Meixi Lake International New
     City Project (including Changsha Meixi Lake Primary Development Project Phase I and Phase II land parcels) and
     Nanjing Qinglong Mountain International Ecological New City Project.


     The land under development (current and non-current) increased from RMB11,923.9 million as at 31 December
     2020 to RMB14,920.0 million as at 31 December 2021, which was mainly due to the costs newly incurred in
     Nanjing Qinglong International Ecological New City Project.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
76
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




TRADE RECEIVABLES
As at 31 December 2021, trade receivables amounted to RMB2,082.0 million, representing an increase of 366%
compared with RMB446.8 million as at 31 December 2020, which was primarily attributable to the fact that part of
the receivables arising from land development income has not been recovered.


TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
As at 31 December 2021, trade and bills payables were RMB28,951.6 million, representing an increase of 32%
compared with RMB21,906.8 million as at 31 December 2020, which was mainly due to the construction costs
payable for the new projects of the Group during the Year.


INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
As at 31 December 2021, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (current and non-current) were
RMB107,028.1 million, representing an increase of 10% compared with RMB97,578.3 million as at 31 December
2020. The increase in interest-bearing bank and other borrowings was due to the increase in external loans used
for new project development and issue of domestic medium-term notes.


GEARING RATIO
The Group monitors its capital on the basis of the net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. This ratio is calculated as
net debt divided by adjusted capital. Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
less other financial assets (financial products), restricted bank balances and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted
capital comprises all components of equity and the Company’s amounts due to the immediate holding company.
The Group aims to maintain the net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio at a reasonable level. The net debt-to-adjusted
capital ratios as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 were as follows:


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                         2021                       2020
                                                                              (RMB million)               (RMB million)

 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
   (current and non-current)                                                       107,028.1                    97,578.3
 Less: cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank
   balances and certain other financial assets                                     (39,744.5)                  (52,578.8)
 Net debt                                                                           67,283.6                    44,999.5
 Total equity                                                                      106,793.6                  101,827.1
 Add: the Company’s amounts due to the
   immediate holding company                                                          8,929.3                    8,828.5
 Adjusted capital                                                                  115,722.9                  110,655.6
 Net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio                                                       58%                        41%




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               77
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     The Group’s cash is primarily used to pay for capital expenditure, construction costs, land costs (principally the
     payment of land grant fees and relocation costs), infrastructure costs, consulting fees of architects and designers
     and finance costs, the Group’s indebtedness, amounts due to and loans from related parties, and fund working
     capital and normal recurring expenses. The Group has financed the liquidity requirements primarily through
     internal resources, bank and other borrowings, issue of senior notes and medium-term notes, issue of perpetual
     capital securities, issue of domestic corporate bonds and issue of new shares.


     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB31,050.6 million, mainly denominated
     in RMB, HK dollar and US dollar (as at 31 December 2020: RMB43,455.6 million).


     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of RMB107,028.1
     million (as at 31 December 2020: RMB97,578.3 million). An analysis of the interest-bearing bank and other
     borrowings of the Group is set out as follows:


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2021                   2020
                                                                                  (RMB million)          (RMB million)

      By term:
         Within one year                                                               25,081.2                27,771.4
         In the second year                                                            18,778.9                24,496.0
         In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                        41,376.9                29,516.3
         Beyond five years                                                             21,791.1                15,794.6
      Total                                                                           107,028.1                97,578.3


     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately RMB25,081.2 million were repayable within one
     year and shown under current liabilities. All of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in RMB, HK dollar
     and US dollars. As at 31 December 2021, save as interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately
     RMB59,516.4 million that bore interest at fixed rates, other interest-bearing bank and other borrowings bore
     interest at floating rates. There is no material seasonal effect on the Group’s borrowing requirements.


     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had banking facilities of RMB191,275.3 million denominated in RMB, HK
     dollar and US dollars. The amount of banking facilities utilised was RMB79,769.8 million.


     The Group’s net cash outflow of RMB9,065.7 million up to 31 December 2021 consisted of:


     A net cash inflow of RMB4,438.1 million from operating activities, which was mainly attributable to the proceeds
     derived from the sales of properties, property rental and revenue from hotel operations etc. by the Group, and
     was partially offset by the payment of land and construction costs, selling and marketing expenses, administrative
     expenses and tax expenses etc.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
78
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




A net cash outflow of RMB11,796.5 million used in investing activities, which was mainly attributable to the
investments made by the Group, including the increase in investments in joint ventures and associates, loans to
non-controlling shareholders and advance of investments to third parties, partially offset by the cash inflow from
loans to the Company by joint ventures and associates and acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries.


A net cash outflow of RMB1,707.3 million used in financing activities, which was mainly attributable to the
repayment of bank and other borrowings by the Company, payment of interest, redemption of perpetual capital
instruments, payment of dividends to non-controlling shareholders, payment of perpetual capital instruments
distributions, payment of 2020 final dividends and 2021 interim dividends, and was partially offset by new
bank and other borrowings, capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders, issue of perpetual capital
instruments and new loans from non-controlling shareholders.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings were secured by the Group’s
property, plant and equipment of RMB3,213.8 million, right-of-use assets of RMB618.9 million, properties under
development of RMB90,341.9 million, properties held for sale of RMB132.5 million, investment properties of
RMB11,881.0 million and trade receivables of RMB11.5 million.


FINANCIAL GUARANTEES
As at 31 December 2021, the Group provided guarantees in respect of mortgage facilities for certain purchasers
of the Group’s properties amounting to approximately RMB38,661.2 million (2020: RMB30,337.8 million).


In addition, as at 31 December 2021, the Group also provided guarantees in proportion to its equity interests of
29.9% in an associate in respect of certain notes issued by such associate with an aggregate principal amount
of US$66,000,000 (equivalent to RMB420,796,200), and the relevant total guarantees provided amounted to
US$19,734,000 (equivalent to RMB125,818,000) (2020: Nil).


The Group assessed that the fair value of the financial guarantees at initial recognition and the expected credit
loss allowance during the Year were insignificant.


MARKET RISK
The Group’s assets are predominantly in the form of land use rights, land under development, properties under
development, properties held for sale and investment properties. In the event of a severe downturn in the
property market in Mainland China, these assets may not be readily realised.


INTEREST RATE RISK
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates. The Group’s exposure to
the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long-term debt obligations. Increase
in interest rates will increase the interest expenses relating to the Group’s outstanding floating rate borrowings
and increase the cost of new debts. Fluctuations in interest rates may also lead to significant fluctuations in the
fair value of the Group’s debt obligations. Starting from December 2018, the Group has engaged in hedging
to manage its interest rate risk, which is expected to eliminate some of the impacts arising from interest rate
fluctuations on the Group.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               79
     Management Discussion and Analysis | Financial Review |




     FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE RISK
     Substantially all of the Group’s revenue and costs are denominated in RMB. Since 2016, the Group has changed
     to report its financial results in RMB. As the Group still has borrowings denominated in US dollars and HK dollars,
     the Group is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Starting from March 2017, the Group
     has engaged in hedging to manage its currency risk, which is expected to eliminate some of the impacts arising
     from exchange rate fluctuations on the Group. Taking into account the transaction amount under hedging
     activities and the unpredictability of market exchange rate fluctuations, the Group cannot assure that these
     hedging activities will protect the Group from fluctuations in exchange rates in the future.


     NETWORK RISKS AND SECURITY
     As computer system and the Internet play a key role in our operations, the Group has designated professionals
     to monitor and assess the potential network risks. Hardware and software are subject to tracking according to
     appropriate policies of the Company. Potential network risks and network security are major issues that draw the
     management’s attention. Accordingly, the Group has put in place policies and procedures to regulate the use
     of the Internet, physical maintenance of system power supply and regular update of the Internet security system
     and firewall, in order to isolate the Company’s intranet from outside networks. Designated professionals are
     responsible for daily monitoring of any unusual network activities.


     DATA FRAUD AND THEFT RISKS
     The Group continues to review and update the internal control system on data and information access. The
     Group has adopted appropriate policies to protect its data. Only authorised persons are allowed to login. The
     management considers that the existing policies and procedures are effectively implemented to avoid data fraud
     and theft risks.


     ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS
     Due to the nature of business, in the event of serious and permanent climate change in China, the Company will
     face moderate environmental risks. The risks may have adverse effects on property construction and operations
     and affect the Company’s market operations and the turnover of property sales.


     In addition, the impact of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has not been fully mitigated in 2021, which
     has produced an adverse impact on China’s economy, including the real estate sector, in 2021. Given the
     unpredictability of development of the pandemic, there is no assurance that the Group’s hotel operations
     and the commercial leasing and retail operations will not be negatively affected. The Group has actively taken
     measures to control the relevant costs of the aforesaid businesses, pay attention to cash flow management,
     integrate existing resources and actively adjust business plans to make full preparation for business recovery.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
80
Investor Relations


INVESTOR RELATIONS ACTIVITIES
  FOR 2021

January                                              June
Participated in the investor meeting held            Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Essence International                             by Merrill Lynch Fixed Income
Participated in the investor meeting held            Participated in the Chengdu strategic meeting held
  by Credit Suisse                                     by Huatai Securities
                                                     Participated in the investor meeting held
March                                                  by Haitong International
Announced the annual results for 2020                Participated in the Shanghai strategic meeting held
– Held analyst meeting                                 by Industrial Securities
Carried out non-deal related roadshow online         Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by Citibank
April
                                                     August
Participated in the Xiamen strategic meeting held
  by Industrial Securities                           Announced the interim results for 2021
Participated in the Suzhou strategic meeting held    – Held analyst meeting
  by Guotai Jun’an                                   Carried out non-deal related roadshow online
Participated in the investor meeting held            Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Everbright Securities                             by Haitong Securities


May                                                  November
Participated in the Beijing strategic meeting held   Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Kaiyuan Securities                                by Citibank
Participated in the investor meeting held by HSBC    Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by Merrill Lynch
                                                     Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by Credit Suisse
                                                     Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by Goldman Sachs
                                                     Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by Industrial Securities

                                                     December
                                                     Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by BOCI
                                                     Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by Haitong Securities
                                                     Participated in the investor meeting held
                                                       by Changjiang Securities




                                                              CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                         81
     Investor Relations




     COMMUNICATION WITH
     SHAREHOLDERS                                               •   Annual general meeting – the directors and other
     The Company considers that high-efficiency                     senior management of the Company are present
     communication is a key factor for establishing sound           at the meeting, answering shareholders’ inquiries
     interaction with its shareholders successfully. The            and exchanging opinions with them;
     Company has been committed to providing its
     existing and potential investors with accurate and         •   The Company’s interim and annual results
     timely information, and maintaining its communication          announcement conferences – the Company
     with investors by various means, thereby enhancing             announces its interim and annual results and
     the transparency of its information disclosure.                responds to the inquiries from investors and the
     The Company attaches great importance to the                   media;
     communications with shareholders and public
     investors to ensure them to have a good channel for        •   Voluntary disclosure of the Company’s
     voicing their opinions and advice on the Company’s             information – the Company, through different
     performance. At the same time, the Company may also            means, including investor meetings, telephone
     explain the operation of projects and its development          interviews, press releases and media interviews
     strategies.                                                    etc., announces major issues of the Company
                                                                    to the market in a timely and compliant manner
     The Company has constantly maintained a sound                  pursuant the Listing Rules and the relevant
     two-way communication with its shareholders, and               requirement of the “Guidelines on Disclosure
     provides information to shareholders mainly through            of Inside Information”, and responds to the
     the following channels:                                        inquiries from investors and analysts in a timely
                                                                    manner;
     •      The Company’s annual report, interim report and
            circulars – they are distributed to shareholders    •   Periodic meetings with institutional investors
            and investors, as well as analysts who are              and securities analysts on a voluntary basis
            in teres ted in the Com pa ny’s perf or ma n ce         – the Company provides information on its
            pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of          latest business development to attract more
            Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange              attention from the market. The management of
            (the “Listing Rules”);                                  the Company regularly participates in global
                                                                    non-deal related roadshow activities held after
                                                                    the publication of annual reports and interim
                                                                    reports to respond to queries related to its
                                                                    corporate development strategies and market
                                                                    outlook. These measures provide overseas
                                                                    shareholders with an opportunity to discuss with
                                                                    the management of the Company;




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
82
                                                                                               Investor Relations




•    Organising site visits – based on the                MARKET RECOGNITION AND
     development progress of its projects, the            HONOURS
     Company organises on-site visits for investors
                                                          China Jinmao won the award of “Grand Award
     and analysts to directly visit various projects
                                                          Winner” at the 35th International ARC Awards held
     of the Company as and when necessary,
                                                          in 2021, and its 2020 annual report won a total of 15
     and enables them to communicate with the
                                                          awards, of which 6 were gold prizes, reflecting the
     management, so as to enhance investors’
                                                          widespread recognition of the Company’s efforts in
     understanding of the Company’s development.
                                                          information disclosure and investor relations within the
                                                          industry.
In 2021, the Company’s management participated
in various investor meetings held online, to broaden
                                                          PROSPECTS OF OUR INVESTOR
its communication with international, Hong Kong
                                                          RELATIONS WORK
and Mainland China investors. During the Year, the
Company received over 100 investors and arranged          The Company will continue to progressively strengthen
over 100 investors to visit its projects in different     its efforts on investor relations to facilitate better
places.                                                   communication with public investors and analysts. The
                                                          Company is committed to ensuring the full compliance
FEEDBACK FROM INVESTORS                                   with the disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules
                                                          and other applicable laws and regulations. In terms of
The Company considers investors’ feedback highly
                                                          compliance, we will continue to deliver the Company’s
important. During the Year, the Company conducted
                                                          latest information to the investors all over the world
several summaries and analyses on opinions from
                                                          and enhance the Group’s corporate governance
investors and analysts to have an understanding of
                                                          standards and transparency in order to gain more trust
the effectiveness of its investor relations function in
                                                          and support from investors.
a timely manner. The Company will further improve
the quality of communication based on the investors’
feedback to facilitate better communication with
investors and analysts in future.




                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                 83
SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT
     Sustainable Development



     CHINA JINMAO
           SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
     Adhering to Sinochem Holdings’ core value principle of “In Science We Trust” and the mission of “Unleashing
     Future Vitality of the City”, the Company is committed to leading the city’s high-quality sustainable development
     based on its strategy of “two-wheel and two-wing driven” anchoring on leading quality, and exploring infinite
     possibilities to meet the people’s desire for a better life.




                                                                    Sustainable development governance
                                       SUSTAINABLE                  structure
                                       DEVELOPMENT
                                       MANAGEMENT
                                                                      Board of                                      ESG
                                                                                            ESG
                                                                                                                  Working
                                                                      Directors           Committee
                                                                                                                   Group



     China Jinmao has always adhered to implementing the
     concept of sustainable development, fully integrating
     the environmental, social and governance (ESG)                                          Functional centre    Relevant
                                                                                               office of the     subsidiaries
     standards into corporate management, and built a                                          headquarters
     scientific and professional ESG governance structure
     and management system from top to bottom based
     on the needs of business development, continuously
     strengthened the participation of the Board, thereby
                                                                    Board of Directors
     comprehensively improving the Company’s ESG                    As the highest decision-making body of China
     governance level.                                              Jinmao’s ESG governance structure, the Board
                                                                    comprehensively supervises the Company’s ESG-
                                                                    related matters, reviews the ESG vision, objectives,
                                                                    strategies and policies, evaluates and determines
                                                                    ESG risks and opportunities related to the Company’s
                                                                    business, and supervises and reviews the Company’s
                                                                    ESG performance.



     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
86
                                                                                                              Sustainable Development




Environmental, Social and Governance                                              Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee (ESG Committee)                                                         Working Group (ESG Working Group)
                                                                                  China Jinmao has set up an ESG Working Group under
In 2021, the Board of the Company authorised the                                  the ESG Committee, which is composed of the functional
establishment of the ESG Committee, with Mr. Li                                   centre office of the Company’s headquarters and the
Congrui, an executive director and the Chief Executive                            counterparties at the relevant departments of the
Officer, serving as the chairman of the committee,                                subsidiaries. The working group comprehensively follows
and Mr. Zhong Wei, an independent non-executive                                   up and implements various ESG tasks.
director, and Mr. Tian Jiupo, the Vice President and
CTO of the Company, serving as members. The ESG
                                                                                  Sustainable development management
Committee shall assist the Board to comprehensively                               strategies
guide and monitor ESG management, formulate and                                   China Jinmao pays attention to the demands and
regularly review ESG vision, objectives, strategies                               expectations of major stakeholders such as shareholders,
and policies, comprehensively monitor ESG risk                                    customers, environment, employees, partners and
management, material issues, progress of objectives                               communities, establishes different communication
                                                                                  channels, and always maintains good communication
and other related work, review the Company’s annual
                                                                                  with stakeholders. Giving full play to its own advantages,
ESG report, and complete other matters authorised by                              the following sustainable development management
the Board.                                                                        strategies have been determined:
                   China Jinmao established sound investors’ relations,
                   strengthened the system to safeguard shareholders’
                   interest and operated business in adherence to
                   business ethics and in compliance with the laws and                             Committed to the mission of “Build Quality for Better Life”,
    Creating                                                                       Sharing         China Jinmao executed its undertaking towards each
                   regulations while strengthening risk management and
    value with                                                                     quality with    customer to provide customers with more diversified and
                   insisting on innovative development to maximise the
    shareholders                                                                   customers       comprehensive products and services in an effort to achieve
                   returns to shareholders with sustainable operating
                   results.                                                                        the dream of future habitat and city.




                                                                                                   China Jinmao regarded employees as the Company’s
                   In pursuit of achieving win-win results with partners, China                    most valuable asset and respects their rights while
                   Jinmao took a righteous and credible stance as the                              ensuring their safety and health, creating a fair and
                   foundation of business and strove to achieve mutual                             open environment for employees and providing them
   Achieving                                                                       Progressing     with comprehensive career development channels and
                   benefits and win-win results through cooperation while
   win-win results                                                                 together with   broad development potential for their growth in an
                   safeguarding an open, fair and just marketing environment
   with partners                                                                   employees       effort to achieve enhancement in both corporate value
                   in an effort to build a win-win chain of sustainable
                   development.                                                                    and employee value.




                                                                                                   Taking the green strategy as one of the Company’s key
                                                                                                   strategies, China Jinmao continued to upgrade three
                 As part of the community, China Jinmao actively participated                      areas namely “eco-city”, “life building” and “zero-carbon
   Building      in community development and contributed to the public           Co-depending     operations” to build the “Ever Green” living model
   harmony with welfare undertakings by upholding the development                 with the         covering the whole process from design, construction to
   the community philosophy of “what is taken from society is used in society”    environment      operation with a view to establishing itself as the model
                 to contribute to the building of a harmonious community.                          of city green operator in China.



                                                 Sustainable development management strategies
                                                                                  of “2021 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers”, “2021
                                                                                  China Top 100 Real Estate Developers by Profitability
                                     SUSTAINABLE                                  Top 10”, “2021 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers
                                                                                  by Growth Top 10”, “2021 China Top 100 Real Estate
                                     DEVELOPMENT                                  Developers by Financing Capabilities Top 10”, “2021
                                                                                  China Real Estate Enterprises with Excellent Product
                                     REVIEW                                       Strength”, etc.
                                                                                  Maintaining investor relations. Based on the trust
                                                                                  and support of shareholders, we continue to improve
                                                                                  the mechanism for protecting shareholders’ rights and
                                                                                  interests and broaden the communication channels for
                                                                                  investors. We continue to strengthen communication
                                                                                  and exchanges with stakeholders, and disclose updates
                                                                                  on investment and operating condition to domestic
                                                                                  and foreign investors as requested by the laws and
Creating excellent value for                                                      regulations.
                                                                                  Enhancing investment and financing capabilities.
shareholders                                                                      We continuously explore the opportunity for financial
The Company insists on innovative transformation by                               innovation and constantly expand financing channels
stimulating corporate vitality with reform to create                              to achieve diversified low-cost financing and ensure
value for shareholders. In 2021, the Company achieved                             long-term and stable profit mechanism. We make value
contracted value of RMB235.6 billion, maintaining the                             investments with scenarios and carriers, and open up new
Top 15 in the industry in terms of annual sales scale.                            models and paths for investment to lead to production
The Company was honoured with the titles of 14th rank                             and integration of production, investment and financing.
                                                                                              CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                                  87
     Sustainable Development




     Strengthening risk control. We strictly uphold              Building the gold quality for our
     the three bottom lines of legal compliance, listing         customers
     compliance and state-owned asset supervision and
     adhere to the principle of sound risk management. We        The Company always takes “build quality for better

     build and upgrade a full-cycle and multi-dimensional        life” as its mission, adheres to the philosophy that
                                                                 “customer’s demand is our pursuit”, and continues to
     risk control system to carry out risk management work
     covering the whole process of corporate governance          think about and explore the direction of upgrading

     and the entire cycle of project management, which           the future human living. Guided by the needs of

     improves the compliance awareness and competence            customers, we continue to optimise product design,

     of all employees, enhances management efficiency,           improve product quality and upgrade service

     reduces operational risks, and facilitates the stable       experience to achieve the beauty of living and the

     operation of the Company. In 2021, 100% of the              beauty of the city with extraordinary quality.

     contracts were reviewed by legal specialists and no
     material risk event was identified.                         Improving the quality of products. We are deeply
                                                                 engaged in city operations, integrating cutting-edge

     Promoting anti-corruption and integrity. The                technologies and concepts such as smart city, smart

     Company strengthens the awareness of anti-corruption        energy and sponge city with cities. By 2021, we have

     and integrity, improves the preventive measures             implemented 33 city operation projects cumulatively,

     and reporting channels, implements the main                 continuously empowering the progress of high-quality

     responsibility list, and clarifies the division of labour   urbanisation with our leading resource integration

     with regard to the task of anti-corruption. We make         capability and city planning experience. Adhering to

     sure supervision and inspection work is carried out         the pursuit of quality, we strictly control the quality of

     properly by organising education on anti-corruption as      projects, implement fine quality control throughout all

     well as supervision and inspection on a regular basis,      stages of project delivery, continuously upgrade and

     building a solid line of defence against corruption.        implement the quality delivery guarantee mechanism,

     A zero-tolerance policy is adopted for bribery and          and deliver safe and healthy craftsmanship products

     corruption of any forms. In 2021, no event of bribery       to customers. As a pioneer of technological residence,

     nor corruption was identified.                              we are committed to creating the high-value Jinmao
                                                                 Smart Community. Starting from the living experience
                                                                 of users, we have built the standard scenarios 6+X
                                                                 matrix system of Jinmao Smart Community (smart
                                                                 pedestrian flow, smart vehicle flow, smart security,
                                                                 smart environment, smart building, smart life, X scene).
                                                                 Jinmao Smart Community creates a more convenient,
                                                                 perceptible and warm living environment and builds a
                                                                 human-oriented and livable space through high-tech
                                                                 scenario touchpoints and technology systems with a
                                                                 high sense of experience.




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
88
                                                                               Sustainable Development




Upgrading service experience. We are guided by            launching the five self-owned hotel brands and putting
customer needs, and on the basis of standardised          forward the new service concept of “from a guest to
management and services, we have been exploring the       a host”, we offer quality and customised services for
needs and characteristics of personalised and refined     the high-end brand hotel market to meet customers’
services to provide a more proactive, timely and caring   needs for consumption upgrading and create service
service experience for our customers. By building         experience with a sense of technology and quality.
the MOCO residential high-end service system, we          Adhering to the brand concept of “coexisting with
provide our customers with personalised, customised       the city”, the upgrade of the brand of Jinmao Mall of
and diversified services based on our deep insight        Splendor and the renewal and reopening of Nanjing
into customer needs. With four characteristic and         Jinmao Mall of Splendor create a trendy, artistic and
high-standard services, namely 4S houses, four-colour     diversified social life gathering place for consumers,
butlers, four-season museum and four-neighbourhood        bringing rich experience and vitality to urban life.
culture, we meet the needs of customers from basic
guarantee to emotional recognition. By officially




                          Renewal and reopening of Nanjing Jinmao Mall of Splendor




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              89
     Sustainable Development




     Strengthening customer communication. We                      platform for property owners, with the addition of
     continue to strengthen the construction of customer           functions such as service revisiting, online surveys
     service platform by enriching communication channels          and satisfaction survey, deeply reaching customers
     for customers. We improve the feedback mechanism              in a more diversified and flexible manner. We also
     for customer needs, listen to customers’ voices               initiated the “Owners as Appraisal Officers” activity,
     through various channels and forms such as the 400            inviting representatives of property owners to act as
     call centre system, Jinmao Luxuriance Platform, “Go           appraisal officers and visit the project site, check and
     Home” app, and in-depth interviews with owners. In            sum up proposals, which were fully adopted, satisfying
     2021, Jinmao Luxuriance upgraded its official WeChat          customer needs to the greatest extent.
     account to become a one-stop communication




                                         Building harmonious neighbourhood for customers with
                                  abundant community activities and creating a better community life




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
90
                                                                                   Sustainable Development




Facilitating a win-win path for our                           enterprise party + resource coordination party”,
partners                                                      we have opened up abundant industrial scenarios,
                                                              covering diversified innovation tracks to promote
Upholding the principle of “co-creating our value             the integrated development of large, medium
with our partners in pursuit of win-win results”, we          and small-sized enterprises while serving the city
actively entered into cooperation with governments,           operation technology ecosystem. Under the national
enterprises, financial institutions and research              comprehensive innovation and development pattern,
institutes at all levels to achieve diversified synergistic   the Company actively fulfils its responsibilities as a
development, with a commitment to building a                  state-owned enterprise by carrying out large-scale and
responsible supply chain and growing strong together          in-depth cooperation, supporting the innovation and
with our suppliers. We continue to optimise the               development of small and medium-sized enterprises,
“linkage” resources expansion mechanism to integrate          constantly connecting internal and external excellent
abundant industrial resources to expedite the                 innovation resources, expanding J-SPEED innovation
sustainable development of the industry.                      community ecosystem, and accelerating the two-way
                                                              empowerment of micro, small and medium-sized
Implementing transparent procurement. We                      enterprises, with a view to release industry productivity
adhere to our principles of “eco-friendliness,                with technology.
openness, standardisation and intelligence” to ensure
openness, fairness and equality of our tendering and          Facilitating cross-industry cooperation. Integrating
procurement process with the transparent tendering            our own advantageous resources and closely
and procurement platform. We endeavour to                     combining social development needs with the
optimise the green supply chain database and green            Company’s strategic development, we continuously
procurement management system and evaluate the                deepen our cooperation and exchanges with
performance of our suppliers on a regular basis with          governments, scientific research institutions, financial
the aim of continuously improving their awareness of          institutions, enterprises and other related parties. In
sustainable development and their ability to fulfill their    cooperation with industry partners such as Huawei,
responsibilities, so as to ensure the safe, healthy and       Ming Yuan Cloud, Beijing Science Construction Group,
sustainable development of our supply chain.                  COPL, DeepTech, etc., we officially launched PropTech
                                                              Link, a real estate technology alliance, with a view
Innovating cooperation models. We continuously                to continuously deepening the application scenarios
step up our exchange and cooperation with external            of PropTech (property technology) and promoting
resources, and have created the open platform                 the industry to accelerate the comprehensive digital
for innovation J-SPEED. Through the tripartite                transformation process. As of 2021, there were more
cooperation of “industrial scenario party + technology        than 1,450 active industrial resource partners.




                    China Jinmao, Huawei and other partners officially launched PropTech Link,
                                           a real estate technology alliance
                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  91
     Sustainable Development




     Building a happy home for employees                          happiness and sense of belonging to the Company.

     Upholding our value of “people-oriented”,                    Reinforcing safety responsibilities. We continue
     the Company continuously improves its talent                 to improve our HSE organisation system and
     management mechanism to provide talent support               management system, and comprehensively promote
     and mechanism guarantee for the innovative                   the improvement of HSE management through HSE
     transformation of the Company and to provide                 joint supervision, special investigation, team hidden
     comprehensive career development channels and                danger management, seasonal guarantee and other
     a broad development space for the growth of                  measures. Targeting at “four zeros”, we strengthen
     employees. We are committed to increasing the                our pre-emptive measures to build a solid safety
     value of the Company and that of our employees               defence line. Through a series of activities such as the
     simultaneously. In 2021, the Company won the “2021           “Daily Clearance and Settlement”, “Anti-terrorism and
     China Real Estate Best Employer” award. As of 31             Anti-riot Special Investigation”, “Extreme Weather
     December 2021, the Company had a total of 12,825             HSE Inspection”, “Hundred-day Safety Improvement”
     employees, of which 34.9% were female and 23.5%              and “Winter Escort”, we have deepened our
     managers were female.                                        employees’ awareness on production safety with
                                                                  heightened HSE pre-emptive measures. In 2021, the
     Safeguarding employees’ interests. Strictly abiding          Company actively promoted safety standardisation
     by the relevant international covenants as well as the       work and FORUS system construction. All subsidiaries
     relevant laws and regulations in the places where            completed the 3-star establishment of HSE, and
     we operate, we continuously improve our employee             several projects were awarded safety production
     management system, uphold the principles of equality         standardisation certification and 3A construction site
     and fairness in hiring and promoting our staff,              certification. Throughout the year, we achieved our
     eliminate discrimination and prohibit child labour           “four zeros” target, i.e. HSE “zero” fatal incident,
     and other forced and compulsory labour. We have              “zero” general and above environmental incident,
     strengthened the democratic management of our                “zero” major HSE negative public opinion, and “zero”
     employees, and developed an institutional system for         new case of occupational disease.
     democratic management and supervision centred on
     the staff council system, aiming to continuously listen      Helping employees grow. We host a wide range
     and respond to the demands of our employees.                 of vocational trainings to ignite the vitality of our
                                                                  workforce and help our employees grow successful.
     Optimising the remuneration package. We have                 We have built a multi-echelon training system, which
     improved the remuneration and welfare system for our         serves to integrate internal and external resources of
     employees and set up a more fair and equal incentive         professional lecturers and offer personalised training
     scheme, further giving full play of the stimulating effect   courses to our employees that match our talent
     of the incentive system on business growth to ensure         development needs, aiming to improve professional
     that employees’ income grows in line with corporate          business capabilities of employees in a targeted
     development and employee performance. We also                manner. We carried out special training for talents
     provide them with a wide range of benefits such as           such as “Jin Ge Students” and “Jin Ken Students”,
     enterprise annuity, long service subsidies, bonus            strengthened the competitiveness of resource
     leave and supplementary medical insurance on top of          management, and enhanced the talent echelon of city
     the basic social insurances, aiming to enhance their         operation.




                China Jinmao’s “Jin Ge Students” special training for talents for bidding and procurement line
     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
92
                                                                              Sustainable Development




Strengthening care for employees. Guided by our          all-round public welfare projects and calling on
corporate cultural values and closely combined with      management personnel at all levels and stakeholders
the actual production and operation of the Company,      to actively participate, we let the concepts of public
we organise diversified cultural and sports activities   welfare and sustainability deeply rooted in people’s
for our employees to help them maintain work-life        hearts and promote the close integration of public
balance. These activities include knowledge contests,    welfare and sustainable affairs, contributing more
themed festival and cultural events, employee birthday   warmth and care to the society.
party, etc. Based on actual needs of different groups
of employees, we provide them with personalised           Focusing on education support. The Company
care and create a positive culture and atmosphere,        attaches great importance to the assistance work in
enhancing the cohesion and combat power of                the areas we support. Adhering to the concept of
employees.                                                “Dual Support for Intelligence and Ambition”, we are
                                                          committed to improving the education environment in
Delivering boundless love for our                         rural areas where we continuously increase our input
community                                                 and effort. In 2021, the Company donated 4 “Dream
                                                          Building Public Welfare Libraries (築夢公益圖書館)” to
Adhering to the mission of “alleviating poverty,
                                                          Pingshan County, Hebei and Aru Horqin Banner, Inner
actively participating in charity and building a
                                                          Mongolia. To date, the Company has already donated
harmonious community”, the Company consolidates
                                                          a total of 27 public welfare libraries to Tibet, Qinghai,
the effective connection between poverty alleviation
                                                          Inner Mongolia, Sichuan, Guizhou and other places
achievements and rural revitalisation. We fulfil the
                                                          to change the fate of children with knowledge and
social responsibilities of a state-owned enterprise by
                                                          education. We also organised the activity of “Building
comprehensively developing various public welfare
                                                          Dreams with Welfare – Donating a Book to Pass Love,
projects and actively practising public welfare
                                                          Donating Books for Dachaidan in Qinghai Province
undertakings in an innovative manner.
                                                         (「 益」起築夢 － 捐一本書，傳遞一份愛，為青海省大柴
                                                          旦捐書)”, during which nearly 1,600 property owners
Improving public welfare management. We continue
                                                          and employees of Jinmao donated more than 11,000
to pay more attention to public welfare management
                                                          books to the youth in Dachaidan of Qinghai, sending
and increase the input and penetration of public
                                                          knowledge and hope to the children. In addition,
welfare across the Company. Making full use of our
                                                          we continued to organise employees to participate
resource advantages, we promote education support
                                                          in the one-on-one student assistance event “Dream
through public welfare and help the party building
                                                          Fulfilment Campaign (圓夢行動)”, with 1,102 Jinmao
through poverty alleviation. By carefully arranging
                                                          employees actively contributed to help students in
                                                          poverty-stricken areas realise their dreams to study.




             “Dream Building Public Welfare Library” donated to Pingshan County, Hebei Province


                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             93
     Sustainable Development




     Launching public welfare campaigns. Fully exploring         proceeds from the charity sale of the participating
     our own resources and leveraging our professional           works to Beijing Guangai School, and purchased living
     advantages, we carry out charity activities and             and learning supplies such as winter supplies and
     volunteer services. Subsidiaries at all levels join hands   electronic teaching equipment for students to improve
     with local charity organisations extensively to form        their learning and living environment. On the other
     volunteer service teams with Jinmao characteristics,        hand, following rainstorms in Henan and Shanxi, the
     which carry out public welfare volunteer activities         Company donated supplies and organised condolence
     deep in the community to convey care and give back          activities to the affected areas and flood rescue
     to the society with practical actions. The Company          units, and organised volunteers to assist the affected
     organised the “Nanfan Science and Technology                communities in transporting rescue supplies, so as to
     City Cup (南繁科技城杯)” photography, calligraphy                 help the affected people tide over the difficulties and
     and painting public welfare contest, which donated          rebuild their homes as soon as possible.




                              Public welfare student assistance activity at Beijing Guangai School




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
94
                                                                               Sustainable Development




Contributing green civilisation to the                    •    Five scenarios: “zero-carbon” healthy living
environment                                                    space, humanistic space for green display and
                                                               promotion, scientific and innovative space for
The Company has always adhered to the strategy                 the incubation of new green technologies,
of “utmost green quality”, and focused on “smart               green and low-carbon science popularisation
technology, green health” to concentrate on                    and interactive charitable space, as well
scientific research and innovation and improve green           as ecology-themed space with territorial
competitiveness. In 2021, the Company responded to             characteristics, which are used to create green
the dual carbon goal, and built a “carbon neutrality”          and low-carbon scenarios and space.
model for city operations of “people-oriented, two
drivers, three dimensions and five scenarios”:            Deepening green management. The Company strictly
                                                          abides by the Environmental Protection Law of the
•    People-oriented: we adhered to the                   People’s Republic of China, the Environmental Impact
     “people-oriented” approach to satisfy people’s
                                                          Assessment Law of the People’s Republic of China and
     desire for a better life, mobilising resources       other laws and regulations related to environmental
     from all walks of life to participate in emission    protection, and implements the “Environmental
     reduction, and forming a long-lasting and            Protection Management Guidelines of China Jinmao”
     common green lifestyle;                              to actively carry out environmental impact assessment
                                                          and management. Management measures are taken
•    Tw o driv ers: driv en by the lea ding g r e e n     to reduce dust pollution, noise pollution and solid
     technology and smart technology, we realised         waste pollution that may exist in our construction
     the upgrade of diversified city space in a green     and operations, so as to reduce pollution from the
     and healthy way through the application of           source, improve the efficiency of resource utilisation,
     technological means to build a perceptible           and reduce or avoid the generation and discharge
     zero-carbon experience scenario and the              of pollutants in the process of production, service
     creation of smarter urban space to live a            and product use, with a view to reducing the harm of
     low-carbon and environmentally friendly lifestyle;   construction, operations and other processes on the
                                                          health of our personnel and the environment.
•    Three dimensions: by following three
     dimensions of ecological cities, life buildings
     and zero-carbon operations, we introduced the
     concept of carbon neutrality into our planning,
     creating advanced demonstration building
     projects of ultra-low energy consumption, zero
     energy consumption and production capacity
     while establishing a scientific and reasonable
     system for statistics, monitoring, audit and
     management of energy consumption and
     greenhouse gas emissions;




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              95
     Sustainable Development




     Exploring green products. In 2021, China Jinmao                 Creating green buildings. We apply the concept of
     continued to carry out product upgrading featured               green, low-carbon and sustainability throughout the
     with green health and guided by smart technology.               whole life cycle of architectural design, construction
     With a view to exploring technological hotel products,          and operations. Actively advocating green design,
     a technology showroom was constructed in The                    promoting green construction and carrying out
     Ritz-Carlton Sanya Yalong Bay and opened for visit              green operations, we proactively implement green
     during the year, which verified the comfort of capillary        environmental protection requirements at every
     air-conditioning in the southernmost climate zone               stage of the entire life cycle of buildings, improving
     in China. A full-floor technology hotel showroom of             the energy-saving level of buildings to establish a
     Nansha Marriott Hotel in Guangzhou was created                  model of green and healthy living. As the Company’s
     by adoptin g industry -leading green and s ma r t               first high-tech industrial park, Jinmao China-Europe
     technologies such as capillary radiation, variable water        Science and Technology Innovation Park follows the
     temperature control, fresh air and variable air volume,         architectural design of green, healthy, intelligent and
     particle damping and vibration noise reduction, and             sustainable development, introduces the international
     mmWave detection. In response to the national call of           advanced sponge city concept, practises the
     dual carbon and the digital transformation instructions         application of green technology and carbon neutrality
     of the Company, and adapting to the changes in the              management, and creates a complete green and
     new needs of customers, we focused on the special               sustainable ecological community, which has become
     research on the post-95s customer group, and created            the first industrial park in China to complete BREEAM
     the Young era new life showroom laboratory to explore           certification. As of 2021, China Jinmao obtained a total
     new life scenarios such as fully-electrified kitchen,           of 262 green building certifications and labels, among
     magic changing table, Mini cabin and multi-screen era,          which 37 were newly obtained in 2021. This shows that
     constantly launching products.                                  Jinmao products have persistently sought to meet
                                                                     and surpass high standards and quality with regard to
                                                                     green strategy.




                              Jinmao China-Europe Science and Technology Innovation Park becomes
                                  the first industrial park in China to complete BREEAM certification




     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
96
                                                                                  Sustainable Development




Building ecological cities. Creating ecological cities   Spreading the green concept. In response to the
according to local circumstances, we inject lasting      national call for low-carbon environmental protection,
power into the sustainable development of cities. The    the Company actively promotes the concept of green
Company always adheres to the green development          development and leads the green and low-carbon
strategy and actively explores the creation of city      development of the industry. It participated in
operations carbon neutrality IP. Besides, we continue    the “17th Conference on International Green and
to increase investment in research and development       Energy-Efficient Building cum New Technologies
of smart energy, actively promote exploration and        and Products Expo” and held a sub-forum for China
practice in frontier areas, accelerate the layout of     Jinmao’s sustainable “zero-carbon” city operations
smart energy projects, and vigorously promote the use    around the theme of “Led by Technology, Empowered
of clean energy and renewable energy, contributing       by Digital, Towards ‘Carbon Neutrality’” to discuss
to the green and low-carbon development of cities. In    the path of “carbon neutrality” with guests from the
2021, Jinmao Green Building obtained a 5A certificate    industry. In Qingdao, the Company held the “2021
of “Clean Heat Supply Services Certification”. 75        China Jinmao Carbon Neutrality Conference cum
energy stations at municipality, region and project      Eastern Eden Sustainable Development Forum” to
level have been invested, constructed and operated,      discuss the corporate strategic transformation and
with a total energy supply area of approximately 40      city sustainable development path under the vision of
million sq.m., expecting to reduce carbon emissions of   carbon neutrality with domestic and foreign experts. In
over 380,000 tonnes per annum, equivalent to planting    order to deeply support the pilot project of green city
21 million trees.                                        development in Qingdao, the Company participated in
                                                         the construction of the first carbon-inclusive APP for all
                                                         people in Qingdao, encouraged and guided citizens
                                                         to practise concepts such as low-carbon consumption,
                                                         low-carbon travel and low-carbon life in everyday
                                                         life, comprehensively promoting a green and healthy
                                                         lifestyle.




                    Sub-forum for China Jinmao’s sustainable “zero-carbon” city operations




                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                 97
     Sustainable Development




     Vision of green development. In time we shape the             2.   Participation in the 17th Conference on
     city and the future is full of possibilities. Up to the end        International Green and Energy-Efficient
     of 2021, China Jinmao has applied advanced green                   Building cum New Technologies and
     and low-carbon concept in the design, construction                 Products Expo
     and operation of more than 300 projects in 53 cities               On 18 and 19 May 2021, the 17th Conference on
     across China, achieving comprehensive green and                    International Green and Energy-Efficient Building
     low-carbon transformation in the city or region as                 cum New Technologies and Products Expo was
     a whole. The past is a prologue. In the journey of                 held in Chengdu, which was jointly organised
     exploring green health and smart technology, China                 by the Chinese Society for Urban Studies, the
     Jinmao, as the leading city operator in China, will set            municipal people’s government of Chengdu,
     a “no limit” perpetual plan adhering to the principle              the US-China Green Fund, Green and Energy
     of “In Science We Trust” to revive with more cities in             Efficient Building Professional Committee of
     search of a better tomorrow.                                       the Chinese Society for Urban Studies and the
                                                                        Eco City Studies Professional Committee of the
                                                                        Chinese Society for Urban Studies. As a pioneer
                                                                        and leader in the green building industry in
                                        GREEN ACTIVITIES                China, China Jinmao has many explorations and
                                        AND HONOURS                     innovations on the road to green development
                                                                        over the years, and has been invited again to
                                                                        attend the Conference.


                                                                        At the opening ceremony of the Conference
                                                                        held on 18 May 2021, China Jinmao made a
     1.     Ranked No.1 in the List of Most
                                                                        speech around the theme of “Operation with
            Competitive Green Property Developers
                                                                        ‘Zero Carbon’, In Science We Trust”, which
            In 2021, China Jinmao was again awarded the
                                                                        introduced the green strategy and achievement
            honour of “No.1 among the Most Competitive
                                                                        of the Company, and proposed that under
            Green Property Developers in China”. The
                                                                        the new situation of dual carbon, we should
            ranking list was compiled by China Real Estate
                                                                        adhere to “In Science We Trust” and carry
            Business and the China City and Regional
                                                                        out research and application of green and
            Governance Research Institute by adopting
                                                                        low-carbon technologies, achieving technological
            criteria from three dimensions, namely Green
                                                                        breakthroughs through innovation. On 19 May
            Development Capability (GDC), Green Operation
                                                                        2021, China Jinmao held a sub-forum for its
            Capability (GAC) and Green Social Contribution
                                                                        sustainable “zero-carbon” city operations around
            (GEC) with reference to factors such as green
                                                                        the theme of “Led by Technology, Empowered
            elements, green development scale, green
                                                                        by Digital, Towards ‘Carbon Neutrality’”, which
            revenue, standards of green products, green
                                                                        introduced to the participants the Company’s
            development potentials, green technology
                                                                        innovation strategy, green health and smart
            contribution and green awards, combined with
                                                                        technology achievements and discussed with
            the data accumulated by the research team
                                                                        guests about the direction of green property
            over the years, media public opinion evaluation,
                                                                        development under the dual carbon goals.
            opinions from professional committees, industry
            big data and other opinions. Comprehensive
            analysis and integrated evaluation were
            conducted on nearly 200 real estate developers
            and associated industries, and the results were
            released at the 22nd CIHAF.


     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
98
                                                                                Sustainable Development




     At the New Technologies and Products Expo of           4.   China Jinmao Qingdao city operation
     the Conference, China Jinmao also strategically             carbon neutrality
     placed a showroom to demonstrate its green                  In 2021, China Jinmao organised a series of
     innovation strength to all the visitors. Jinmao’s           city operation carbon neutrality activities in
     green building showroom set up two display                  Qingdao. This series of activities included
     spaces of “Green and Low-carbon Lifestyle”                  carbon neutrality of projects, one platform and
     and “Healthy and Smart Lifestyle Experience”                two activities. Carbon neutrality of projects:
     under the theme of the Conference and with                  we carried out carbon emission audit for the
     two keywords “Green Health” and “Smart                      construction period of Qingdao Eastern Eden
     Technology” as the starting point.                          and the operation period of China-Europe
                                                                 Science and Technology Innovation Park in 2021,
     As a pioneer for quality city, China Jinmao                 and achieved carbon neutrality by cancelling
     will continue to promote constructions                      China’s verified voluntary emission reduction.
     of urbanisation in China through green                      One platform: the first “carbon inclusion”
     development.                                                platform for Qingdao citizens was dedicated to
                                                                 quantifying multiple low-carbon behaviours such
3.   Major award at the “China Real Estate                       as green travel and remote payment. Through
     Industry Trend Outlook cum the 22nd China                   contribution of rights and interests, Qingdao
     International Real Estate & Architectural                   citizens were encouraged to co-construct
     Technology Fair (CIHAF) for 2021”                           “carbon neutrality”. Since the release of
     On 23 December 2021, the “China Real Estate                 the platform, Qingdao citizens have actively
     Industry Trend Outlook cum the 22nd China                   participated and the daily active users reached
     International Real Estate & Architectural                   35,000 people. Two activities: on 22 July, we
     Technology Fair (CIHAF) for 2021” was held                  attended the Qingdao Green City Construction
     in Beijing, which was jointly organised by                  and Development Promotion Conference.
     China Real Estate Business, the China City and              The conference was attended by officials
     Regional Governance Research Institute, Yobo                of the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural
     Group and the CIHAF. More than 30 top experts               Development, provincial and municipal leaders,
     from the government, commerce and academia                  academicians and experts, and representatives
     gathered with elites from the first-tier enterprises        from more than 20 provinces and cities. Jinmao
     in China to discuss with outstanding enterprises            participated in the conference as an enterprise
     in the industry on how to cope with the changes             representative and helped the conference
     in the real estate industry. The list of “2021 Top          achieve carbon neutrality. On 17 December, we
     20 Most Competitive Green Property Developers               organised an online carbon neutrality conference
     in China” was also announced. With continuous               with the theme of “Greenland Qingdao, Explore
     exploration and outstanding contribution in the             the Future of Carbon” to conclude the carbon
     field of green development, China Jinmao won                neutrality activities in Qingdao in 2021 and
     the major award again in 2021, ranking No.1                 discuss the direction of low-carbon sustainable
     among the most competitive green property                   development, which attracted 350,000 online
     developers. Since 2018, China Jinmao has been               viewers, fully reflecting people’s concern on
     ranked in the top ranking for four consecutive              green and low-carbon and the influence of China
     years.                                                      Jinmao’s green brand.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               99
      Sustainable Development




      5.     A t t e n d a n c e a t t h e 2021 C h i n a U r b a n          6.   China Jinmao’s self-developed heat
             Renewal Innovation and Development                                   pump new product was launched at the
             Summit and delivery of a keynote speech                              China Refrigeration 2021, empowering
             On 23 April 2021, the “2021 China Urban                              low-carbon future by innovative technology
             Renewal Innovation and Development (Shenzhen)                        From 7 to 9 April 2021, the 32th China
             S u m m i t c u m t h e 14t h F i v e - Y e a r P l a n a n d        Refrigeration was held at the Shanghai New
             Urban Renewal Action” was held in Shenzhen,                          International Expo Center. With the theme of
             which was organised by the China Real Estate                         “Strong Foundation, Quality First, Internal and
             Association. The leaders of the Ministry of                          External Synergy, Low-carbon Development”,
             Housing and Urban-Rural Development and                              the exhibition was participated by more than
             many heavyweight experts and scholars attended                       1,200 enterprises and institutions from 10
             the event to discuss the topic of urban renewal                      countries and regions. Both the exhibition scale
             and operations in the new era. During the                            and the number of exhibitors reached a record
             summit, Mr. Tian Jiupo, the Vice President and                       high, making it one of the largest professional
             CTO of China Jinmao, delivered a keynote                             exhibitions in the global refrigerating, air
             speech entitled “Green Development, In Science                       conditioning and heating industry.
             We Trust, Operating the Future of Cities”, which
             was well received by experts and guests.                             Jinmao Green Building of China Jinmao
                                                                                  participated in the China Refrigeration for
             Vice President Tian Jiupo introduced the city                        the first time, which released and displayed
             operation model of China Jinmao, highlighting                        two self-developed super heat pump systems,
             on the sustainability of city operations and                         namely the “new heat source tower heat
             the necessity of attention to the harmonious                         pump system (新型熱源塔熱泵系統)” and the
             coexistence of human and nature. At the time                         “double turbine-type ultra-low-environmental
             when the dual-carbon goal is put forward,                            temperature air source heat pump unit (雙
             China Jinmao upholds green development, and                          級渦旋式超低環溫空氣源熱泵機組)”. In
             through scientific and technological innovation,                     particular, the double turbine compressor
             achieves breakthroughs in low-carbon or even                         and heat pump are the first in China, and
             zero-carbon technology, thereby ensuring                             the self-developed compressor technology
             high-quality development of cities and                               reaches an internationally leading level. The
             high-quality life of people. All projects of China                   single-unit heat generation capacity of the heat
             Jinmao will adopt more technological means to                        pump unit reaches 790kW, which is currently
             promote green development.                                           the turbine-type air source heat pump unit
                                                                                  with the largest single-unit heat generation
                                                                                  capacity, adapting to the lowest environmental
                                                                                  temperature, and with the highest energy
                                                                                  efficiency and the highest water output
                                                                                  temperature in China, filling the gap in the field
                                                                                  of domestic large-scale and low-environmental
                                                                                  temperature air source heat pump and attracting
                                                                                  the attention of many scholars and experts in
                                                                                  China.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
100
                                                                              Sustainable Development




7.   Participation in the 10th International              8.   Attendance at the 4th China BIPV
     Building Industrialisation of Construction                Conference winning two awards
     Exhibition Asia                                           From 22 to 24 March 2021, the “4th China
     On 24 March 2021, the 10th International                  BIPV Industry-leading Innovation Forum cum
     Building Industrialisation of Construction                Investment Promotion Conference” was held in
     Exhibition Asia was opened in the Shanghai                Tongxiang, Zhejiang, which was co-organised by
     Pudong New International Expo Center, and                 the China Photovoltaic Top Runner Innovation
     the 6th International Interior Prefabricated              Forum, the China BIPV Alliance, the Shanghai
     Decoration Exhibition Asia was successfully held          Solar Energy Society and the Zhejiang Solar
     during the same period. Leading enterprises and           Energy Photovoltaic Industry Association.
     experts in the industrialisation of construction          Jinmao Green Building was invited to attend
     and interior prefabricated decoration                     the conference and won the “2020 PV Building
     industries gathered to discuss hot topics in the          Innovation Award”, while Dr. Fang Zhenlei of
     industrialisation of construction industry and the        Jinmao Green Building was honoured with the
     future of prefabricated fine decoration.                  “2020 PV Building Leader Award”.


     Zhou Huimin, the General Manager of J •              9.   Participation in the compilation of national
     Maker (金茂建築科技), was invited to give a                     and industrial green intelligence protocols
     speech to share the experience and views on               Participation in the compilation of 1 national
     the industrialisation of construction and interior        protocol: Test Method for the Transmission Rate
     prefabricated decoration. In the first year of            of Photovoltaic Glass Modules in Building (GB/T
     the 14th Five-Year Plan, J • Maker will continue          40415-221).
     to focus on the development of construction
     industrialisation, and adhere to the concept of           Participation in the compilation of 4 industry
     open cooperation by working with peers in the             group protocols: Materials and Equipment for
     industry to explore new trends of industrial chain        Power Generation in BIPV, Testing Standards
     development. Assuming the responsibility as a             for Application System of BIPV, Intelligent
     state-owned enterprise to help the development            Photovoltaic Cloud Platform – System Integration
     of the industry, we act as a high-quality smart           Plan, and Group Standards for Technical
     technology service provider for the prefabricated         Requirements for Intelligent Renovation of Door
     industrial chain.                                         Lock in Buildings.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             101
      Sustainable Development




      10. Other honours in 2021                                                  •   Wuhan Fangdao Jinmao Smart Science City
             •      China Jinmao won the 2021 China                                  was awarded the 2021 Top Ten Benchmark
                    Low-carbon Real Estate Pioneer Award                             Healthy Building Projects (iGreen.org).
                    (iGreen.org).
                                                                                 •   Qingdao Eastern Eden Project won the
             •      J • Maker was awarded the third prize of the                     BREEAM China Innovative Award.
                    3rd Central Enterprises Yi Xing Innovation
                    and Creativity Competition and the 2021                      •   Fangdao Jinmao Smart Science City Project
                    Scientific and Technological Innovation                          was awarded the low-carbon demonstration
                    Enterprise by cnr.cn.                                            pilot project in Wuhan.


             •      Quietime (廈門環寂高科有限公司) won the                                •   In 2021, Jinmao Green Building obtained
                    championship in the energy conservation                          10 invention patents, 35 utility model
                    and environmental protection field and                           patents, 11 appearance design patents and
                    the first runner-up in the finals of the 10th                    1 software copyright in the field of green
                    “China Innovation and Entrepreneurship                           and smart technology, while J • Maker
                    Competition” (Xiamen Division) cum                               obtained 1 invention licence and 7 utility
                    t h e 7t h “ E g r e t S t a r ” I n n o v a t i o n a n d       model patents in the field of prefabricated
                    Entrepreneurship Competition.                                    construction.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
102
Profile of Directors and
  Senior Management




                         Mr. NING Gaoning
                         Chairman and
                         Non-executive Director




Mr. NING, who was born in November 1958, joined the      Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
Company in May 2016 as Chairman and Non-executive        Exchange with stock code: 600743) until November
Director. Mr. Ning is currently a standing committee     2014 and an independent non-executive director
member of the 13th National Committee of the             of BOC Hong Kong (Holdings) Limited (stock code:
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.      02388) until October 2014. Mr. NING has over 30
Mr. NING joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in January      years of experience in real estate development and
2016, and currently serves as the chairman of the        investment, business management, capital market
board of directors of Sinochem Holdings Corporation      and discipline inspection and internal control. Mr.
Ltd., Sinochem Corporation and Sinochem Hong Kong        NING graduated from Shandong University in China
(Group) Co., Ltd. He also serves as the chairman of      with a bachelor’s degree in Politics and Economics in
the board of directors of Far East Horizon Limited       1983 and graduated from University of Pittsburgh in
(stock code: 03360). Mr. NING served as the chairman     the United States with a master’s degree in Business
of the board of directors of Sinofert Holdings Limited   Administration in 1986. He was awarded the title of
(stock code: 00297) from March 2016 to December          economist and senior international business engineer
2016. From October 1986 to December 2004, Mr.            in 1987 and 2007, respectively. Mr. NING was a
NING held various senior positions in China Resources    member of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline
(Holdings) Co., Ltd., including business manager and     Inspection of the Communist Party of China (CPC)
deputy general manager of enterprise development         and a member of the “13th Five-Year Plan” National
department, director and deputy general manager          Development Planning Expert Panel. Currently, Mr.
and vice chairman and general manager. Mr. NING          NING is a co-chairman of APEC Business Advisory
served as the chairman of the board of directors         Council (ABAC), chairman of APEC China Business
of COFCO Corporation and director of its certain         Council, and an executive director of the International
subsidiaries from December 2004 to January 2016. Mr.     Chamber of Commerce (ICC). Mr. NING was awarded
NING held various positions such as chairman of the      “CCTV China Economic Person of the Year” for
board of directors of China Mengniu Dairy Company        three times, China’s “Annual Top 25 Most Influential
Limited (stock code: 02319) and non-executive            Business Leader Awards” by China Entrepreneur
director of China Foods Limited (stock code: 00506),     for 10 consecutive years, “China’s Most Influential
China Agri-Industries Holdings Limited (stock            Business Leaders” by Fortune, “Asia Business Leader
code: 00606) and CPMC Holdings Limited (stock            Awards” by CNBC, and “Asian Corporate Director” by
code: 00906) until February 2016. In addition, Mr.       Corporate Governance Asia. From 2007 to the present,
NING also served as an executive director of China       Mr. NING has been a delegate of the 17th, 18th and
Foods Limited until November 2013. Mr. NING was          19th National Congress of the CPC respectively.
also an independent director of Huayuan Property




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             103
      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                      Mr. YANG Lin                                        Mr. AN Hongjun
                                      Non-executive                                       Non-executive
                                      Director                                            Director




      Mr. YANG, who was born in January 1964, joined             Mr. AN, who was born in July 1975, has been a
      the Company in February 2014 as a non-executive            non-executive Director of the Company since
      Director. Mr. YANG joined Sinochem Group                   November 2015. Mr. AN joined New China Asset
      Co., Ltd. in 1994 and had held various positions,          Management Corporation Limited in May 2010 and
      including deputy general manager of the finance and        served successively as the deputy general manager
      accounting departments, general manager of the             of the project investment department (in charge of
      finance department, deputy general manager of the          daily operations) and the general manager of the
      investment and development departments, general            international business department. He has been an
      manager of the fund management department, deputy          executive director and the president of New China
      chief accountant of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd., and          Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited since April
      deputy chief financial officer of Sinochem Corporation.    2013. Mr. AN has served as a non-executive Director of
      Since April 2021, Mr. YANG has been the chief              Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. (stock code: 02611;
      accountant of Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd.           a company also listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange,
      and a director and chief financial officer of Sinochem     stock code: 601211) since December 2019. Prior to
      Corporation. He also holds directorships and senior        joining New China Asset Management Corporation
      management positions in various subsidiaries and/or        Limited, Mr. AN had held various positions, including
      affiliates of Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. Mr.       project manager, macro researcher and research
      YANG was a supervisor of China State Construction          analyst, in Northeast Securities Co., Ltd., The People’s
      Engineering Corporation Limited (a company listed          Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and
      on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 601668)        China Life Franklin Asset Management Company
      from 2007 to 2010. Mr. YANG was a non-executive            Limited. Mr. AN has over 15 years of practical
      director of Sinofert Holdings Limited (stock code:         experience in securities, insurance and investment
      00297) from 2010 to 2020. Since October 2009, Mr.          sectors, and has mastered a general knowledge in
      YANG has been a non-executive director of Far East         macroeconomics, securities investment and real estate
      Horizon Limited (of which Sinochem Group Co., Ltd.         industries, and had in-depth research on corporate
      is a substantial shareholder, stock code: 03360). Mr.      governance, development strategies, etc. Mr. AN
      YANG has been a director of Sinochem International         obtained his bachelor’s degree in Economics at Jilin
      Corporation, a subsidiary of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd.      University in 1998, and a master’s degree in Economics
      (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,          at Jilin University in 2002, and then the doctor’s
      stock code: 600500) since June 2010. Mr. YANG has          degree in Economics at Jilin University in 2006. Mr.
      over 20 years of experience in fund management. Mr.        AN obtained the Securities Practitioner Qualification
      YANG worked at Siemens AG and Wella AG from 1993           Certificate issued by the Securities Association of
      to 1994. Mr. YANG graduated from Tianjin University        China and the license to carry on businesses including
      of Commerce with a bachelor’s degree in Commercial         advising on securities and asset management granted
      Enterprise Management in 1985. He pursued a study          by Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong.
      of enterprise management courses in University of
      Stuttgart in Germany from 1990 to 1993.
      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
104
                                                    Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                        Mr. CHENG Yong                                              Mr. LIU Pengpeng
                        Non-executive                                               Non-executive
                        Director                                                    Director




Mr. CHENG, who was born in November 1973, has             Mr. LIU, who was born in October 1972, has been
been a non-executive Director of the Company              a non-executive Director of the Company since
since August 2020. He joined the strategic planning       March 2022. Mr. LIU joined Ping An Real Estate
department of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in August          Company Limited in March 2015 and held various
1999. He served as an assistant to the general            senior positions including the general manager
manager, the deputy general manager and the
                                                          of its Beijing office, the general manager of the
general manager of the strategic planning department
of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. from August 2002 to           commercial property department and the shopping
December 2016, the vice president of the agricultural     mall department, and the deputy chief operating
business department of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd.           officer. He is currently the general manager of the
from January 2017 to October 2018, and the managing       asset management center of the commercial property
director of Sinochem Agriculture Holdings Limited         and office department and the managing director
from October 2015 to October 2018. Mr. CHENG has          of the asset management department. Prior to
been the deputy director of the human resources           joining Ping An Real Estate Company Limited, Mr.
department of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. since              LIU worked successively in various well-known real
October 2018, and the executive vice president of         estate groups such as China Overseas Development
Sinochem Innovation Management Institute (中化
                                                          Company Limited, Shenzhen Yitian Group Co., Ltd.,
創新管理學院) since December 2018. He has been
the director of the human resources department of         COFCO Property (Group) Co., Ltd. and KWG Group
Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. and the executive      Holdings Limited from 1995, and held various positions
vice president of Sinochem Innovation Management          including project architect, head of design department
Research Institute (中化創新管理研修院) since April                and group vice president. Mr. LIU has been a non-
2021. Mr. CHENG has also been a director of a number      executive director of Landsea Green Properties Co.,
of subsidiaries of Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd.,    Ltd. (stock code: 00106) since June 2021. Mr. LIU has
including China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co.,      over 25 years of experience in real estate design and
Ltd. and Sinochem Capital Co., Ltd. since May 2012.       development, management and operation. Mr. LIU
Mr. CHENG has over 20 years of extensive experience       obtained a bachelor’s degree of urban planning from
in economic and trade, agricultural industry, corporate
                                                          Tongji University in 1995 and a master’s degree from
strategy and human resources management. Mr.
CHENG obtained a bachelor’s degree in international       Central Academy of Fine Arts in 2014.
trade from the department of economics and trade
of Anhui Institute of Finance and Trade in 1994, a
master’s degree in business economics from the
department of economics and trade of Anhui Institute
of Finance and Trade in 1996, a doctoral degree in
applied economics from the department of finance
and trade of the Graduate School of Chinese Academy
of Social Sciences in 1999, and an executive master’s
degree in business administration from Xiamen
University in 2008. Mr. CHENG is a senior economist,
a Chinese certified public accountant (CPA) and a
qualified lawyer in the PRC.



                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              105
      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                    Mr. LI Congrui                                        Mr. JIANG Nan
                                    Executive Director and                                Executive Director and
                                    Chief Executive Officer                               Chief Financial Officer




      Mr. LI, who was born in March 1971, joined the             Mr. JIANG, who was born in April 1973, joined the
      Company in April 2009 as Vice President. Mr. LI has        Company in January 2006 as the Chief Financial
      been serving as an executive Director of the Company       Officer of the Company and has been involved in
      since June 2011 and an executive Director and the          the day-to-day management of the Company since
      Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January       then. Mr. JIANG served as an executive Director
      2013. Mr. LI also holds positions in a number of           of the Company from 2007 to 2011, and has been
      subsidiaries of the Company. He has been serving           redesignated as an executive Director of the Company
      as a non-executive director of Jinmao (China) Hotel        since August 2015. Mr. JIANG also holds positions in
      Investments and Management Limited (a company              a number of subsidiaries of the Company, including a
      delisted from The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong              director and the general manager of Jinmao Capital
      Limited in October 2020, stock code before the             Holding Limited, and a non-executive director of
      delisting: 06139) and Jinmao (China) Investments           Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments and Management
      Manager Limited since March 2014, and has been             Limited (a company delisted from The Stock Exchange
      the chairman of the board of directors since April         of Hong Kong Limited in October 2020, stock code
      2016. Mr. LI also has been serving as the chairman         before the delisting: 06139) and Jinmao (China)
      of the board of directors of Sinochem Franshion            Investments Manager Limited, an non-executive
      Properties (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and an executive director   director and the chairman of Jinmao Property Services
      of Shanghai Jinmao Investment Management Group             Co., Limited (stock code: 00816). He is in charge of the
      Co., Ltd. Mr. LI joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd.           direction and management of the Company’s strategic
      in 1997, and had held various senior management            operations, accounting and finance, capital market,
      positions in Shanghai Orient Terminal Co., Ltd.            investor relations and budget assessment. He joined
      and Sinochem International Industrial Corp. From           Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in August 1995 and worked
      2003 and prior to joining the Company, Mr. LI was          in the finance department of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd.
      a director and the general manager of Zhoushan             from 1995 to 2002. He was the Treasurer of Sinochem
      State Oil Reserve Base Company Limited. Mr. LI has         Hong Kong (Group) Company Limited from August
      over 25 years of experience in strategy management,        2002 to January 2006, responsible for handling the
      corporate governance, organisational construction,         financial management and investment projects, and
      appraisal and analysis on project investment, project      the operation of overseas funds of Sinochem Group
      management and large project construction. Mr. LI          Co., Ltd. Mr. JIANG has over 25 years of experience
      obtained a bachelor’s degree in Petroleum Geology          in corporate finance and accounting management.
      and Exploration from the Petroleum Department of           Mr. JIANG earned a bachelor’s degree in finance
      China University of Geosciences (Wuhan) in 1994. He        from China Institute of Finance in 1995 and a master’s
      earned a master’s degree in Petroleum Development          degree in finance from Central University of Finance
      from the Research Institute of Petroleum Exploration       and Economics in 2003. He obtained the Accounting
      & Development in 1997 and an Executive Master of           Qualification Certificate in 1999 and is now an
      Business Administration degree from China Europe           associate member of the Association of International
      International Business School (CEIBS) in 2007.             Accountants (AIA).


      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
106
                                                  Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                        Mr. SONG Liuyi                                             Mr. SU Xijia
                        Executive Director and                                     Independent
                        Senior Vice President                                      non-executive Director




Mr. SONG, who was born in November 1975, joined         Mr. SU, who was born in September 1954, has been
the Company as the assistant to the president of the    an independent non-executive Director of the
                                                        Company since March 2007. He was an assistant
Company in May 2011 and became the vice president
                                                        professor in 1996 and subsequently an associate
of the Company in January 2013. He has been serving     professor in the Department of Accountancy of City
as the senior vice president of the Company since       University of Hong Kong. He has joined China Europe
March 2017, and has been an executive Director of       International Business School (CEIBS) since July 2010
                                                        as a professor of accounting. His research focuses
the Company since August 2017. Mr. SONG also holds      on corporate governance and auditing practices of
positions in a number of subsidiaries of the Company,   PRC listed companies. He has also been appointed
including the director and the general manager of       as the special researcher by the CICPA since 2005. He
Sinochem Franshion Properties (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and   has given lectures at the China Securities Regulatory
                                                        Commission, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the
Jin Mao Northern Enterprises Management (Tianjin)       Shenzhen Stock Exchange, major commercial
Company Limited (金茂北方企業管理(天津)有限公司).                     banks and various universities in China. He was
Mr. SONG joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in 2001        an independent director of World Union Property
and worked at the investment business department of     Consultancy (China) Limited (a company listed on
                                                        the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002285)
Sinochem International Corporation, the investment      from 2007 to 2013, and an independent director of
department and general office of Sinochem Group         Huazhong In-vehicle Holdings Company Limited
Co., Ltd. Mr. SONG has over 20 years of experience      (stock code: 06830) from 2011 to 2013. From 2010 to
                                                        2016, he served as an independent director of Sundy
in project investment, real estate development
                                                        Land Investment Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
and corporate management. Mr. SONG obtained             Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 600077). From
a bachelor’s degree in high polymer materials and       2011 to 2017, he served as an independent director of
processing from the Beijing Institute of Technology     Shenzhen Ellassay Fashion Co., Ltd. (a company listed
                                                        on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 603808),
in 1998 and a master’s degree in materials from the
                                                        and from 2014 to 2017, he served as a non-executive
Beijing Institute of Technology in 2001.                director of Jiangsu Changbao Steel Tube Co., Ltd.
                                                        (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange,
                                                        stock code: 002478). Mr. SU has been serving as an
                                                        independent director of Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. since
                                                        2017, an independent director of Opple Lighting
                                                        Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                                        Exchange, stock code: 603515) and Fujian Sanmu
                                                        Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen
                                                        Stock Exchange, stock code: 000632) since June
                                                        2018, and an independent director of Oriental Pearl
                                                        Media Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai
                                                        Stock Exchange, stock code: 600637) since May 2021.
                                                        Mr. SU has over 25 years of experience in corporate
                                                        governance and accounting practice. Mr. SU earned
                                                        a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Xiamen
                                                        University in 1982. He obtained his PhD degree from
                                                        Concordia University of Canada in 1996.


                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            107
      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                   Mr. SUEN Man Tak                                      Mr. GAO Shibin
                                   Independent                                           Independent
                                   non-executive Director                                non-executive Director




      Mr. SUEN, who was born in June 1958, has been an           Mr. GAO, who was born in March 1964, has been an
      independent non-executive Director of the Company          independent non-executive Director of the Company
      since November 2020. He has extensive experience           since November 2015. Mr. GAO is currently an
      in the enforcement of securities and futures related       independent consultant of enterprise strategy and
      legislation as well as commercial crime investigations.    investment expansion in the real estate field. Mr. GAO
      Mr. SUEN had served with the Securities and Futures        served as an independent non-executive Director of
      Commission of Hong Kong for more than 17 years.            the Company from July 2007 to June 2011. Mr. GAO
      He is now a practicing barrister-at-law specializing       worked for Jones Lang LaSalle Beijing from April
      in litigation and advisory matters in relation to the      2003 to May 2008 and was a national director before
      Securities and Futures Ordinance, the Codes on             departure. He served as the managing director for
      Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs, the             China of Standard Chartered Asia Real Estate Fund
      Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The           Management Company from June 2008 to September
      Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Code              2009. He was the managing director of Tishman Speyer
      of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered           Properties and the general manager of its Beijing
      with the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong         branch from October 2009 to October 2015. Mr.
      Kong, market misconduct, white collar crimes and           GAO worked as a project manager, a senior business
      anti-money laundering activities. Mr. SUEN has been        manager and a senior investment manager for several
      an independent non-executive director of Sino-Ocean        investment and project management companies in
      Group Holding Limited (stock code: 03377) since            the UK, Hong Kong and Canada between 1996 and
      December 2015, and an independent non-executive            2003. Mr. GAO has over 25 years of experience in
      director of Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd. (stock code:      real estate development and investment, real estate
      02899) since December 2019. Mr. SUEN has been              finance and asset management. Mr. GAO obtained a
      appointed as an independent director of Inception          bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering and a master’s
      Growth Acquisition Limited, a company listed on the        degree in Building Economics and Management from
      NASDAQ Global Market since 9 December 2021 (stock          Tsinghua University in 1987 and 1989, respectively. He
      code: IGTAU). Mr. SUEN received his master’s degree        obtained his PhD degree in Property Development
      in accountancy from the Charles Sturt University,          and Management from the University of Manchester
      Australia in September 1996. He further obtained a         in the UK in 1998. Mr. GAO is a member of the Royal
      degree of juris doctor in July 2010 and a postgraduate     Institution of Chartered Surveyors and an assessor of
      certificate in laws in July 2011, both from the City       its membership qualification.
      University of Hong Kong. He was called to the Hong
      Kong Bar in February 2013. Mr. SUEN has been a
      member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
      Accountants since July 1998 and a member of the
      Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute since
      April 1999.

      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
108
                                                    Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                         Mr. ZHONG Wei                                               Mr. ZHANG Hui
                         Independent                                                 Senior Vice President
                         non-executive Director




Mr. ZHONG, who was born in February 1969, has             Mr. ZHANG, who was born in October 1970, has
been an independent non-executive Director of the         been a vice president of the Company since January
Company since August 2020. Mr. ZHONG has been             2010. From March 2014 to October 2017, he was
a professor of the department of finance of the           redesignated as the chief executive officer and
Business School of Beijing Normal University since        executive director of Jinmao Hotel and Jinmao
July 2003. Prior to that, Mr. ZHONG served as an          (China) Hotel Investments and Management Limited (a
assistant engineer at Wuxi Alarm Devices Factory          company delisted from The Stock Exchange of Hong
from July 1990 to July 1992, a lecturer at the Business   Kong Limited in October 2020, stock code before
School of Jiangnan University from July 1994 to July      the delisting: 06139) and Jinmao (China) Investments
1997, and an associate professor of the Business          Manager Limited, and he has been redesignated as
School of Beijing Normal University between 1999          a non-executive director of these companies since
and 2003. Mr. ZHONG served as an independent              October 2017. Mr. ZHANG has served as the senior
director of Dongxing Securities Co., Ltd. (a company      vice president of the Company since October 2017.
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code:        Mr. ZHANG is currently a director of a number of
601198) from August 2010 to March 2017, and has           subsidiaries of the Company including China Jin
been an independent non-executive director of China       Mao (Group) Company Limited. Mr. ZHANG joined
Resources Land Limited (stock code: 01109) since April    Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in 2002 and held a number
2017, an independent non-executive director of Seazen     of senior positions including the general manager
Group Limited (stock code: 01030) since December          of Shanghai Orient Terminal Co., Ltd. Before joining
2014, and an independent non-executive director of        Sinochem Group Co., Ltd., he worked at Shanghai
Yunnan Water Investment Co., Limited (stock code:         Offshore Petroleum Bureau of China Petrochemical
06839) since November 2020. Mr. ZHONG has over            Corporation from 1995 to 2002. Mr. ZHANG has
20 years of experience in the areas of corporate          over 25 years of experience in large-scale project
governance, finance and real estate research. Mr.         development and management, project investment
ZHONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in science from        planning and corporate governance. Mr. ZHANG
the department of physics of Nanjing University in        graduated from China University of Geosciences
1990, a master’s degree in management engineering         (Wuhan) with a bachelor’s degree in oil and gas
from the School of Economics and Management of            reservoir engineering in June 1995 and obtained an
Southeast University in 1994, a doctoral degree in        executive master’s degree in business administration
economics from Beijing Normal University in 1999, and     from China Europe International Business School
a post-doctoral degree in management science and          in September 2008. He obtained the Professional
engineering from Tongji University in 2004.               Certificate of Specialty and Technology and was
                                                          awarded with the title of Senior Economist in
                                                          December 2011. He was a delegate in the 14th Session
                                                          of the Shanghai Municipal People’s Congress.



                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             109
      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                      Mr. TAO Tianhai                                     Mr. WEI Zhe
                                      Senior Vice President                               Senior Vice President




      Mr. TAO, who was born in October 1975, has been            Mr. WEI, who was born in June 1970, has been a vice
      a vice president of the Company since January 2017         president of the Company since January 2017 and a
      and a senior vice president of the Company since           senior vice president of the Company since October
      October 2017. Upon joining China Jin Mao (Group)           2017. Upon joining the Company in October 2013,
      Co., Ltd. in July 2000, Mr. TAO has served as the          he served as an assistant to the president of the
      manager of planning management at the corporate            Company. He is currently the chairman, executive
      planning department and the general manager of the         director and general manager of a number of
      strategic planning department. He successively served      subsidiaries of the Company, including Guangzhou
      as the general manager of the strategic operations         Jinmao Properties Co., Ltd. and Foshan Maoxing
      department, general manager of the cost contracting        Property Development Co., Ltd. Mr. WEI began his
      department and assistant to the president of the           career in July 1991. He was the deputy secretary of the
      Company from October 2009. Mr. TAO currently serves        Youth League General Branch of the Design Review
      as an executive director and chairman of a number          Office of Shaanxi Provincial Planning Commission
      of subsidiaries of the Company, including Jinmao           from July 1991 to May 1995. He worked at China State
      (Shanghai) Real Estate Co., Ltd., Franshion Properties     Construction Engineering Corporation Limited from
      (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd., Franshion Properties (Ningbo)        May 1995 to October 2013, during which he served as
      Co., Ltd. and Franshion Properties (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.      the architectural designer and the person-in-charge
      Mr. TAO has more than 15 years of experience in hotel      of project design of China Construction Northwest
      and real estate development and management, and            Design & Research Institute, senior architect of
      accumulated extensive practical experience in areas        the planning and design centre of China Overseas
      of corporate management, strategic management,             Property Group Co., Ltd., director and deputy chief
      operations management, etc. Mr. TAO obtained               architect of China Overseas Property (Xi’an) Co., Ltd.,
      a bachelor’s degree in Information Management              deputy director of design of China Overseas Property
      from Northeast Normal University in July 1997 and a        Group Co., Ltd. (North China), and director and design
      master’s degree in Economics from Fudan University in      director of China Overseas Property Chongqing Co.,
      July 2000.                                                 Ltd. He served as the general manager of China State
                                                                 Construction Land, Changsha Branch and general
                                                                 manager of Changsha CSC Investment Co., Ltd. from
                                                                 July 2011 to October 2013. Mr. WEI is a Grade-1
                                                                 registered architect and has accumulated more than
                                                                 20 years of extensive experience in design and real
                                                                 estate project development and management. Mr.
                                                                 WEI obtained a bachelor’s degree in Architecture from
                                                                 North-western Institute of Architectural Engineering in
                                                                 July 1991.



      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
110
                                                    Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                       Mr. LIU Guanghua                                              Mr. LIAO Chi Chiun
                       Senior Vice President                                         Company Secretary




Mr. LIU, who was born in March 1974, joined the           Mr. LIAO, who was born in January 1968, has been the
Company in August 2015 as the secretary of the            Chief Accountant, Qualified Accountant and Company
disciplinary committee, and has been a senior vice        Secretary of the Company since March 2007. Prior to
president of the Company since June 2021. Mr. LIU         joining the Company, he served as an accountant of
is currently the chairman of the board of directors       SEA Holdings Limited between 1997 and 2006. He has
of Shanghai Jin Mao Construction & Decoration             over 20 years of experience in Hong Kong and PRC
Company Limited. From July 1997 to September              accounting practice relating to property leasing and
2002, Mr. LIU worked at Liaohe Oilfield Huayou Oil        development. Mr. LIAO earned a BA (Hons) degree
Company* (遼河油田華油公司) and successively served               in Accounting from De Montfort University, England
as staff member, technician and deputy plant manager.     in 1995. He is a fellow member of the Association of
Mr. LIU joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in July           Chartered Certified Accountants and an associate
2004 and has successively held various management         member of the HKICPA.
positions in the human resources department of
Sinochem Group, Sinochem Hebei Import & Export
Company* (中化河北進出口公司), Sinochem Quanzhou
Petrochemical Co., Ltd. and Sinochem Hongrun
Petrochemical Co., Ltd.* (中化弘潤石油化工有限公
司). Mr. LIU has extensive practical experience in
strategic management, corporate operation and
discipline inspection and supervision. Mr. LIU obtained
a bachelor’s degree in petroleum processing from
Beijing Institute of Petrochemical Technology in July
1997 and a master’s degree in business administration
from Dalian University of Technology in July 2004.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             111
      Corporate Governance
      Report


      CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
      Since its establishment, the Company has been committed to enhancing the level of its corporate governance.
      The Company has adopted its own code on corporate governance which sets out all code provisions and most
      of the recommended best practices set out in the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 14 to the Listing
      Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”). The Company will continue to improve its corporate governance
      practices, focusing on maintenance and enhancement of the management quality of the Board, internal control
      and high transparency to shareholders, so as to increase the confidence of shareholders in the Company. The
      Company believes that good corporate governance is crucial to maintaining its long-term healthy and sustainable
      development and is vital for the interests of its shareholders.


      In 2021, the Company complied with all provisions of its own code on corporate governance, except for
      paragraphs F.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. Pursuant to the requirements of paragraph F.2.2 of the
      Corporate Governance Code, the chairman of the Board shall attend the annual general meeting. Mr. NING
      Gaoning, the Chairman of the Company, has not been able to attend the 2020 annual general meeting of the
      Company due to other business commitments. Mr. LI Congrui, an executive Director and the Chief Executive
      Officer of the Company, chaired the meeting on his behalf.


      BOARD OF DIRECTORS
      The Board is accountable to the shareholders and is responsible for the Group’s overall strategy, internal control
      and risk management system. In order to fulfil its responsibilities, the Board has established and adhered to
      explicit operating policies and procedures, reporting hierarchy and delegated authority. The management is
      authorised to handle the daily operations of the Group.


      The Board is responsible for managing the overall business of the Company and overseeing the functions
      performed by the subordinate special committees. In particular, the internal control practices are mainly reflected
      in the following areas:


      •      management and monitoring of the Group’s assets, liabilities, revenues and expenditures as well as
             proposing changes in areas critical to the Group’s performance;


      •      strategic capital investments and new projects – the implementation of stringent project review and
             approval process, purchasing and tendering procedures and diligent assessment of its implementation
             upon completion;


      •      financial and operational performance – through overall strategic planning, the implementation and
             maintenance of the effective financial management system and the improvement of the performance-driven
             operational monitoring system;


      •      management of relationship with stakeholders of the Company – through frequent communication with
             partners, governments, customers and other parties who have legal interests in the business of the
             Company;




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
112
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




•    risk management – continuous risk management through review of the reports from the Audit and Risk
     Management Department to identify, evaluate and appropriately manage the risks faced by the Company;
     and


•    corporate governance – formulation and review of the Company’s corporate governance policies and
     practices; review and monitoring of the training and continuous professional development of Directors
     and senior management; review and monitoring of the Company’s policies and practices in relation to
     compliance with laws and regulatory requirements; formulation, review and monitoring of the code of
     conduct for employees and Directors; as well as review of the Company’s compliance with the Corporate
     Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.


With respect to Board diversity, the Directors have different professional backgrounds, providing professional
advice to the Company in their respective area of expertise. As of the date of this report, the Board consisted
of the following twelve Directors. The term of office of each of the Directors is three years from their respective
dates of appointment:


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. NING Gaoning (Chairman)
Mr. YANG Lin
Mr. AN Hongjun
Mr. CHENG Yong
Mr. LIU Pengpeng


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. LI Congrui (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. JIANG Nan (Chief Financial Officer)
Mr. SONG Liuyi (Senior Vice President)


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. SU Xijia
Mr. SUEN Man Tak
Mr. GAO Shibin
Mr. ZHONG Wei


Mr. SONG Liuyi, Mr. CHENG Yong, Mr. WANG Wei, Mr. SUEN Man Tak and Mr. ZHONG Wei were re-elected as
the Directors of the Company at the annual general meeting held on 8 June 2021.


Mr. WANG Wei has resigned as a non-executive director and a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
Committee of the Company due to his other business commitments with effect from 28 March 2022. Mr. WANG
has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there are no matters relating to his resignation
that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. On the same date, Mr. LIU
Pengpeng has been appointed by the Board as a non-executive director and a member of the Remuneration and
Nomination Committee.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               113
      Corporate Governance Report




      As of the date of this report, the composition of the special committees under the Board of the Company is as
      follows:


      Audit Committee: Mr. SU Xijia (Chairman), Mr. YANG Lin, Mr. AN Hongjun, Mr. SUEN Man Tak and Mr. GAO
      Shibin


      Remuneration and Nomination Committee: Mr. ZHONG Wei (Chairman), Mr. SU Xijia, Mr. GAO Shibin, Mr.
      CHENG Yong and Mr. LIU Pengpeng


      Strategy and Investment Committee: Mr. LI Congrui (Chairman), Mr. JIANG Nan, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. SONG
      Liuyi


      Independent Board Committee: Mr. SU Xijia (Chairman), Mr. SUEN Man Tak, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. ZHONG
      Wei


      ESG Committee: Mr. LI Congrui (Chairman), Mr. ZHONG Wei and Mr. TIAN Jiupo


      Other than disclosed above, there was no change in the Company’s Directors during the Period under Review
      and as at the date of this report.


      Biographical details of the Directors are set out from pages 103 to 111 of this report. The Board members have
      no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with each other. The Company has arranged
      appropriate insurance coverage in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and reviews the
      coverage of the insurance every year.


      The Board has a balanced composition. Each Director possesses the knowledge, experience and expertise
      required for the business operation and development of the Group. All Directors are aware that they are severally
      and collectively accountable to the shareholders. They also fulfil their duties and responsibilities diligently to
      make contribution to the outstanding results of the Group.


      The current non-executive Directors are not involved in the Company’s daily management but they provide the
      Company with a wide range of expertise and experience. Their participation in the Board and the committee
      meetings brings independent judgment on issues relating to the Company’s strategies, performance, conflicts
      of interest and management procedures, to ensure that adequate checks and balances are provided and the
      interest of all shareholders are taken into account. The Board believes that the balance between executive and
      non-executive Directors is reasonable and appropriate to safeguard the interests of shareholders, other related
      parties and the Group.


      As at the end of the Reporting Period and the date of this report, the Company has four independent
      non-executive Directors in compliance with the requirements that the number of independent non-executive
      directors shall account for at least one-third of the members of the board and at least one of them shall have
      appropriate financial management expertise. Each independent non-executive Director has confirmed his
      independence to the Company, and the Company is of the view that these Directors are independent of the
      Company under the guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
114
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




The Directors have access to appropriate business documents and information about the Company on a timely
basis. The Directors have free access to the management for enquiries and further information when necessary.
All Directors and the special committees under the Board also have recourse to external legal counsels and other
professionals for independent advice at the Company’s expense as and when the need arises.


The Directors actively participate in continuous professional development, develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills to ensure that their contributions to the Board remain informed and relevant. During the Reporting
Period, all Directors participated in trainings relating to the real estate industry and forums on the digital
technology, economic development and their interrelations as well as other related topics. The Directors
also participated in a number of external trainings and conferences, respectively. In particular, Mr. YANG Lin
attended the “Training on Foreign-related Rule of Law of State-owned Enterprises” (中央企業涉外法治工作培訓)
organised by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, and read
books such as It All Adds Up (   ), Development of Advanced Materials Industry in China (
                            《萬物皆數》                                                     《中國新材料
      ), From Agriculture 1.0 to Agriculture 4.0 (
產業發展報告》                                         《從農業 1.0 到農業 4.0》
                                                                ) and Fundamentals of Chemical
Engineering (   ); Mr. CHENG Yong read books such as The Twilight of Corporation: Blockchain Thinking
           《化工基礎》
and Digitalized Incentives (                    ), The Innovator’s Field Guide: Market
                           《公司制的黃昏 － 區塊鏈思維與數字化激勵》
Tested Methods and Frameworks to Help You Meet Your Innovation Challenges (
                                                                         《創新路徑 － 經過市場驗證的創
      ), and The World from Geopolitical Perspective: Political Games in the Eurasian Hinterland (
新方法和工具》                                                                                         《地緣
看世界 － 歐亞腹地的政治博弈》             ); Mr. WANG Wei attended various important meetings of real estate investment
industry, including the “Urban  Land Institute (ULI) Asia Pacific Summit”, “ULI Annual Meeting”, “ULI China
Mainland Investment Summit” and “ULI China Mainland: CEO Forum”; Mr. JIANG Nan attended the trainings
and meetings such as “Seminar on Revision of Regulations on the Qualification Administration of Real Estate
Development Enterprises” (房地產開發企業資質管理規定修訂研討會), “Trainings on Digital Economy and Business
Management Reform” (數字經濟與企業管理變革培訓), “Trainings on Taxations in Acquisition Transactions” (收購
交易中的稅務考量培訓), “Trainings on Public REITS Development and Business Logic Analysis in Housing Rental
Industry” (住房租賃行業公募REITS 發展及商業邏輯解析培訓), and “Seminar on Global Tax Structure” (全球稅務
架構梳理討論會); Mr. SONG Liuyi attended trainings such as “CKGSB Dialogue Unlimited Supply: Economic
Changes in the New Era” (長江大講堂 | 無限供給：新時代經濟大變局) organised by Cheung Kong Graduate
School of Business; Mr. SUEN Man Tak attended the online meetings and trainings organised by the Hong
Kong Securities and Investment Institute, KPMG, and The Hong Kong Institute of Directors on topics such as
“Hong Kong Regulated Asset Class: from Cryptocurrencies to Virtual Assets”, “Regulations of the SFC on Virtual
Assets”, “Recent Updates on the Listing Rules and Corporate Governance Code”, and “The KPMG Forum”; Mr.
GAO Shibin attended the online meetings or trainings organised by China Real Estate Club, Tsinghua University
and China Industry Finance City Development Union (產融城聯盟) on topics such as “REIT Whole Process
Operations and Trading Structure”, “Financing Practices and Innovation for Real Estate Projects”, “Real Estate
Technology”, “Analysis of Difficulties and Key Points of Urban Renewal and Old Town Renovation”, “Real Estate
Financing Innovative Mode”, “Asset-light Transformation of Real Estate Enterprises”, “Commercial Real Estate
Financing and Securitisation”, “Investment Attraction and Operation of Industrial Property” and “Real Estate
Equity and Asset Merger and Acquisition Financing”; Mr. ZHONG Wei read books such as A Free Nation Deep in
Debt: The Financial Roots of Democracy (       ), The Age of Turbulence (
                                      《債務與國家的崛起》                            ), How to Avoid
                                                                       《動盪時代》
a Climate Disaster: The Solutions We Have and the Breakthroughs We Need (        ), Wealth,
                                                                       《氣候經濟與人類未來》
Poverty and Politics: An International Perspective (       ), and Crashed: How a Decade of Financial
                                                  《財富、貧窮與政治》
Crises Changed the World (                ).
                        《崩盤 － 全球金融危機如何重塑世界》




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             115
      Corporate Governance Report




      BOARD MEETINGS
      The Board holds meetings regularly to review the financial performance of the Company, significant issues and
      other matters that require decisions of the Board.


      The Company has made proper arrangements to give all Directors the opportunity to present matters for
      discussion in the agenda of each Board meeting. All Directors are given the meeting agenda and relevant
      documents prior to each Board meeting.


      The Board office of the Company assists in preparing agenda for Board meetings and ensures that all applicable
      rules and regulations regarding the meetings are followed.


      Apart from the consent obtained through circulation of 11 written resolutions to all Board members, during the
      Period under Review, the Board held five meetings, during which the Directors considered and approved various
      matters, mainly including the 2020 annual report and the 2021 interim report of the Company, China Jinmao’s
      2020 Sustainable Development Report, Updates on the Power and Duties of Decision-making on New Projects
      Investment and Amendments to the Governance Code of the Strategy and Investment Committee, Authorisation
      of Domestic and Foreign Debt Financing for 2022, the listing of Jinmao Property Services Co., Limited, joint
      bidding with Guizhou Crystal Organic Chemical (Group) Co., Ltd. for the land parcel located in Guiyang and
      the related connected transactions, the framework agreement on capital inflow of shareholders of Shanghai
      Rongyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. and the connected transactions thereunder, and the renewal of the
      Property Lease Framework Agreement with Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. and the Plan on Improvement
      of Corporate Governance and Implementation of the Board’s Powers and Responsibilities. In addition, the
      Directors regularly review the relevant matters of corporate governance, including interpellating on the work
      reports and business plans of all departments of the Company’s headquarters and member companies, review
      of the Company’s compliance with the policies and practices on laws and regulatory requirements, training and
      continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, code of conduct for employees
      and Directors and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code. Meeting and resolution
      participation of each Director during 2021 is set out below:


                                                                        Meeting       Meeting         Total      Resolution
                                                                        attended    attendance   number of     participation
       Position                                      Name               in person         rate   resolutions           rate

       Non-executive Director                        Mr. NING Gaoning         3/5         60%         14/14           100%
       Non-executive Director                        Mr. YANG Lin             3/5         60%         14/14           100%
       Non-executive Director                        Mr. AN Hongjun           3/5         60%         16/16           100%
       Non-executive Director                        Mr. CHENG Yong           3/5         60%         14/14           100%
       Non-executive Director                        Mr. WANG Wei             3/5         60%         15/15           100%
       Executive Director                            Mr. LI Congrui           5/5        100%         16/16           100%
       Executive Director                            Mr. JIANG Nan            5/5        100%         16/16           100%
       Executive Director                            Mr. SONG Liuyi           3/5         60%         16/16           100%
       Independent non-executive Director            Mr. SU Xijia             2/5         40%         16/16           100%
       Independent non-executive Director            Mr. SUEN Man Tak         3/5         60%         16/16           100%
       Independent non-executive Director            Mr. GAO Shibin           3/5         60%         16/16           100%
       Independent non-executive Director            Mr. ZHONG Wei            3/5         60%         16/16           100%




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
116
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




The Directors are given sufficient information both at meetings and at regular intervals so that they can maintain
effective control over strategic, financial, operational, compliance and corporate governance issues. They also
have unrestricted access to independent professional advice and the advice and services from the Company
Secretary to ensure compliance with all procedures of the Board meetings. The Company Secretary keeps
minutes of each meeting of the Board and the subordinate committees, which are available to all Directors for
review at any time.


The Company continuously updates all Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance with the requirements by the Directors, and to
maintain good corporate governance practices.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are held by different persons.


Mr. NING Gaoning has been serving as a non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Company since 12 May
2016. Mr. LI Congrui was appointed as the Vice President of the Company in April 2009 and has been serving as
an executive Director of the Company since 17 June 2011. He resigned as the Vice President of the Company
and was redesignated as an executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer with effect from 16 January 2013.


There is a clear division of these two positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company to
ensure a balanced distribution of power and authority. The Chairman of the Company is responsible for leading
and supervising the operation of the Board and providing leadership to the Board in terms of formulating
overall strategies, business directions and policies of the Company. The Chairman of the Company also makes
effective plans for Board meetings and ensures that the Board acts in the best interests of the Company and
its shareholders. The Chief Executive Officer of the Company is directly responsible for the management of
daily operation of the Company, formulation and execution of policies of the Company, and is accountable to
the Board for the overall operation of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer also advises the Board on any
significant developments and issues.


RULES FOR NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF
DIRECTORS AND BOARD DIVERSITY
The Company has a set of formal, prudent and transparent procedures for the appointment and succession of
Directors. According to the Articles of Association of the Company, a Director shall be appointed or removed
by an ordinary resolution at the general meeting; the Board has the right to appoint any Director to fill a casual
vacancy or appoint a new member to the Board, subject to re-election by the shareholders at the first annual
general meeting immediately after the appointment. All Directors (including executive and non-executive
Directors) of the Company are appointed for a term of three years. A Director may be re-elected at the general
meeting after expiration of his/her term.


According to the Articles of Association of the Company, a Director shall be recommended by the Board or
be nominated by any shareholder (other than the person to be nominated) of the Company who is entitled to
exercise voting rights at a general meeting during the period from the date of despatch of the notice of the
general meeting to 7 days before the date on which such general meeting is duly convened. The Remuneration
and Nomination Committee of the Company will also provide advice to the Board in respect of the nomination.
Qualifications and competence of the nominees should be taken into consideration during nomination.



                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               117
      Corporate Governance Report




      To achieve sustainable and balanced development, the Company considers that having a diversified Board is
      crucial to fulfilling its strategic objectives and achieving sustainable development. In determining the composition
      of the Board, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors. All
      Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
      having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The selection of candidates by the Company is
      based on a number of criteria on diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
      background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based
      on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. During the Reporting Period, the
      Remuneration and Nomination Committee made recommendations to the Board with respect to the re-election
      of Directors having due regard for the above diversity requirements. The Board reviewed the current composition
      of Board diversity and confirmed that the members of the Board of the Company have diversified backgrounds,
      professional experience and skills, including property development and investment, corporate management,
      capital market, law, financial accounting and financial investment. The Board is committed to gender diversity of
      Board members. For future appointment and re-appointment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee will
      also make recommendations to the Board with respect to the appointment of Directors according to the diversity
      policy of the Company so as to promote gender diversity of Board members, and appoint at least one Director
      of different gender by 31 December 2024 so as to achieve Board diversity and the best interests of shareholders
      as a whole on an ongoing basis.


      The diversity of the Board is set out below:


       Age

       40 – 49                                                                                                5 persons
       50 – 59                                                                                                4 persons
       60 or above                                                                                            3 persons


       Term of directorship

       5 years or less                                                                                        5 persons
       6 – 10 years                                                                                           3 persons
       more than 10 years                                                                                     4 persons


       Roles

       Executive Director                                                                                     3 persons
       Non-executive Director                                                                                 5 persons
       Independent non-executive Director                                                                     4 persons




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
118
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS
Each Director is required to keep abreast of his responsibilities as a Director and of the operation and business
activities of the Company from time to time. Non-executive Directors have the same duties of care and skills as
executive Directors.


The non-executive Directors of the Company have sufficient experience and talent and fully participate in the
Board to fulfil the functions specified in the provisions C.1.2(a) to (d) of the Corporate Governance Code.


RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Board is responsible for the preparation of financial statements of each financial year, which give a true and
fair view of the operating results and financial status of the Company. In preparing the financial statements, the
Directors of the Company have selected and applied appropriate accounting policies, and have made prudent
and reasonable judgments.


The statement of the auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is
set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” on page 165.


THE SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD
In order to review the specific matters, the Company has established five special committees under the Board,
namely the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Audit Committee, the Independent Board Committee,
ESG Committee and the Strategy and Investment Committee.


REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE
During the Period under Review, the members of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Company
are Mr. ZHONG Wei, Mr. SU Xijia and Mr. GAO Shibin as independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. CHENG
Yong and Mr. WANG Wei as non-executive Directors. Mr. WANG Wei has resigned as a member of the
Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Company on 28 March 2022, and Mr. LIU Pengpeng has been
appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Company with effect from the
same day. As of the date of this report, the members of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the
Company are Mr. ZHONG Wei, Mr. SU Xijia and Mr. GAO Shibin as independent non-executive Directors, and
Mr. CHENG Yong and Mr. LIU Pengpeng as non-executive Directors. The chairman of the Remuneration and
Nomination Committee is Mr. ZHONG Wei.




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                119
      Corporate Governance Report




      The functions of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee include:


      –      to review the size and composition of the Board at least annually based on the operation, scale of assets
             and shareholding structure of the Company, and make recommendations to the Board;


      –      to examine the standards and procedures for election of candidates for Directors and senior management
             and make recommendations; review the qualifications and abilities of candidates for directorship and
             management and make recommendations;


      –      to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


      –      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policies, share option/incentive schemes
             for Directors and senior management and on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for
             developing such policies; and


      –      to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of all executive Directors and
             senior management; to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to
             the Board’s corporate strategies, policies and objectives; and make recommendations in respect of the
             remuneration of the non-executive Directors to the Board.


      The Remuneration and Nomination Committee may seek professional advice if necessary and will be provided
      with sufficient resources to perform its duties.


      In 2021, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s determination of remuneration packages and approval
      of incentive proposals included the following:


      –      assessed the performance of executive Directors;


      –      determined the remuneration packages of Directors and senior management based on the results
             performance of the Company and with reference to the market rates;


      –      nominated new candidates for senior management; and


      –      made recommendations to the Board with respect to the re-election of Directors according to the policies
             and procedures for nomination of Directors with due regards to election and recommendation criteria
             including gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
120
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




The Remuneration and Nomination Committee entered into 4 written resolutions in respect of the above matters
in 2021. Resolution participation of each member is set out below:


                                                                              Total number                   Resolution
 Position                                     Name                           of resolutions         participation rate

 Independent non-executive Director           Mr. ZHONG Wei                                4/4                      100%
 Independent non-executive Director           Mr. SU Xijia                                 4/4                      100%
 Independent non-executive Director           Mr. GAO Shibin                               4/4                      100%
 Non-executive Director                       Mr. CHENG Yong                               4/4                      100%
 Non-executive Director                       Mr. WANG Wei                                 4/4                      100%


THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee of the Company is responsible for communicating with management and internal and
external auditors, as well as reviewing and overseeing the Company’s financial reporting and audit procedures
jointly with them. During the Period under Review and as of the date of this report, the members of the Audit
Committee are Mr. SU Xijia, Mr. SUEN Man Tak and Mr. GAO Shibin as independent non-executive Directors,
and Mr. YANG Lin and Mr. AN Hongjun as non-executive Directors. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr.
SU Xijia.


All members of the Audit Committee have financial backgrounds, which enable them to precisely assess the
financial conditions, compliance and risk exposure of the Company, as well as to impartially perform their duties
and responsibilities.




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                121
      Corporate Governance Report




      The functions of the Audit Committee include:


      –      to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
             auditor, to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and to deal with
             any issues in respect of resignation or dismissal of the auditor;


      –      to discuss the nature and scope of the audit and the relevant reporting responsibilities with the external
             auditor before auditing, and to review and examine whether the external auditor is independent and
             objective and whether the audit procedures are effective according to applicable standards;


      –      to develop and implement policies on the engagement of external auditors for non-audit services, and
             report and make recommendations to the Board with respect to any actions to be taken or areas for
             improvement;


      –      to monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, reports and accounts, interim reports and
             quarterly reports (if any), and to review significant opinions regarding financial reporting contained therein,
             to consider any material matters or unusual matters that are reflected or are required to be reflected in
             such reports and accounts, and to consider any matters proposed by the person in charge of accounting
             and finance work, compliance officer or auditor of the Company as appropriate;


      –      to review the financial control of the Company and review the risk management and internal control system
             of the Company, to discuss the risk management and internal control system with the management to
             ensure that the management has performed its duties in establishing an effective system, and to examine
             the material investigation findings and the management’s responses in respect of risk management and
             internal control matters;


      –      to ensure coordination between internal and external auditors, and to ensure that the internal audit
             function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and
             monitor its effectiveness;


      –      to review the Company’s financial and accounting policies and practices, to review the external auditor’s
             management letter, to timely respond to any queries raised by the management and the Board, and to
             report to the Board as and when necessary;


      –      to have the right to establish a system for direct reporting by employees of the Company, to conduct
             investigations on any abnormalities of the Company in the manner as it considers necessary and
             appropriate, and to report to the Board as and when necessary. The committee shall also have the right
             to direct the Company to make proper arrangements for such issues, including conducting fair and
             independent investigations and taking appropriate actions; and


      –      to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relation with the external auditor.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
122
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




In 2021, the financial reporting and control reviews undertaken by the Audit Committee included the following:


–       reviewed the integrity and accuracy of the 2020 annual report, the 2021 interim report and formal
        announcements relating to the Group’s financial performance;


–       reviewed the 2021 work report and 2022 work plans for internal audit and internal control of the Company,
        confirmed the effectiveness of the internal audit and internal control functions, and carried out profound
        communication and discussion on strengthening the capacity building of internal audit teams, enhancing
        the application of big data and information technology, and conducting front-line work research; and


–       reviewed the annual pre-audit results, profit forecast, audit strategies and significant issues for 2021.


The Audit Committee held three meetings in 2021. Resolution participation of each member is set out below:


                                                                                 Total number                   Resolution
    Position                                       Name                         of resolutions         participation rate

    Independent non-executive Director             Mr. SU Xijia                               3/3                      100%
    Non-executive Director                         Mr. YANG Lin                               3/3                      100%
    Non-executive Director                         Mr. AN Hongjun                             3/3                      100%
    Independent non-executive Director             Mr. SUEN Man Tak                           3/3                      100%
    Independent non-executive Director             Mr. GAO Shibin                             3/3                      100%


The chief financial officer, the deputy chief financial officer, the qualified accountant and the auditor of the
Company attended all these meetings including the three meetings which reviewed the integrity and accuracy
of the Company’s 2020 annual report, 2021 interim report and formal announcements relating to the Group’s
financial performance.


INDEPENDENT BOARD COMMITTEE
During the Period under Review and as of the date of this report, the members of the Independent Board
Committee of the Company are Mr. SU Xijia, Mr. SUEN Man Tak, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. ZHONG Wei. The
chairman of the Independent Board Committee is Mr. SU Xijia. All members are independent non-executive
Directors.




                                                                        CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                   123
      Corporate Governance Report




      The functions of the Independent Board Committee include:


      –       to discuss whether to exercise the independent options granted by Sinochem Group to the Company
              pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking dated 26 July 2007, and to discuss any business in connection
              with the Non-competition Undertaking or any redevelopment business in relation to the properties held by
              Sinochem Group, and any new business opportunities or property redevelopment opportunities of which
              the Company is notified by Sinochem Group in writing;


      –       to formulate and implement policies in relation to the appointment of an independent financial adviser or
              other professional advisers regarding the exercise of options and the pursuit of new business opportunities;


      –       for connected transactions and transactions subject to independent shareholders’ approval under the
              Listing Rules, or spin-off listing arrangements subject to approval under the Listing Rules, to examine
              whether the terms thereunder are fair and reasonable, and in the interest of the Group and its shareholders
              as a whole, and to make recommendations to the Board; and


      –       to review continuing connected transactions every year and make confirmation in the annual reports and
              accounts of the Company.


      The Independent Board Committee entered into two written resolutions in 2021. It considered the independent
      option over Shimao Investment as granted by Sinochem Group, and resolved not to exercise the option over
      Shimao Investment for the time being and to make relevant disclosure in the 2020 annual report and 2021 interim
      report; confirmed various continuing connected transactions of the Company in 2020. Resolution participation of
      each member is set out below:


                                                                                    Total number             Resolution
          Position                                               Name               of resolutions    participation rate

          Independent non-executive Director                     Mr. SU Xijia                 2/2                  100%
          Independent non-executive Director                     Mr. SUEN Man Tak             2/2                  100%
          Independent non-executive Director                     Mr. GAO Shibin               2/2                  100%
          Independent non-executive Director                     Mr. ZHONG Wei                2/2                  100%




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
124
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the members of the Strategy and Investment
Committee of the Company are executive Directors Mr. LI Congrui, Mr. JIANG Nan, Mr. SONG Liuyi and
independent non-executive Director Mr. GAO Shibin. The chairman of the Strategy and Investment Committee is
Mr. LI Congrui.

The functions of the Strategy and Investment Committee include:

–       to study and formulate the Company’s growth strategies and investment performance standards, and
        supervise and monitor the management’s execution of the Company’s growth strategies; and

–       to review the new project investment proposals submitted by the management according to the Company’s
        growth strategies and investment performance standards.

The Strategy and Investment Committee entered into 63 written resolutions in 2021. It considered and approved
142 issues, including a number of city operations projects, cooperation with funds, equity acquisitions and
disposals, etc. Resolution participation of each member is set out below:

                                                                             Total number                   Resolution
    Position                                    Name                        of resolutions         participation rate

    Executive Director                          Mr. LI Congrui                         63/63                       100%
    Executive Director                          Mr. JIANG Nan                          63/63                       100%
    Executive Director                          Mr. SONG Liuyi                         63/63                       100%
    Independent non-executive Director          Mr. GAO Shibin                         63/63                       100%


ESG COMMITTEE
During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the members of the ESG Committee of the
Company are Mr. LI Congrui, an executive Director, Mr. ZHONG Wei, an independent non-executive Director,
and Mr. TIAN Jiupo, Vice President and CTO. The chairman of the ESG Committee is Mr. LI Congrui.

The functions of the ESG Committee include:

–       Responsible for formulating and regularly reviewing the Company’s ESG vision, objectives, strategies and
        policies;

–       Responsible for monitoring the Company’s ESG risk management, material issues, target progress, and
        communication with stakeholders; and

–       to review the Company’s annual ESG report for the Board’s consideration, approval and disclosure.

The ESG Committee may seek professional advice if necessary and will be provided with sufficient resources to
perform its duties.

The ESG Committee was only established under the authorization of the Board on 28 December 2021. Therefore,
no meeting was held or matters were dealt with in 2021.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               125
      Corporate Governance Report




      EXTERNAL AUDITOR
      In 2021, the remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s auditor, Ernst & Young, for the audit and non-audit
      services amounted to HK$22,738,000 and HK$4,254,000, respectively. The fees for audit services provided by
      Ernst & Young to the Group also include the listing related audit service fees of Jinmao Services. The fees for
      non-audit services provided by Ernst & Young to the Group were mainly in relation to the fees for the review
      services on the interim financial reports, the services on continuing connected transactions and other professional
      services.


      INTERNAL CONTROL
      The Board takes responsibilities for the risk management and internal control systems and is responsible for
      reviewing the effectiveness of such systems. In 2021, the Directors and the Audit Committee of the Company
      respectively listened to the special reporting on the Company’s internal and external audit and the internal
      control work summary report, and continued to communicate directly with the personnel from the finance
      department, the internal audit department, the legal and compliance department and the strategic operations
      department with respect to key tasks including evaluating the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management,
      operations and compliance management, financial management and internal control systems, and made specific
      guiding opinions and requirements.


      The Company has in place comprehensive internal audit functions and, through its internal control department,
      conducts regular audits, including annual routine audit, departure audit and special audit where the scope of
      audits covers all aspects including the execution of the Group’s internal regulations and procedures, finance,
      cost, tender and procurement, project quality, strategic operations, marketing, design, customer service and
      HSE management to prevent assets from inappropriate use. The Company also maintains proper accounts and
      ensures that relevant regulations are complied with. In 2021, the internal audit department of the Company
      carried out 3 routine audits, 1 off-office audit, 10 special audits and 38 training sessions. The above measures aim
      to manage but not eliminate relevant risks and the above measures can only provide reasonable but not absolute
      assurance to the achievement of business objectives.


      The Company has formulated a complete system concerning risk identification, assessment and management,
      and constantly made amendments and updates to the system. Various departments at the headquarters are
      responsible for executing the professional risk assessment, management and monitoring procedures, including
      164 management standards and 157 reference guidelines in 18 categories on integrated management, human
      resources management, strategic operation and management, financial management, fund management,
      investment management, industrial city management, design management, cost management, tender and
      procurement management, marketing management, customer relationship management, HSE management,
      quality management, audit and legal affairs management, innovative development management, party and
      masses management and discipline inspection management which comprehensively cover various risks associated
      with property related business and development of the Company. In 2021, among all procedures reviewed,
      managed and monitored by the headquarters of the Company, executive Directors gave 12,796 approvals in
      total, all of which were completed via the electronic online approval system.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
126
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




The Company has in place a regulated, sound and effective internal control system. The headquarters of the
Company is responsible for making annual amendments to the organisational structure, the accountability
system and institutional documents on a rolling basis, and optimising the management hierarchy and approval
procedures. It added 67 new institutional guideline documents, revised the institutional guideline documents 19
times and revised the terms of accountabilities 2 times in 2021. At the same time, it endeavours to strengthen
the IT system development, enhance the process monitoring and risk management in the course of business
execution, and continuously improve the internal control system. In addition to regular internal audit and
inspection of the accountability system by the internal audit department of our headquarters to ensure that
the internal control system of the Company is in smooth operation as a whole, all the companies under the
Group also regularly implement self-examination of the internal control system as part of their routine internal
control efforts. In addition, the routine control measures also include the following: i) professional committees
comprising the senior management and the relevant persons-in-charge from the headquarters’ functional
departments of the Company are established by the Company to regularly review the management of internal
controls of the Company, such as budget and assessment, operation, quality and safety, investment as well as
customer research and services, and to report to the senior management, and to decide and account for the
same. In 2021, the five professional committees of the Company convened 28 regular and ad hoc meetings to
consider and approve the enhancement initiatives for the management of a number of professional line functions
and the decisions on key achievements of projects; ii) evaluation of the Group’s comprehensive operating results,
strategic progress and performance is carried out by the strategic operations department of the headquarters
on a quarterly, semi-annual and annual basis, the reports of which are subject to the collective review and
approval by the management of the Company. The supervision list of key matters is distributed to the relevant
subordinate units for implementation and rectification within a specified period. This forms an efficient internal
control feedback mechanism of the Company. The internal control system of the Company fully covers the major
matters of the Company’s operations and high risk areas that draw close attention, such that any material risks
and deficiencies can be evaluated, supplemented and rectified in a timely manner.


After careful evaluation, the Directors of the Company all consider that the Group’s existing risk management
and internal control system is effective and adequate.


INSIDE INFORMATION
The Company has taken prudent measures in handling inside information, for which the Company has formulated
effective confidentiality systems and measures, such as the formulation of the “Board Meeting and Listing
Compliance Management System of China Jinmao” (                 ), which provides
                                             《中國金茂董事會會議及上市合規管理制度》
that inside information shall be kept strictly confidential prior to public disclosure, among which the personnel
who have access to inside information must ensure confidentiality of the information, and should not, in any
manner, divulge the information of the Company to external parties without authorisation. Besides, consultants
and intermediaries engaged by the Company shall enter into strict confidentiality agreements with the Company
to ensure the inside information is properly handled. At the same time, to ensure the inside information is
disclosed in a timely and proper manner, any matters that constitute inside information must be first reviewed
by the compliance officers and investor relations officers of the Company and obtain consent from the relevant
executive Directors before due disclosure.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               127
      Corporate Governance Report




      COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
      The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
      Code”) contained in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules to regulate directors’ securities transactions. Having made
      specific enquiries to all Directors, all Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the requirements set
      out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2021.


      All employees of the Group shall comply with the “Board Meeting and Listing Compliance Management System
      of China Jinmao” formulated by the Company with reference to the requirements set out in Appendix 10 of the
      Listing Rules in their dealings in the securities of the Company.


      RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS
      Shareholders have the right to raise questions and make suggestions on the business of the Company. All
      shareholders shall have equal rights according to their respective shareholding and assume corresponding
      obligations. Shareholders are entitled to get access to and participate in the material matters of the Company as
      prescribed by laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.


      MOVING A RESOLUTION AT AN ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
      Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), a shareholder may
      submit a written requisition to move a resolution at an annual general meeting if it has received requests that it
      do so from:


      (a)    the members of the Company representing at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all the members who
             have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual general meeting to which the requests relate; or


      (b)    at least 50 members who have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual general meeting to which the
             requests relate.


      A request -


      (a)    may be sent to the Company in hard copy form or in electronic form;


      (b)    must identify the resolution of which notice is to be given;


      (c)    must be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and


      (d)    must be received by the Company not later than -


             (i)    six weeks before the annual general meeting to which the requests relate; or


             (ii)   if later, the time at which notice is given of that meeting.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
128
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




PROPOSING A CANDIDATE FOR ELECTION AS A DIRECTOR
Pursuant to paragraph (2)(b) of Article 77 of the Articles of Association of the Company, if a shareholder wishes to
propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at a general meeting, the shareholder
should give the Company Secretary a written notice of his intention to propose a resolution for the appointment
or reappointment of the person as a Director of the Company and a notice executed by that person of his
willingness to be appointed or re-appointed, no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the
general meeting and no later than seven days prior to the date fixed for such general meeting.

CONVENING A GENERAL MEETING
Pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), a general meeting
may be called upon if the company has received requests to do so from members of the company representing
at least 5% of the total voting rights of all the members having a right to vote at general meetings.

(a)   A request -

      (i)    must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting; and

      (ii)   may include the text of a resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the
             meeting;

(b)   Requests may consist of several documents in like form; and

(c)   A request -

      (i)    may be sent to the Company in hard copy form or in electronic form; and

      (ii)   must be authenticated by the person or persons making it.

SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
Enquiries from shareholders to the Board may be directed to us by the means as stated in the section under
“Corporate Information” in this report.

GENERAL MEETING
The Company maintains and facilitates exchange and communication between shareholders and the Board
through a number of communication methods, including general meetings, announcements and circulars to
shareholders.

The Company held an annual general meeting on 8 June 2021, which considered and approved the audited
financial statements, the report of the Directors and the auditor’s report for the year ended 31 December 2020;
declared the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020; re-elected Mr. SONG Liuyi, Mr. CHENG Yong,
Mr. WANG Wei, Mr. SUEN Man Tak and Mr. ZHONG Wei as Directors of the Company; authorised the Board of
the Company to determine the remuneration of Directors of the Company; re-appointed Ernst & Young as the
auditor of the Company and authorised the Board to determine its remuneration; and considered and approved
the general mandate to issue shares and repurchase shares. Save for non-executive Directors Mr. NING Gaoning,
Mr. YANG Lin, Mr. CHENG Yong and Mr. AN Hongjun who were unable to attend the meeting due to other
business commitments, all of the remaining Directors attended the annual general meeting held on 8 June 2021.




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                129
      Report of the Directors


      The Board presents its report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December
      2021.

      PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
      The Company is an investment holding company, and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are focusing on
      city operations, property development, technology and services, commercial leasing, retail operations and hotel
      operations. Details of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 4 to the financial statements.

      BUSINESS REVIEW
      For details of the business operations, future business development and major risks faced by the Company
      during the Reporting Period, please refer to the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” from pages 8 to 13, and
      the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” from pages 16 to 80 in this report.

      For details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company during the Reporting Period, please
      refer to the section headed “Sustainable Development” from pages 84 to 102 in this report.

      For details of the material relationship between the Company and its employees, customers, suppliers and other
      persons of significant influence to the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to the section headed
      “Sustainable Development“from pages 84 to 102 in this report.

      The above discussion forms part of the Report of the Directors.

      Taking into account the laws, regulations, policies and documents that have a material impact on the business
      of the Company, including but not limited to the “Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Land
      Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Urban Real Estate Administration Law of the People’s
      Republic of China”, the “Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Measures on the Administration
      of Sale of Commodity Houses”, the “Company Law of the People’s Republic of China” and foreign-invested
      related laws and regulations, as well as the documents issued by relevant government authorities from time
      to time including the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural
      Development, the Ministry of Finance, the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the People’s Bank of
      China (the “PBOC”), the Company confirmed that, during the Reporting Period, there were no circumstances
      of administrative punishments or inspections by relevant government authorities as a result of violation of
      laws, regulations, policies and documents that have a material impact on the business of the Company, and
      the Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The Company
      has formulated the comprehensive administration standards and approval procedures for legal affairs and
      continued to revise them for improvement. In 2021, the Group reviewed and approved a total of 30,798 contracts
      according to the standardised procedures via the network office automation platform with a rate of 100% of
      the contracts reviewed by legal specialists, and avoided contract default risks through ongoing supervision of
      contract execution. In addition, in 2021, the Company organised 176 legal publicity trainings for employees,
      including professional trainings on urban operation project acquisition, listing compliance, engineering claims
      and counter-claims, and analysis of commercial housing dispute resolution; on the basis of the “Urban Operation
      and Risk Control Manual” issued in 2020, the Company supplemented new policies and case studies, and issued
      the “Legal Risk Manual for Daily Financing Business and ABS Financing Business” and the “Engineering and
      Customer Relations Compliance Management Guidelines”, introducing the main risks that the Company should
      focus on in financing, engineering and customer relations and putting forward legal risk prevention and control
      suggestions, so as to ensure continuingly effective operation of the legal risk prevention and control system
      of the Company by making sure that the employees of the Company are aware of and in compliance with the
      relevant laws and regulations, related major risks and solutions when discharging their duties.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
130
                                                                                     Report of the Directors




RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
Details of the Group’s results for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss on page 172 of this report.

The dividend distribution policy of the Company is to distribute dividend to its shareholders when the Group
records profit for a financial period. The dividend to be distributed to shareholders will be determined based on
the profit attributable to owners of the parent (net of fair value of investment properties (net of deferred tax) and
excluding the factor of impairment of properties) for that period, multiplied by a dividend distribution ratio of
around 40%. In determining the specific dividend distribution ratio, the Board will take into account the financial
performance, cash flow, paid special dividends (if any) and capital commitments, etc. of the Group.

On 24 August 2021, the Board resolved to make payment of an interim dividend of HK12 cents per share to the
shareholders of the Company. The interim dividend was paid on 29 October 2021.

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2021.

Upon authorization by shareholders, on 18 February 2022, the Board resolved to distribute 191,680,031 shares of
Jinmao Property Services Co., Limited (“Jinmao Services”) to the qualifying shareholders as a special dividend,
conditional upon and contemporaneously with the global offering of the shares of Jinmao Services. Qualifying
shareholders were entitled to one share of Jinmao Services for every 66.2 shares of the Company held on the
record date (i.e. 23 February 2022). The special dividend was distributed on 10 March 2022.

SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OPTIONS
As at 31 December 2021, the total issued share capital of the Company was 12,688,342,090 ordinary shares.

Details of movement in the Company’s share capital and share options in 2021 are set out in notes 38 and 39 to
the financial statements, respectively.

Share Buyback
As stated in the next day disclosure returns of the Company dated 28 January 2021, 29 January 2021, 1 February
2021, 2 February 2021, 3 February 2021, 4 February 2021, 9 February 2021, 10 February 2021, 11 February 2021,
19 February 2021, and 1 March 2021 respectively, the Company bought back on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
a total of 51,602,000 shares of the Company, representing approximately 0.4381% of the total number of issued
shares upon the passing of share buyback mandate at the annual general meeting, at a total consideration of
HK$161,243,654.6 (excluding commission and other expenses). The monthly report of share repurchase is as
follows:


                                                                Highest                 Lowest
                                        Number of             price paid             price paid              Aggregate
 Month of repurchase                         shares           per Share              per Share                price paid
                                      repurchased                  (HK$)                   (HK$)                    (HK$)

 January 2021                            18,262,000                 3.06                     2.99           55,385,406.6
 February 2021                           33,340,000                 3.28                     3.10         105,858,248.0




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                131
      Report of the Directors




      The Company believes that share buyback is in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders, and
      may, depending on market conditions and funding arrangements at the time, lead to an enhancement of the net
      asset value per share and/or earnings per share. The Company cancelled the above shares on 19 February 2021
      and 1 March 2021, respectively.

      RESERVES
      Movements in reserves of the Company and of the Group in 2021 are set out in note 40 to the financial
      statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.

      DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
      As at 31 December 2021, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
      provisions of Sections 291, 297 and 299 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
      amounted to RMB378,522,000.

      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
      Sales to major customers and purchases from major suppliers of the Group in the Year are set out below:


                                                                                                For the year ended
                                                                                                31 December 2021
                                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                                                                     total turnover
                                                                                                                (%)

       Five largest customers                                                                                   6%
       The largest customer                                                                                     2%


                                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                                                                    total purchase
                                                                                                                (%)

       Five largest suppliers                                                                                   13%
       The largest supplier                                                                                     6%


      The above five largest customers and suppliers of the Group are independent third parties. To the best
      knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors of the Company or any of their close associates or any
      shareholders who own more than 5% of the Company’s shares had any interest in the Group’s five largest
      customers or five largest suppliers.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
132
                                                                                    Report of the Directors




BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
Particulars of the bank and other borrowings of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2021 are set out
in note 34 to the financial statements.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS
During the Year, the subsidiaries of the Company in Shanghai, Wenzhou and other places donated a total of
RMB3,482,531 for public welfare including school education, healthcare and targeted poverty alleviation.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Details of movement in the property, plant and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the
Year are set out in notes 14 and 18 to the financial statements.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last
five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as appropriate, is set out on
page 316 of this report. The summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

DIRECTORS OF THE LISTED COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
During the Year and up to the date of this report, the Directors of the Company include:

Non-executive Directors
Mr. NING Gaoning
Mr. YANG Lin
Mr. AN Hongjun
Mr. CHENG Yong
Mr. WANG Wei (has resigned on 28 March 2022)
Mr. LIU Pengpeng (has been appointed on 28 March 2022)

Executive Directors
Mr. LI Congrui
Mr. JIANG Nan
Mr. SONG Liuyi

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. SU Xijia
Mr. SUEN Man Tak
Mr. GAO Shibin
Mr. ZHONG Wei

During the Year and up to the date of this report, the list of directors of the Company’s subsidiaries is published
on the website of the Company at www.chinajinmao.cn.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               133
      Report of the Directors




      DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
      As at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors had a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries
      which is not terminable within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.

      SENIOR MANAGEMENT
      Biographical details of the current senior management of the Company are set out on pages 103 to 111 of this
      report.

      REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
      The Directors’ remuneration is determined by reference to Directors’ duties and responsibilities, individual
      performance and the results of the Group.

      For the year ended 31 December 2021, the annual remuneration of 3 of the executive Directors and other
      members of senior management of the Company fell within the band of below HK$7.5 million and the annual
      remuneration of 5 of them fell within the band of above HK$7.5 million. Details of the remuneration of the
      Directors and senior management of the Company are set out in notes 9, 10 and 47 to the financial statements.
      There was no arrangement under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the Year.

      DIRECTORS’ (OR THEIR CONNECTED ENTITIES’) INTEREST IN MATERIAL
      TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
      None of the Directors (or their connected entities) was materially interested, directly or indirectly, in any
      transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance entered into by the Company or its controlling
      shareholders or any of their respective subsidiaries as at 31 December 2021 or at any time during the Year. The
      Company did not provide any loan to any of the Directors or the management personnel of the Company during
      the Year.

      DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO SUBSCRIBE FOR SHARES
      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Scheme” under the “Report of the Directors” in this
      report, no arrangements to which the Company or its controlling shareholders or any of their respective
      subsidiaries is a party, whose purposes are, or one of whose purposes is, to enable any Director to acquire
      benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate,
      subsisted as at 31 December 2021 or at any time during the Year.

      PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
      The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal actions against its Directors,
      which was in force during the Year and up to the date of this report.

      CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS
      Sinochem Holdings is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. The contracts of significance entered
      into between Sinochem Holdings or its subsidiaries and the Company or its subsidiaries are mainly agreements
      of connected transactions and continuing connected transactions conducted between them, as detailed in
      sections headed “Connected Transactions”, “Continuing Connected Transactions” below.

      Sinochem Group is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings and an indirect controlling shareholder of
      the Company. Details of the agreement of the Non-competition Undertaking entered into between Sinochem
      Group and the Company on 26 July 2007 are set out in “Compliance with Non-Competition Agreement” below.



      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
134
                                                                                    Report of the Directors




COMPLIANCE WITH NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT
Sinochem Group has provided a written confirmation stating that Sinochem Group and its subsidiaries (other than
those which form part of the Group) complied with their obligations under the Non-competition Undertaking
during 2021.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
For details regarding the employees and remuneration policies of the Group during the Year, please refer to the
section headed “Sustainable Development” on pages 84 to 102 of this report.

RETIREMENT SCHEMES
The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution retirement benefit schemes (the
“Retirement Schemes”) administrated and organised by the relevant municipal and provincial governments in
the PRC. The municipal and provincial governments undertake to pay retirement benefits under the Retirement
Schemes to employees when they retire, and the Group is not required to provide other post-retirement benefits
to the employees, except for the contributions made under the Retirement Schemes.

The Group also participates in a mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) required by the
government of Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution retirement benefit scheme. Contributions to these
schemes are expenses as incurred.

Neither the Retirement Schemes nor the MPF Scheme has any requirement concerning forfeited contributions.

Contributions to the retirement benefit schemes by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 were
RMB279,127,000.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
of the Company was entered into or existed during the Year.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Company adopted a share option scheme on 22 November 2007 (the “2007 Scheme”), which has expired
on 21 November 2017. On 29 January 2019, the Company convened an extraordinary general meeting, and
approved and adopted a new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”), the purpose of which is to enhance the
commitment of the participants to the Company and encourage them to pursue the objectives of the Company.

According to the terms of the New Scheme, the Board shall at its absolute discretion grant to any participant a
certain number of options at any time within 10 years after the approval date of the New Scheme. Participants,
i.e. recipients of the options granted, include any existing executive or non-executive Directors of any member of
the Group and any senior management, key technical and professional personnel, managers and employees of
any member of the Group, but do not include any independent non-executive Directors of the Company.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               135
      Report of the Directors




      The number of shares to be issued at any time upon exercise of all options granted under the New Scheme and
      other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the then issued share capital
      of the Company. Accordingly, the Company may issue up to 1,155,352,832 shares to the participants under the
      New Scheme, representing 9.1% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this report.

      Unless an approval of shareholders is obtained at a general meeting, if the total number of shares issued and
      shares which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the share options (including exercised, cancelled and
      outstanding share options) granted under the New Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
      to a participant in any 12-month period in aggregate exceeds 1% of the issued share capital of the Company
      at any time, no further share options shall be granted to such participant. Upon acceptance of the grant, the
      grantee undertakes that he/she will, at the request of the Company, pay a consideration of HK$1 or equivalent (to
      be determined on the date when the offer of the grant is accepted) to the Company for acceptance of the offer
      of the grant of the share option.

      More details of the 2007 Scheme and the New Scheme are set out in note 39 to the financial statements.

      GRANT AND EXERCISE OF SHARE OPTIONS
      On 17 October 2016, the Company granted 172,350,000 share options to eligible participants pursuant to the
      2007 Scheme and the exercise price was HK$2.196 per share, being the average closing price per share as stated
      in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the last five consecutive trading days prior to the
      date of grant. Such options shall vest after two years from the date of grant of the options at the earliest. The
      share options shall only vest if the pre-set performance targets of the Group, the division to which the grantee is
      a member and the individual grantees are achieved. Otherwise, the share options shall lapse.

      On 6 September 2018, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved
      the release of lock-up restrictions on the grantees who fulfil the conditions on a pro rata basis of up to one-third
      of the share options granted by the Company on 17 October 2016 (where the percentage may decrease on a pro
      rata basis depending on the rating of the individual performance assessment of the grantees) according to the
      2007 Scheme (the amendment to which was approved by the Board on 23 August 2012), results of performance
      assessment of the grantees and the “Explanation on the Fulfilment of Conditions of the First Batch of Share
      Options Granted by China Jinmao (2016) for the Third Time (based on the 2017 performance)” provided by the
      external independent professional advisor.

      On 8 February 2019, the Company granted 265,950,000 share options to eligible participants pursuant to the New
      Scheme and the exercise price was HK$3.99 per share, being the closing price per share on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange on the date of grant. Such options shall vest after two years from the date of grant of the options at
      the earliest, and the exercise period shall not exceed seven years from the date of grant. The share options shall
      only vest if the pre-set performance targets of the Group, the division to which the grantee is a member and the
      individual grantees are achieved. Otherwise, the share options shall lapse.

      On 26 August 2019, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved the
      release of lock-up restrictions on the grantees who fulfil the conditions on a pro rata basis of up to one-third of
      the share options granted by the Company on 17 October 2016 (where the percentage may decrease on a pro
      rata basis depending on the rating of the individual performance assessment of the grantees) according to the
      2007 Scheme (the amendment to which was approved by the Board on 23 August 2012), results of performance
      assessment of the grantees and the “Explanation on the Fulfilment of Conditions of the Second Batch of Share
      Options Granted by China Jinmao (2016) for the Third Time (based on the 2018 performance)” provided by the
      external independent professional advisor.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
136
                                                                                  Report of the Directors




On 9 September 2019, the Company granted in a total of 9,000,000 share options to Mr. LI Congrui, Mr. JIANG
Nan and Mr. SONG Liuyi, the executive Directors of the Company, pursuant to the New Scheme and the exercise
price was HK$4.58 per share, being the closing price per share on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date
of grant. Such options shall vest after two years from the date of grant of the options at the earliest, and the
exercise period shall not exceed seven years from the date of grant. The share options shall only vest if the
pre-set performance targets of the Group, the division to which the grantee is a member and the individual
grantees are achieved. Otherwise, the share options shall lapse.

On 5 August 2020, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved the
release of lock-up restrictions on the grantees who fulfil the conditions on a pro rata basis of up to one-third
of the share options granted by the Company on 17 October 2016, 8 February 2019 and 9 September 2019,
respectively (where the percentage may decrease on a pro rata basis depending on the rating of the individual
performance assessment of the grantees) according to the 2007 Scheme (the amendment to which was approved
by the Board on 23 August 2012) and the New Scheme, results of performance assessment of the grantees
and the “Explanation on the Fulfilment of Conditions of the Third Batch of Share Options Granted by China
Jinmao in 2016 (based on the 2019 performance) and Breakdown of the Release” and the “Explanation on the
Fulfilment of Conditions of the First Batch of Share Options Granted by China Jinmao in 2019 (based on the 2019
performance) and Breakdown of the Release” provided by the external independent professional advisor.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             137
      Report of the Directors




      The following share options were outstanding under the 2007 Scheme and New Scheme during the year ended
      31 December 2021:


                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                          Closing
                                                                                                                                                          price of
                                                                                                                                                       the shares
                                                                                                                                                            of the
                                                                                                                                                        Company
                                                                                                                                                      immediately
                                                                                                                                          Exercise      preceding
                                                                                                        Date of        Exercise period    price of      the grant
       Name or              As at     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled       Lapsed     As at 31      grant of       of share options      share    date of share
       category of      1 January      during       during       during       during    December          share            (both days     options         options
       grantees             2021    the period   the period   the period   the period       2021        options              inclusive)     (HK$)           (HK$)

       Directors
       Mr. LI Congrui     500,000            –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October     17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                          500,000            –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October     17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                          500,000            –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October     17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                        1,000,000            –            –            –            –    1,000,000   9 September   9 September 2021 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
                        1,000,000            –            –            –            –    1,000,000   9 September   9 September 2022 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
                        1,000,000            –            –            –            –    1,000,000   9 September   9 September 2023 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
       Mr. JIANG Nan      500,000            –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October     17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                          500,000            –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October     17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                          500,000            –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October     17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                        1,000,000            –            –            –            –    1,000,000   9 September   9 September 2021 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
                        1,000,000            –            –            –            –    1,000,000   9 September   9 September 2022 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
                        1,000,000            –            –            –            –    1,000,000   9 September   9 September 2023 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
138
                                                                                                                     Report of the Directors




                                          Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                          Closing
                                                                                                                                                          price of
                                                                                                                                                       the shares
                                                                                                                                                            of the
                                                                                                                                                        Company
                                                                                                                                                      immediately
                                                                                                                                          Exercise      preceding
                                                                                                        Date of        Exercise period    price of      the grant
Name or            As at      Granted    Exercised        Cancelled       Lapsed       As at 31        grant of       of share options      share    date of share
category of    1 January       during        during          during        during     December            share             (both days    options         options
grantees           2021     the period   the period       the period   the period         2021          options              inclusive)     (HK$)           (HK$)

Mr. SONG          500,000            –                –            –             –       500,000     17 October     17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
  Liuyi                                                                                                    2016       16 October 2023
                  500,000            –                –            –             –       500,000     17 October     17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                  500,000            –                –            –             –       500,000     17 October     17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                1,000,000            –                –            –             –      1,000,000    9 September   9 September 2021 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
                1,000,000            –                –            –             –      1,000,000    9 September   9 September 2022 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
                1,000,000            –                –            –             –      1,000,000    9 September   9 September 2023 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
Sub total       4,500,000            –                –            –             –      4,500,000    17 October     17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
                9,000,000            –                –            –             –      9,000,000    9 September   9 September 2021 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                           2019      8 September 2026
Employees in    3,958,800            –      (270,000)              –             –      3,688,800    17 October     17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
  aggregate                                                                                                2016       16 October 2023
               24,299,200            –     (1,456,400)             –             –     22,842,800    17 October     17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
               40,411,200            –     (1,974,400)             –             –     38,436,800    17 October     17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                           2016       16 October 2023
               84,444,000            –                –            –    (8,050,000)    76,394,000     8 February     8 February 2021 to       3.99            4.00
                                                                                                           2019        7 February 2026
               84,444,000            –                –            –    (6,650,000)    77,794,000     8 February     8 February 2022 to       3.99            4.00
                                                                                                           2019        7 February 2026
               84,462,000            –                –            –    (6,650,000)    77,812,000     8 February     8 February 2023 to       3.99            4.00
                                                                                                           2019        7 February 2026




                                                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                                     139
      Report of the Directors




                                                  Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                 Closing
                                                                                                                                                                 price of
                                                                                                                                                              the shares
                                                                                                                                                                   of the
                                                                                                                                                               Company
                                                                                                                                                             immediately
                                                                                                                                                 Exercise      preceding
                                                                                                               Date of        Exercise period    price of      the grant
        Name or           As at       Granted    Exercised        Cancelled       Lapsed       As at 31       grant of       of share options      share    date of share
        category of   1 January        during        during          during        during     December           share             (both days    options         options
        grantees          2021      the period   the period       the period   the period         2021         options              inclusive)     (HK$)           (HK$)

        Total          73,169,200            –     (3,700,800)             –             –     69,468,400   17 October     17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                  2016       16 October 2023
                      253,350,000            –                –            –   (21,350,000)   232,000,000    8 February     8 February 2021 to       3.99            4.00
                                                                                                                  2019        7 February 2026
                        9,000,000            –                –            –             –      9,000,000   9 September   9 September 2021 to        4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                  2019      8 September 2026


      DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTEREST IN SHARES OR UNDERLYING
      SHARES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
      Save as disclosed below, as at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
      had any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
      associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which
      were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
      of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
      referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code as set out in the Listing Rules, to be
      notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      Interest in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                           Number of              percentage of
                                                                                              Number of                    underlying                   the issued
        Name                                        Capacity                                  shares held             shares held (Note)            share capital

        Mr. LI Congrui                              Beneficial owner                          4,000,000(L)                 4,500,000(L)                       0.067%
        Mr. JIANG Nan                               Beneficial owner                          3,600,000(L)                 4,500,000(L)                       0.064%
        Mr. SONG Liuyi                              Beneficial owner                          3,000,000(L)                 4,500,000(L)                       0.059%

      (L)       Denotes long positions

      Note: Represents the underlying shares subject to share options which are unlisted physically settled equity derivatives.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
140
                                                                                       Report of the Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST
So far as is known to the Directors of the Company, as at 31 December 2021, the following persons (other than
the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had interest and short positions in the shares, or underlying
shares of the Company which were required to be notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
referred to therein, or which had already been notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange:


                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage of
 Name of the                                     Capacity/nature                       Number of                 the issued
 substantial shareholder        Nature           of Interest                      ordinary shares             share capital

 Sinochem Hong Kong (Group)     Long position    Beneficial owner                    4,476,188,025                   35.28%
   Company Limited
   (“Sinochem Hong Kong”)
 Sinochem Corporation           Long position    Interest of controlled              4,476,188,025                   35.28%
                                                   corporationNote 1
 Sinochem Group                 Long position    Interest of controlled              4,476,188,025                   35.28%
                                                   corporationNote 1
 Sinochem Holdings              Long position    Interest of controlled              4,476,188,025                   35.28%
                                                   corporationNote 1
 Ping An Life Insurance         Long position    Beneficial owner                    1,787,077,435                   14.08%
   Company of China, Ltd.
   (“Ping An Life Insurance”)
 Ping An Insurance (Group)      Long position    Interest of controlled              1,790,061,831                   14.11%
   Company of China, Ltd.                          corporationNote 2
 New China Life Insurance       Long position    Beneficial owner                    1,079,321,860                    8.51%
   Company Ltd.                 Long position    Interest of controlled                 14,000,000                    0.11%
                                                   corporationNote 3
 UBS Group AG                   Long position    Interest of controlled                772,531,280                    6.09%
                                                   corporationNote 4




                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  141
      Report of the Directors




      Note 1: Sinochem Holdings holds the entire equity interests in Sinochem Group, which in turn holds the entire equity interests
              in Sinochem Corporation, which in turn holds the entire equity interests in Sinochem Hong Kong. For the purpose of
              the SFO, Sinochem Holdings, Sinochem Group and Sinochem Corporation are all deemed to be interested in the shares
              beneficially owned by Sinochem Hong Kong.

      Note 2: Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. holds 99.51% equity interests in Ping An Life Insurance and the
              entire equity interests in Ping An of China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Company Limited. For the purpose of the
              SFO, Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in 1,787,077,435 shares beneficially
              owned by Ping An Life Insurance and 2,984,396 shares beneficially owned by Ping An of China Asset Management (Hong
              Kong) Company Limited.

      Note 3: New China Life Insurance Company Ltd. is deemed to be interested in 14,000,000 shares beneficially owned by New
              China Capital Management Limited, a corporation indirectly controlled by New China Life Insurance Company Ltd.

      Note 4: UBS Group AG is deemed to have interests in the shares of the Company held by UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS
              Asset Management (Shanghai) Limited, UBS Asset Management (Americas) Inc., UBS Asset Management (Australia)
              Ltd, UBS Asset Management (Deutschland) GmbH, UBS Asset Management (Hong Kong) Ltd, UBS Asset Management
              (Singapore) Ltd, UBS Asset Management Life Ltd, UBS Asset Management Switzerland AG, UBS Asset Management
              Trust Company, UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited, UBS Fund Management (Luxembourg) S.A., UBS Fund
              Management (Switzerland) AG, and UBS O’Connor LLC, and such companies are subsidiaries of UBS Group AG. Among
              such long positions, 66 shares are cash settled and listed derivatives, and 8,699,076 shares are cash settled unlisted
              derivatives.

      Note 5: On 6 August 2019, Sinochem Hong Kong delivered 1,787,077,435 shares to Ping An Life Insurance pursuant to a placing
              and subscription agreement dated 26 July 2019. Ping An Life Insurance is granted a pre-emptive right to off-market
              transfers and is thus deemed to be interested in 4,476,188,025 shares held by Sinochem Hong Kong by virtue of section
              317 of the SFO, and Sinochem Hong Kong is deemed to be interested in 1,787,077,435 shares held by Ping An Life
              Insurance by virtue of section 317 of the SFO.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, the Directors of the Company were not aware of any person
      (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had interest or short positions in the shares
      and underlying shares of the Company which were required to be notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions
      2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be recorded in
      the register referred to therein, or which had already been notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.

      CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the Company entered into non-exempt
      continuing connected transactions, including:

      I.     Continuing connected transactions exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
             requirement:
             1      Framework lease agreement and supplemental agreement between the Company and Sinochem
                    Group, and framework lease agreement between the Company and Sinochem Holdings;

             2      Loan framework agreement between Franshion Properties (Hangzhou) Limited (“Hangzhou
                    Properties”), Sky Power Properties Limited (“Sky Power Properties”) and Sinochem Lantian Co., Ltd.
                    (“Sinochem Lantian”);

             3      Loan framework agreement between Jinmao Investment (Changsha) Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Changsha”),
                    Shanghai Jinmao Economic Development Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Development”) and Changsha CSC
                    Investment Co., Ltd. (“CSC Changsha”);

             4      Factoring service framework agreement between the Company and Sinochem Commercial Factoring
                    Co., Ltd. (“Sinochem Factoring”);




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
142
                                                                                Report of the Directors




      5    Loan framework agreement between Chongqing Xingqian Real Estate Co., Ltd. (“Xingqian Real
           Estate”) and its direct and indirect shareholders (including the Company, Ping An Real Estate
           Company Limited (“Ping An Real Estate”), Jinmao Xinan Enterprise Management (Tianjin) Limited
           (“Jinmao Xinan”, formerly known as Jinmao Xinan Enterprise Management (Chongqing) Limited),
           Fubao Investment Management Limited (“Fubao”), Step Fancy Investments Limited (“Step Fancy”),
           and Year Fine Limited (“Year Fine”));

      6    Entrustment loan framework agreement between Ningbo Yingmao Properties Development Co.,
           Ltd. (“Yingmao Properties”), Wide Sea Limited (“Wide Sea”) and Shenzhen Pingjia Investment and
           Management Co., Ltd. (“Pingjia Investment”);

      7    Loan framework agreement between 12 project companies including Qingdao Fanghui Properties
           Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao 12 Project Companies”), Beijing Xingmao Properties Co., Ltd. (“Xingmao
           Properties”), Win Cheer Limited (“Win Cheer”), Tongxiang Haoji Properties Co., Ltd. (“Haoji
           Properties”), Tongxiang Haoqing Properties Co., Ltd. (“Haoqing Properties”) and China Overseas
           Enterprise Development Group Co., Ltd. (“China Overseas Development”);

      8    Loan framework agreement between Shanghai Rongdi Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai
           Rongdi”), Shanghai Rongyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Rongyu”), Jinmao Huadong
           Enterprises Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Huadong”, formerly known as Shanghai Maohuan
           Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.), Shenzhen Deli Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Deli”)
           and Rongqiao Group Co., Ltd. (“Rongqiao Group”);

      9    Cash pooling accession agreement between the Company, Sinochem Hong Kong and Bank Mendes
           Gans N.V. (the “Bank”).

II.   Continuing connected transactions approved or to be approved by independent shareholders:
      10   Framework financial service agreement between the Company and Sinochem Finance Co., Ltd.
           (“Sinochem Finance”);

      11   Financial services framework agreement between the Company, Ping An Bank Co., Ltd. (“Ping An
           Bank”), China Ping An Trust Co., Ltd. (“Ping An Trust”), Shenzhen Qianhai Pingyu Commercial
           Factoring Co., Ltd. (“Pingyu Factoring”), Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of
           China, Ltd. (“Ping An Property & Casualty”), Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of China, Ltd.
           (“Ping An Annuity”), Ping An Real Estate and Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“Ping An Asset
           Management”).

For these continuing connected transactions, the Company confirms that it had complied with the requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. During the Year, when conducting these continuing connected
transactions, the Company had complied with the pricing policies and guidelines formulated when such
transactions were entered into. Set out below is a summary of all these transactions:




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           143
      Report of the Directors




      I.     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS EXEMPT FROM THE
             INDEPENDENT SHAREHOLDERS’ APPROVAL REQUIREMENT
             1      Framework lease agreement and supplemental agreement between the Company and
                    Sinochem Group, and the framework lease agreement between the Company and
                    Sinochem Holdings
                    The Company and Sinochem Group entered into two framework lease agreements for lease of the
                    relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre, Sinochem Tower and Jin Mao Tower on
                    31 December 2008 and 31 July 2009, respectively (the “Original Framework Lease Agreements”). In
                    order to streamline and optimise the regulation of the leasing relationship in respect of the relevant
                    units in Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre, Sinochem Tower and Jin Mao Tower between the
                    Company (and its subsidiaries) and Sinochem Group (and its associates), the Company entered into
                    with Sinochem Group a comprehensive framework lease agreement (the “New Framework Lease
                    Agreement”) on 11 November 2011 in place of the two Original Framework Lease Agreements. The
                    New Framework Lease Agreement was considered and approved by the independent shareholders of
                    the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 22 December 2011. The New Framework
                    Lease Agreement is valid for a term of ten years commencing from 1 January 2012. Pursuant to the
                    New Framework Lease Agreement:

                    (1)   The two Original Framework Lease Agreements shall be terminated on 31 December 2011 and
                          the New Framework Lease Agreement shall take effect on 1 January 2012.

                    (2)   Pursuant to the two Original Framework Lease Agreements, all the existing specific lease
                          contracts in respect of the relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre, Sinochem
                          Tower in Beijing, China and the relevant units in Jin Mao Tower in Shanghai, China entered
                          into between the Company (and its subsidiaries) and Sinochem Group (and its associates)
                          respectively shall be included in and regulated by the New Framework Lease Agreement upon
                          the termination of the Original Framework Lease Agreements.

                    (3)   The rent under the New Framework Lease Agreement shall be determined based on the relevant
                          specific lease contracts, which includes the property management fee of the relevant units and
                          various miscellaneous expenses actually incurred, including but not limited to car park rental,
                          car park management fee, car parking fee, water charge, electricity charge, gas charge, phone
                          bill, overtime air-conditioning charge, maintenance fee and catering fee (if applicable). The rent
                          shall be paid by lessees in accordance with the provisions of the specific lease contracts.

                    (4)   On 21 December 2018, the annual caps (including rent, property management fee and other
                          charges) prescribed by the Company for the three years ending 31 December 2021 with respect
                          to the leased properties under the New Framework Lease Agreement would be RMB481.66
                          million, RMB526.85 million and RMB597.58 million, respectively.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
144
                                                                        Report of the Directors




On 18 December 2020, the Company entered into the supplemental agreement to the New
Framework Lease Agreement (“the Supplemental Agreement”) with Sinochem Group, pursuant
to which the specific lease contracts entered into and to be entered into between the parties in
respect of the relevant units of Royal International Mansion would be included in and regulated by
the New Framework Lease Agreement. The term of the Supplemental Agreement commences from
18 December 2020 until the expiry date of the New Framework Lease Agreement. For the two years
ending 31 December 2021, the annual caps for the rentals (including property management fee and
other charges) in respect of lease of the relevant units of Royal International Mansion payable by
Sinochem Group and its associates under the Supplemental Agreement were RMB23.01 million and
RMB75.46 million, respectively.

On 16 September 2021, the Company was informed by the Sinochem Holdings that the strategic
restructuring between Sinochem Group and ChemChina has been completed. ChemChina became
an associate of Sinochem Group upon completion of the strategic restructuring and thus a connected
person of the Company. Prior to ChemChina becoming a connected person of the Company, the
Group and the subsidiaries of ChemChina had entered into a number of continuing transactions
under the specific lease contracts, mainly involving the leasing of property units in Beijing Chemsunny
World Trade Centre and Royal International Mansion by the subsidiaries of the Company to the
subsidiaries of ChemChina, and such transactions have become continuing connected transactions of
the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules upon completion of the strategic restructuring.

As the New Framework Lease Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement expired on 31 December
2021, on 28 December 2021, the Company entered into a framework lease agreement (the “Sinochem
Framework Agreement”) with Sinochem Holdings, the holding company of Sinochem Group and
ChemChina, to streamline the leasing relationship between the Group and Sinochem Holdings
and its associates in respect of the relevant units in Shanghai Jin Mao Tower, Sinochem Tower,
Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre and Royal International Mansion. The Sinochem Framework
Agreement is for a term of three years with effect from 1 January 2022. The annual caps for the rent,
property management fees and other fees received by the Group in respect of the above leased
properties under the Sinochem Framework Agreement for the three years ending 31 December 2024
are RMB582.25 million, RMB654.14 million and RMB733.45 million, respectively.




                                                        CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                   145
      Report of the Directors




                    In 2021, details of the New Framework Lease Agreement, the Supplemental Agreement and the
                    transactions contemplated under the specific lease contracts with ChemChina are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                       Transaction
                                                                                                                                                        amount in
                     Connected person                                     Nature of transaction                          Effective period   Currency         2021

                     1.   Two subsidiaries of Sinochem Holdings           Lease of relevant units in Jin Mao Tower                              RMB     39,774,353
                             Corporation Ltd.                               from the Group
                          1A Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance Co., Ltd.   Lease of relevant units in Jin Mao Tower           2017 to 2025       RMB     32,205,901
                                                                            from the Group
                          1B China Foreign Economy and Trade Co., Ltd.    Lease of relevant units in Jin Mao Tower           2019 to 2021       RMB      7,568,452
                                                                            from the Group
                     2.   Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. and its 20   Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny                          RMB    275,942,691
                             subsidiaries                                   World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2A Sinochem Corporation                         Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB    113,231,804
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2B Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd.           Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      8,637,032
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2C China Foreign Economy and Trade Co., Ltd.    Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB     39,395,302
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2D China National Seed Group Corp.              Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB        832,083
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2E Sinochem Insurance Brokers (Beijing) Co.,    Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB          9,753
                             Ltd.                                           World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2F Sinochem Fertilizer Company Limited          Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      2,660,095
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2G Sinochem Finance Co., Ltd.                   Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB     15,392,751
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2H Sinochem Juyuan Enterprises Management       Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      3,332,176
                             (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2I Sinochem Energy Corporation Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB     21,389,051
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                          2J Sinochem Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.      Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      2,913,976
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                           2K Sinochem Petroleum Exploration and          Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB     10,520,202
                             Production Co., Ltd.                           World Trade Centre from the Group
                           2L Sinochem Petroleum Sales Co., Ltd.          Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      3,343,875
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                           2M Sinochem Oil Co., Ltd.                      Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB     11,749,258
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                           2N Sinochem Agriculture Holdings Co., Ltd.     Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      1,964,564
                                                                            World Trade Centre from the Group
                           2O Sinochem Information and Technology         Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      5,369,501
                             Co., Ltd.                                      World Trade Centre from the Group




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
146
                                                                                                        Report of the Directors




                                                                                                                                    Transaction
                                                                                                                                     amount in
Connected person                                       Nature of transaction                          Effective period   Currency         2021

     2P Sinochem Capital Co., Ltd., Beijing Branch     Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      8,805,221
                                                         World Trade Centre from the Group
     2Q Sinochem Asset Management Co., Ltd.            Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB     10,594,568
                                                         World Trade Centre from the Group
     2R ChemChina Finance Corporation                  Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB        614,288
                                                         World Trade Centre from the Group
     2S Sinochem Energy Logistics Co., Ltd.            Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      5,549,439
                                                         World Trade Centre from the Group
     2T Far Eastern Leasing Co., Ltd.                  Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2019 to 2021       RMB      8,729,600
                                                         World Trade Centre from the Group
     2U Syngenta Group Co., Ltd.                       Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny       2021 to 2021       RMB        908,152
                                                         World Trade Centre from the Group
3.   16 subsidiaries of Sinochem Holdings              Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower                             RMB     55,627,388
       Corporation Ltd.                                  from the Group
     3A Sinochem Corporation                           Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2022       RMB      3,499,839
                                                         from the Group
     3B Beijing Sinochem Jinqiao Trade Co., Ltd.       Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2022       RMB        196,431
                                                         from the Group
     3C China Foreign Economy and Trade Co., Ltd.      Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2022       RMB     12,655,572
                                                         from the Group
     3D Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,    Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2022       RMB      3,971,214
       Beijing Branch                                    from the Group
     3E Sinochem International (Holdings) Co., Ltd.,   Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2022       RMB      3,861,179
       Beijing Branch                                    from the Group
     3F Sinochem Commerce Co., Ltd.                    Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2022       RMB     13,659,895
                                                         from the Group
     3G Sinochem Environment Holdings Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2022       RMB      1,256,129
                                                         from the Group
     3H Sinochem Juyuan Enterprises Management         Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2021       RMB         20,903
       (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                               from the Group
     3I Sinochem Plastics Co., Ltd.                    Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2021       RMB     10,510,994
                                                         from the Group
     3J Sinochem Agriculture Holdings Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2021       RMB        342,121
                                                         from the Group
     3K Sinochem Information and Technology Co.,       Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2021       RMB      1,599,337
       Ltd.                                              from the Group
     3L Sinochem Asset Management Co. Ltd.             Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2021       RMB      3,374,440
                                                         from the Group
     3M Sinochem Energy Corporation Co., Ltd.          Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower          2019 to 2021       RMB         10,971
                                                         from the Group




                                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                  147
      Report of the Directors




                                                                                                                                                              Transaction
                                                                                                                                                               amount in
                     Connected person                                          Nature of transaction                            Effective period   Currency         2021

                             3N Sinochem Baoli Commercial Services Co.,        Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower            2019 to 2021       RMB         36,595
                               Ltd.                                              from the Group
                             3O Beijing Jili Petroleum Products Service Co.,   Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower            2019 to 2021       RMB        172,668
                               Ltd.                                              from the Group
                             3P Sinochem Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.              Lease of relevant units in Sinochem Tower            2019 to 2021       RMB        459,100
                                                                                 from the Group
                     4.      12 subsidiaries of Sinochem Holdings              Lease of relevant units in Royal International                          RMB     37,998,214
                               Corporation Ltd.                                  Mansion from the Group
                             4A Sinochem Refined Oil Commerce Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2021       RMB        387,048
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4B Sinochem Petroleum Sales Co., Ltd.             Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2021       RMB     10,647,697
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4C Sinochem Energy and Technology Co., Ltd.       Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2021       RMB      4,633,476
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4D Syngenta Group Co., Ltd.                       Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB      1,011,732
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4E Sinochem Fertilizer Company Limited            Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB     10,020,838
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4F Sinochem Agriculture Holdings Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB      4,188,434
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4G China National Seed Group Corp.                Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB      2,775,375
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4H Syngenta Seeds (Beijing) Co., Ltd.             Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB      2,239,316
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4I Sinochem International Crop Care Co., Ltd.     Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB        114,230
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4J ADAMA (China) Investment Co., Ltd.             Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB        420,315
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4K Syngenta (China) Investment Co., Ltd.          Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2020 to 2023       RMB      1,554,548
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                             4L Syngenta Biotechnology (China) Co., Ltd.       Lease of relevant units in Royal International       2021 to 2023       RMB          5,205
                                                                                 Mansion from the Group
                     Total                                                                                                                                    409,342,646


                    Sinochem Holdings is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company and is therefore a
                    connected person of the Company. Sinochem Group and ChemChina are associates of Sinochem
                    Holdings and are therefore connected persons of the Company. Accordingly, the New Framework
                    Lease Agreement, the Supplemental Agreement, the Sinochem Lease Agreement and the transactions
                    contemplated under the specific lease contracts constitute the continuing connected transactions
                    of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the
                    transaction amount under the New Framework Lease Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement
                    did not exceed the annual cap.



      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
148
                                                                            Report of the Directors




2   Loan framework agreement between Hangzhou Properties, Sky Power Properties and
    Sinochem Lantian
    On 31 August 2018, Hangzhou Properties entered into a loan framework agreement with Sky Power
    Properties and Sinochem Lantian (the “Hangzhou Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which
    Hangzhou Properties agreed to provide loans to Sky Power Properties and Sinochem Lantian (or
    their respective designated loan receiving entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in
    proportion to their respective shareholdings in Hangzhou Properties. Under the Hangzhou Framework
    Agreement, the actual interest rate of each of the loans shall be determined by reference to the same
    term RMB benchmark loan interest rate for financial institutions published by the PBOC from time to
    time, subject to a floating range of 50% higher or lower than such rate. The parties shall enter into
    specific loan agreements separately according to the terms and conditions set out in the Hangzhou
    Framework Agreement. The Hangzhou Framework Agreement shall be valid for three years from 31
    August 2018. During the term of the Hangzhou Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum
    daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the loans to be provided by Hangzhou Properties
    to Sinochem Lantian (or its designated loan receiving entity) will be RMB295 million. The Hangzhou
    Framework Agreement has expired on 30 August 2021. As of 30 August 2021, the transaction amount
    did not exceed the annual cap.

    Hangzhou Properties is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Sinochem Lantian
    is owned as to approximately 51% by Sinochem Group, which is the controlling shareholder of
    the Company. Accordingly, it is a connected person of the Company. As such, the transaction in
    relation to the provision of loans by Hangzhou Properties to Sinochem Lantian (or its designated
    loan receiving entity) constitutes the provision of financial assistance by the Company to a connected
    person, and therefore constitutes a continuing connected transaction of the Company under Chapter
    14A of the Listing Rules.

3   Loan framework agreement between Jinmao Changsha, Jinmao Development and CSC
    Changsha
    On 22 June 2020, Jinmao Changsha entered into a loan framework agreement with Jinmao
    Development (which has now been deregistered, and was absorbed by Wuhan XingMao Real Estate
    Co., Ltd. (武漢興茂置業有限公司) (“Wuhan Xingmao”), the rights and obligations of which were
    assumed by Wuhan Xingmao) and CSC Changsha (the “Changsha Framework Agreement”), pursuant
    to which Jinmao Changsha agreed to provide loans to Wuhan Xingmao and CSC Changsha (or their
    respective designated entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in proportion to their
    respective equity interests in Jinmao Changsha. Under the Changsha Framework Agreement, the
    actual interest rate of each of the loans shall be determined by reference to the same term RMB
    benchmark loan interest rate published by the PBOC from time to time, subject to a floating range of
    50% higher or lower than such rate. The parties shall enter into specific loan agreements separately
    according to the terms and conditions set out in the Changsha Framework Agreement. The Changsha
    Framework Agreement shall be valid for three years with effect from 25 June 2020. During the term of
    the Changsha Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including the accrued
    interest) of the loans to be provided by Jinmao Changsha to CSC Changsha (or its designated
    entities) will be RMB1,000 million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the transaction amount did
    not exceed the annual cap.




                                                            CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                       149
      Report of the Directors




                    Wuhan Xingmao is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Jinmao Changsha, owned as to 80%
                    and 20% respectively by Wuhan Xingmao and CSC Changsha, is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of
                    the Company. CSC Changsha is the substantial shareholder of Jinmao Changsha and is therefore a
                    connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level. Accordingly, the transaction in relation to
                    the provision of loans by Jinmao Changsha to CSC Changsha (or its designated entities) constitutes
                    the provision of financial assistance by the Company to a connected person at the subsidiary level,
                    and therefore constitutes a continuing connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of
                    the Listing Rules.

             4      Factoring service framework agreement between the Company and Sinochem Factoring
                    On 28 March 2018, the Company and Sinochem Factoring entered into a framework agreement,
                    pursuant to which the Group will utilise the financing factoring services and non-financial factoring
                    services available from Sinochem Factoring from time to time as it deems necessary for a term
                    of three years. Under the framework agreement, the interests and fees payable by the Group to
                    Sinochem Factoring shall not be higher than the interests and fees charged by independent factoring
                    companies in the PRC in providing the same type of factoring services under the same conditions.
                    During the term of the factoring service framework agreement, the cap on the daily maximum balance
                    (including the amount of accounts receivables and accrued interests) in respect of the financing
                    factoring services to be provided by Sinochem Factoring to the Group will be RMB2,000 million,
                    and the annual cap for the fees of the non-financing factoring services to be provided by Sinochem
                    Factoring to the Group will be RMB40 million. The framework agreement has expired on 27 March
                    2021. As of 27 March 2021, the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid two caps.

                    Sinochem Factoring is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinochem Group, which is the
                    controlling shareholder of the Company. Accordingly, Sinochem Factoring is a connected person
                    of the Company. The transactions under the factoring service framework agreement constitute
                    continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

             5      Loan framework agreement between Xingqian Real Estate and its direct and indirect
                    shareholders (including the Company, Ping An Real Estate, Jinmao Xinan, Fubao, Step
                    Fancy and Year Fine)
                    On 23 August 2019, Xingqian Real Estate, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
                    entered into the loan framework agreement with its direct and indirect shareholders (including the
                    Company, Ping An Real Estate, Jinmao Xinan, Fubao, Step Fancy and Year Fine) (the “Xingqian
                    Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Xingqian Real Estate agreed to provide loans to the
                    Company and Ping An Real Estate (or their respective designated entities) based on the same
                    terms and conditions and in proportion to the effective interest in Xingqian Real Estate held by
                    the Company and Ping An Real Estate through their respective subsidiaries. Under the Xingqian
                    Framework Agreement, the actual interest rate of each of the loans shall be determined by reference
                    to the RMB benchmark loan interest rate for financial institutions of the same term published by the
                    PBOC, subject to a floating range of 50% higher or lower than such rate. The parties shall enter into
                    loan agreements separately according to the terms and conditions set out in the Xingqian Framework
                    Agreement. The Xingqian Framework Agreement shall be valid for three years. During the term of
                    the Xingqian Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including the accrued
                    interest) of the loans to be provided by Xingqian Real Estate to Ping An Real Estate (or its designated
                    entities) will be RMB900 million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the transaction amount did
                    not exceed the annual cap.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
150
                                                                            Report of the Directors




    Ping An Real Estate is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, which is a substantial shareholder of
    the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Step Fancy is a subsidiary of the
    Company owned as to 63.2% by the Company and 36.8% by Ping An Real Estate through Fubao, its
    wholly-owned subsidiary. Accordingly, Step Fancy is a connected subsidiary of the Company. Xingqian
    Real Estate is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Step Fancy and also a connected subsidiary
    of the Company. Therefore, the transactions under the Xingqian Framework Agreement constitute
    continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

6   Entrustment loan framework agreement between Yingmao Properties, Wide Sea and
    Pingjia Investment
    On 17 March 2020, Yingmao Properties, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
    entered into the entrustment loan framework agreement with its shareholders, namely Wide Sea
    and Pingjia Investment (the “2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Yingmao
    Properties agreed to provide entrustment loans to Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment (or their
    respective designated entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in proportion to the
    respective shareholding ratio of Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment in Yingmao Properties. Under
    the 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement, the actual interest rate of each of the entrustment loans
    shall be determined by reference to the latest loan prime rate for one-year loan as published by
    the National Interbank Funding Center from time to time, subject to a floating range of 50% higher
    or lower than such rate. The parties shall enter into specific loan agreements with relevant financial
    institutions separately according to the terms and conditions set out in the 2020 Yingmao Framework
    Agreement. The 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement shall be for a term of two years commencing
    from 24 March 2020. During the term of the 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement, the cap on the
    maximum daily balance (including the accrued interests) of the loans to be provided by Yingmao
    Properties to Pingjia Investment (or its designated entities) will be RMB550 million. For the year
    ended 31 December 2021, the transaction amount did not exceed the annual cap.

    On 24 March 2022, Yingmao Properties entered into the entrustment loan framework agreement with
    Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment (the “2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which
    Yingmao Properties will continue to provide entrustment loans to Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment
    (or their respective designated entities) during the term of the 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement.
    The 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement shall be for a term of one year commencing from 24
    March 2022. The terms of the 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement are substantially the same as
    those of the 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement. During the term of the 2022 Yingmao Framework
    Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including the accrued interests) of the loans to
    be provided by Yingmao Properties to Pingjia Investment (or its designated entities) will be RMB550
    million.

    Pingjia Investment is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial shareholder of the
    Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Yingmao Properties is a subsidiary
    owned as to 50% by the Company through Wide Sea and the remaining 50% by Pingjia Investment,
    and is therefore a connected subsidiary of the Company. Accordingly, the transactions under the 2020
    Yingmao Framework Agreement and the 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement constitute continuing
    connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                            CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                       151
      Report of the Directors




             7      Loan framework agreement among Qingdao 12 Project Companies, Xingmao Properties,
                    Win Cheer, Haoji Properties, Haoqing Properties and China Overseas Development
                    On 14 May 2020, Qingdao 12 Project Companies, the indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
                    Company, entered into the loan framework agreement with their shareholders (including Xingmao
                    Properties, Win Cheer, Haoji Properties, Haoqing Properties and China Overseas Development) (the
                    “Qingdao Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Qingdao 12 Project Companies agreed to
                    provide loans to their shareholders (or their respective designated entities) based on the same terms
                    and conditions and in proportion to the respective shareholding ratio of the Company (through its
                    subsidiaries Xingmao Properties and Win Cheer), Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
                    (“Ping An”) (through its subsidiaries Haoji Properties and Haoqing Properties) and China Overseas
                    Development in Qingdao 12 Project Companies. Under the Qingdao Framework Agreement, the
                    effective interest rate of each of the loans shall be determined by reference to the loan prime rate
                    for one-year loan as published by the National Interbank Funding Center from time to time, subject
                    to a floating range of 50% higher or lower than such rate. The parties shall enter into specific loan
                    agreements separately according to the terms and conditions set out in the Qingdao Framework
                    Agreement. The Qingdao Framework Agreement shall be for a term of three years commencing
                    from 14 May 2020. During the term of the Qingdao Framework Agreement, the aggregate maximum
                    daily balance (including the accrued interests) of the loans to be provided by Qingdao 12 Project
                    Companies to Haoji Properties and Haoqing Properties (or their respective designated entities) will
                    be RMB770 million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the transaction amount did not exceed
                    the annual cap.

                    Haoji Properties and Haoqing Properties are associates of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial
                    shareholder of the Company, and are therefore connected persons of the Company. Qingdao 12
                    Project Companies are subsidiaries owned as to 68% by the Company (through Xingmao Properties
                    or Win Cheer) and 14% by Ping An (through Haoji Properties or Haoqing Properties). Accordingly,
                    Qingdao 12 Project Companies are therefore connected subsidiaries of the Company. Accordingly,
                    the transactions under the Qingdao Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected
                    transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

             8      Loan framework agreement among Shanghai Rongdi, Shanghai Rongyu, Jinmao Huadong,
                    Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group
                    On 14 January 2021, Shanghai Rongdi (an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company)
                    and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Rongyu, entered into the loan framework agreement
                    (the “Shanghai Framework Agreement”) with the shareholders of Shanghai Rongdi (including
                    Jinmao Huadong, Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group), pursuant to which Shanghai Rongyu agreed
                    to provide loans to Jinmao Huadong, Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group (or their respective
                    designated entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in proportion to the equity interest
                    held by Jinmao Huadong, Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group in Shanghai Rongdi. The actual interest
                    rate of each of the loans under the Shanghai Framework Agreement shall be determined by reference
                    to the loan prime rate for the loans of the same term as published by the National Interbank Funding
                    Center from time to time, subject to a floating range of 50% higher or lower than such rate. The
                    parties shall enter into specific loan agreements separately according to the terms and conditions
                    set out in the Shanghai Framework Agreement. The Shanghai Framework Agreement will be effective
                    from 14 January 2021 for a term of one year. During the term of the Shanghai Framework Agreement,
                    the maximum daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the loans to be provided by Shanghai
                    Rongyu to Shenzhen Deli (or its designated entities) will be RMB375 million. For the year ended 31
                    December 2021, the transaction amount did not exceed the annual cap.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
152
                                                                                Report of the Directors




     Shenzhen Deli is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial shareholder of the Company,
     and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Shanghai Rongdi is a subsidiary of the
     Company owned as to 38% by the Company (through Jinmao Huadong) and 25% by Ping An (through
     Shenzhen Deli). Therefore, Shanghai Rongdi and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Rongyu, are
     connected subsidiaries of the Company. Accordingly, the transactions under the Shanghai Framework
     Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules.

9.   Cash pooling accession agreement among the Company, Sinochem Hong Kong and the
     Bank
     On 23 June 2020, the Company (as a new customer) entered into the accession agreement with
     Sinochem Hong Kong and the Bank (the “Original Accession Agreement”), pursuant to which the
     Company has agreed to become a party to the cash pooling agreement dated 19 June 2008 (the
     “Original Cash Pooling Agreement”) and join the cash pool established by Sinochem Hong Kong (as
     the principal customer and the guarantor), the Sinochem member companies (each as a customer) and
     the Bank. On the same day, the Company and Sinochem Hong Kong entered into the cooperation
     agreement which further regulated their rights and obligations under the cash pooling cooperation
     arrangement, and provided additional protection to the Company.

     In order to consolidate a series of amendments that have been made to the Original Cash Pooling
     Agreement since its execution in 2008 and to reflect the latest regulatory requirements governing
     the European financial market, Sinochem Hong Kong and the Bank entered into a new cash pooling
     agreement (the “New Cash Pooling Agreement”) on 27 May 2021 to terminate and replace the
     Original Cash Pooling Agreement. In this connection, the Company entered into an accession
     agreement with Sinochem Hong Kong and the Bank on 28 October 2021 (the “New Accession
     Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to become a party to the New Cash Pooling
     Agreement as a customer. Pursuant to the New Cash Pooling Agreement, any accounts of the
     Company and their credit or debit balances, as the case may be, under the Original Cash Pooling
     Agreement will be deemed accounts with corresponding credit or debit balances under the New
     Cash Pooling Agreement. Each customer (including the Company) shall pledge to the Bank, by way
     of a first ranking right of pledge, all its present and future claims on the Bank arising from, or in
     connection with, its accounts, as security for the fulfillment of the secured obligations of all customers,
     which constitutes a provision of financial assistance among customers of the cash pool (including the
     Company, Sinochem Hong Kong and group companies of Sinochem Hong Kong. Sinochem Hong
     Kong irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the Bank the due payment and performance by
     each customer of all present and future secured obligations of each customer. On the same day, the
     Company and Sinochem Hong Kong entered into the Supplemental Agreement to the Cooperation
     Agreement to confirm that the terms under the Cooperation Agreement shall equally apply to the
     arrangement under the New Cash Pooling Agreement. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement,
     the daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the deposit placed by the Company in the cash
     pool shall not exceed US$100,000,000, and the interest rate of the deposit shall be calculated at
     overnight LIBOR plus 10 base points. In addition, for the purpose of providing protection to the
     Company for the safety of its deposit placed in the cash pool, Sinochem Hong Kong provided the
     loan in a principal amount of US$100,000,000 (equivalent to the maximum amount of the deposit) to
     the Company pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement. No security over the assets of the Company
     is required for the loan. The loan will be renewed upon maturity to ensure that the loan is in place
     at all times during the term of the Cash Pooling Cooperation Arrangement. If the Company is not
     able to recover any or part of the deposit, the Company will have the right to set off the amount of
     the shortfall against its repayment obligation under the loan on a dollar-to-dollar basis. The term of
     the cash pooling cooperation arrangement will end on 31 December 2022. For the year ended 31
     December 2021, the transaction amount did not exceed the annual cap.

                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           153
      Report of the Directors




                    Sinochem Hong Kong is an direct controlling shareholder of the Company, therefore is a connect
                    person of the Company. The cash pooling cooperation arrangement involves a provision of financial
                    assistance among customers of the cash pool (including the Company, Sinochem Hong Kong and
                    group companies of Sinochem Hong Kong, and therefore constitutes a continuing connected
                    transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      II.    CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS APPROVED OR TO BE
             APPROVED BY INDEPENDENT SHAREHOLDERS
             10     Framework financial service agreement between the Company and Sinochem Finance
                    On 7 July 2020, the Company and Sinochem Finance entered into a framework financial service
                    agreement (the “Sinochem Framework Financial Service Agreement”), pursuant to which the
                    Company and its subsidiaries will utilise the financial services provided by Sinochem Finance on a
                    non-exclusive basis as they deem necessary during the period until 31 December 2022, including
                    deposit and loan services, entrustment loans, settlement services, guarantee services, internet
                    banking services and any other financial services as approved by the China Banking and Insurance
                    Regulatory Commission, and pay the relevant interests and service fees to or receive deposit interest
                    from Sinochem Finance. The relevant fees and loan interest shall be determined at a rate no higher
                    than the standards as set by the PBOC from time to time or the market price, and the deposit interest
                    shall be determined at a rate no lower than the benchmark interest rate as promulgated by the PBOC
                    from time to time or the market price. The settlement services are provided free of charge. During
                    the term of the Sinochem Framework Financial Service Agreement, the maximum daily balance of the
                    deposits placed by the Group with Sinochem Finance will be RMB10,000 million. The deposit services
                    (including the maximum daily balance) under the Sinochem Framework Financial Service Agreement
                    have been considered and approved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on
                    24 August 2020. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the transaction amount did not exceed the
                    annual cap.

                    Sinochem Finance is an indirect subsidiary of Sinochem Group, the controlling shareholder of the
                    Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. The provision of financial services to
                    the Company by Sinochem Finance constitutes a continuing connected transaction of the Company
                    under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
154
                                                                             Report of the Directors




11   Financial services framework agreement between the Company, Ping An Bank, Ping An
     Trust, Pingyu Factoring, Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Annuity, Ping An Real
     Estate and Ping An Asset Management
     On 18 March 2020, the Company entered into the financial services framework agreement (the “Ping
     An Financial Services Framework Agreement”) with Ping An Bank, Ping An Trust, Pingyu Factoring,
     Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Annuity, Ping An Real Estate and Ping An Asset Management
     (collectively, the “Ping An Member Companies”), pursuant to which the Group will, when it deems
     necessary, utilise the financial services that Ping An Member Companies provide on a non-exclusive
     basis, including deposit and loan services, entrustment loans services, mortgage loan services,
     settlement services, factoring services (including financing factoring services and non-financing
     factoring services), commercial insurance services and other financial services as approved by
     competent authorities such as the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the
     China Securities Regulatory Commission, and pay the relevant interests and service fees to or receive
     deposit interest from Ping An Member Companies. The relevant fees and loan interest shall be
     determined at a rate no higher than the rates offered by independent financial institutions of the
     same type under the same conditions, and the deposit interest shall be determined at a rate no lower
     than the benchmark interest rate as promulgated by the PBOC or those offered by independent
     financial institutions. The mortgage loan services and settlement services are provided free of charge.
     Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement will be expired on 31 December 2022. During the
     term of the Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement, the caps on the maximum daily balance
     of the deposit services, the loan services and the financing factoring services are RMB8,000 million,
     RMB10,000 million and RMB3,000 million, respectively. The deposit services, the loan services and the
     financing factoring services (including their respective maximum daily balances) under the Ping An
     Financial Services Framework Agreement have been considered and approved at the extraordinary
     general meeting of the Company held on 8 May 2020. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the
     transaction amount did not exceed the annual cap.

     Each of the Ping An Member Companies is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial
     shareholder of the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Accordingly,
     the transactions under the Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing
     connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                             CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                        155
      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the one-time connected transactions of the
      Company include:

      Collaboration of Jinmao Xinan and Guizhou Crystal to jointly develop the Land Parcel in Guiyang
      On 30 June 2021, Jinmao Xinan (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), entered into the joint development
      agreement with Guizhou Crystal Organic Chemical (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Guizhou Crystal”) and ChemChina New
      Material Co., Ltd. (“ChemChina New Material”), pursuant to which Jinmao Xinan and Guizhou Crystal agreed
      to participate in the bidding for the land parcel with a site area of approximately 682 mu located in Qingzhen
      County, Guiyang City, Guizhou Province (“Target Land Parcel”) and jointly develop the Target Project after
      winning the bid for the Target Land Parcel, and ChemChina New Material, as the holding company of Guizhou
      Crystal, agreed to provide joint and several liability guarantee for the performance of all contractual obligations
      of Guizhou Crystal under the joint development agreement. Jinmao Xinan and Guizhou Crystal may establish
      certain project companies to participate in the bidding for the Target Land Parcel and/or the development of
      the Target Project. Each of the project companies will be held by Jinmao Xinan and Guizhou Crystal as to 51%
      and 49% equity interests, respectively, and will become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of Jinmao Xinan. Jinmao
      Xinan and Guizhou Crystal agreed to provide the funds required for the development to the project companies
      in proportion to their respective shareholding in the project companies, of which Jinmao Xinan shall be liable
      to a land bidding price of no more than RMB714 million and subsequent shareholder’s loans of no more than
      RMB204 million.

      Upon completion of the strategic restructuring between Sinochem Group and ChemChina, ChemChina and
      its subsidiaries have become associates of Sinochem Group. ChemChina New Material is a non-wholly owned
      subsidiary of ChemChina and Guizhou Crystal is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of ChemChina New Material.
      Therefore, both ChemChina New Material and Guizhou Crystal are connected persons of the Company.
      Therefore, the transaction constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
      Rules. As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the transaction are more than 0.1% but
      less than 5%, the transaction is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but exempt from the
      independent shareholders’ approval requirement.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
156
                                                                                     Report of the Directors




CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
In the opinion of the independent non-executive Directors of the Company, the continuing connected
transactions for the year ended 31 December 2021 were entered into by the Group:

•    in the ordinary and usual course of its business;

•    on normal commercial terms; and

•    in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and
     reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The auditor of the Company has been engaged to report on the continuing connected transactions of the
Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong
Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors
has received an unqualified letter from the auditor of the Company in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
Rules, stating that the auditor has not noticed that any of these continuing connected transactions:

•    have not been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;

•    for the connected transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group have not been
     entered into in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group in all material aspects;

•    have not been entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such
     continuing connected transactions in all material aspects; and

•    have exceeded the relevant caps for the year ended 31 December 2021.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, as
at the date of this report, there is sufficient public float of not less than 25% of the Company’s total issued share
capital as required under the Listing Rules.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Share Capital and Share Options”, “Issuance of Notes” and
“Redemption of Notes” under the “Report of the Directors” in this report, during the Period under Review, none
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                157
      Report of the Directors




      ISSUANCE OF NOTES
      1      Issue of subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital securities
             On 28 January 2021, the Company together with Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) entered
             into a purchase agreement with Standard Chartered Bank, Huarong International Financial Holdings
             Limited, BOSC International Company Limited, CLSA Limited and Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. (as the
             initial purchasers) in respect of the subscription and sale of the US$500,000,000 subordinate guaranteed
             perpetual capital securities with an interest rate of 6% per annum. These securities are guaranteed by the
             Company and the issuance was completed on 8 February 2021. All of the net proceeds from the issuance
             of these securities amounting to approximately US$498.3 million had been used by the Company to repay
             the medium and long-term overseas debts due within the following year. As at the date of this report, the
             Group did not redeem or cancel any of such securities.

      2      Issue of senior guaranteed notes
             On 30 March 2021, the Company and Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) entered into a purchase
             agreement with Citigroup Global Markets Limited, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, BOSC International Company
             Limited and The Bank of East Asia, Limited (as the initial purchasers) in respect of the subscription and
             sale of the US$600,000,000 senior guaranteed notes with an interest rate of 3.2% per annum. These notes
             are guaranteed by the Company and the issuance of these notes was completed on 9 April 2021. The net
             proceeds from the issuance of these notes amounted to approximately US$598.1 million. All of the net
             proceeds from these notes had been used by the Company to repay the medium- and long-term overseas
             debts due within the following year. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem or cancel any
             of these notes.

      3      Issue of unsecured medium-term notes
             On 16 April 2021, Shanghai Jinmao Investment Management Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Jinmao”),
             a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as the issuer) completed the issue of the first tranche of
             medium-term notes with the principal amount of RMB3,000,000,000 to qualified investors. These notes
             are unsecured and have a term of 3 years with a final coupon rate of 3.74%. All of the proceeds from the
             issuance of these notes amounting to approximately RMB3,000 million had been used to repay other
             medium-term notes issued by the Company at interbank bond market. As at the date of this report, the
             Group did not redeem or cancel any of these notes.

      4      Issue of unsecured medium-term notes
             On 14 October 2021, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) completed the issue of the second tranche of
             medium-term notes with the principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000 to qualified investors. These notes
             are unsecured and have a term of 3 years with a final coupon rate of 3.65%. All of the proceeds from the
             issuance of these notes amounting to approximately RMB2,000 million had been used to repay other
             medium-term notes issued by Shanghai Jinmao at interbank bond market. As at the date of this report, the
             Group did not redeem or cancel any of these notes.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
158
                                                                                    Report of the Directors




5   Issue of domestic corporate bonds
    On 16 February 2022, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) completed the issue of the corporate bonds with the
    principal amount of RMB1,800,000,000 to professional investors. These bonds are unsecured and have a
    term of 5 years, and the issuer shall be entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled
    to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the third year. The final coupon rate is fixed at 3.20%. All
    of the proceeds from the issuance of these bonds amounting to approximately RMB1,800 million had
    been used to repay all the existing debts of the Company. As at the date of this report, the Group did not
    redeem or cancel any of these bonds.

6   Issue of senior guaranteed notes
    On 25 February 2022, the Company together with Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) entered into
    a purchase agreement with CLSA Limited, China Securities (International) Corporate Finance Company
    Limited, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Hong Kong Branch and China
    International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited (as the initial purchasers) in respect of
    the subscription and sale of the US$200,000,000 senior guaranteed notes with an interest rate of 4.4% per
    annum. These notes are guaranteed by the Company and the issuance of these notes was completed on
    4 March 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of these notes amounted to approximately US$199.3
    million. All of the net proceeds from these notes had been used by the Company to repay the medium-
    and long-term overseas debts due within the following year. As at the date of this report, the Group did
    not redeem or cancel any of these notes.

7   Issue of senior guaranteed notes
    On 15 March 2022, the Company together with Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) entered into a
    purchase agreement with ABCI Capital Limited and CLSA Limited (as the initial purchasers) in respect of
    the subscription and sale of the US$150,000,000 senior guaranteed notes with an interest rate of 4.4%
    per annum. These notes are guaranteed by the Company and the issuance of these notes was completed
    on 22 March 2022. The issue price of these securities was 99.998% of the principal amount plus accrued
    interest from 4 March 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of these notes amounted to approximately
    US$150.0 million. All of the net proceeds from these notes had been used by the Company to repay the
    medium- and long-term overseas debts due within the following year. These notes have been consolidated
    and form a single series with the senior guaranteed notes issued by Franshion Brilliant Limited on 4 March
    2022. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem or cancel any of these notes.

8   Issue of domestic corporate bonds

    On 25 March 2022, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) completed the issue of the corporate bonds with the
    principal amount of RMB1,500,000,000 to professional investors. These bonds are unsecured and have a
    term of 5 years, and the issuer shall be entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled
    to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the third year. The final coupon rate is fixed at 3.5%. All of
    the proceeds from the issuance of these bonds amounting to approximately RMB1,500 million will be used
    to repay the debts of Shanghai Jinmao and support enterprises with strong synergies within the industry
    to ease liquidity pressure. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem or cancel any of these
    bonds.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               159
      Report of the Directors




      REDEMPTION OF NOTES
      1      Redemption of subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital securities
             As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 4 January 2021, pursuant to the terms of the
             indenture dated 4 February 2016 among Franshion Brilliant Limited as issuer, the Company as guarantor,
             The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as trustee and other agents set forth therein, the issuer
             has issued an irrevocable notice in respect of the US$500,000,000 6% subordinated guaranteed perpetual
             capital securities to the holders of the securities to redeem all of the securities outstanding, at the
             redemption price equal to the principal amount thereof plus any distributions (including any arrears of
             distribution and additional distribution amounts) accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date. As at 4
             February 2021, the Securities have been fully redeemed at a redemption price of US$515,000,000. As at the
             date of this report, the securities have been fully cancelled.

      2      Redemption of senior guaranteed perpetual capital securities
             As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2018 regarding the issuance and listing
             of the securities, and the announcement dated 3 November 2021 regarding the notice of redemption
             of securities, Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) has elected to redeem all the securities at the
             aggregate principal amount of the securities plus any distributions (including any arrears of distribution and
             additional distribution amounts) accrued on the senior guaranteed perpetual capital securities issued by
             it in an aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000 with an initial distribution rate of 6.90% per annum,
             but excluding the distribution accrued on the scheduled redemption date of 4 December 2021 (being the
             first reset date). On 6 December 2021, the securities were fully redeemed and cancelled at the redemption
             price of US$310,350,000.

      3      Redemption of subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital securities
             As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 20 January 2017 regarding the issuance and listing
             of the securities, and the announcement dated 17 December 2021 regarding the notice of redemption
             of securities, Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) has elected to redeem all the securities at the
             aggregate principal amount of the securities plus any distributions (including any arrears of distribution
             and additional distribution amounts) accrued on the senior guaranteed perpetual capital securities issued
             by it in an aggregate principal amount of US$500,000,000 with a distribution rate of 5.75% per annum, but
             excluding the distribution accrued on the scheduled redemption date of 17 January 2022 (being the first
             reset date). On 18 January 2022, the securities were fully redeemed and cancelled at the redemption price
             of US$514,375,000.

      4      Redemption of domestic unsecured perpetual medium-term notes
             As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 20 December 2018 regarding the completion of
             issuance of the notes, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) has elected to redeem all the domestic unsecured
             perpetual medium-term notes in an aggregate principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000 at an initial interest
             rate of 5.00% per annum, at the principal amount plus accrued interest (including all deferred interest and
             accrued interest). On 20 December 2021, the notes were fully redeemed and cancelled at a redemption
             price of RMB2,100,000,000.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
160
                                                                                    Report of the Directors




REVIEW OF THE OPTION OVER SHIMAO INVESTMENT BY THE INDEPENDENT
BOARD COMMITTEE
A written resolution was entered into by the Independent Board Committee comprising all independent
non-executive Directors of the Company on 28 March 2022 to review its decision made on 18 August 2021 not to
exercise, for the time being, the option to acquire Sinochem Group’s 15% interest in China Shimao Investment
Company Limited (“Shimao Investment”).

The Independent Board Committee has carefully reviewed the relevant information of Shimao Investment, taking
into account the facts that Sinochem Group is a financial investor of Shimao Investment and owns only a minority
and passive interest in it, and that the Company currently has a relatively high overall total debt position, and
the funds of the Company should be mainly used for expanding the land reserve for development segments
to accelerate the asset turnover ratio and the recovery of cash receivables. Recently, the Company has made
significant progress in land reserve, and the projects acquired by the Company, including the projects in Beijing,
Guangzhou, Shanghai etc., are all at a stage that requires capital investment. In addition, the city operations
projects in Huzhou, Nanchang, Changsha, Shanghai are large-scale development projects with long development
cycles and huge demand for funds, and the injection and expansion of industrial resources require long-term
commitment in operation and relentless effort. The Company considers that the acquisition of Shimao Investment
at the moment would pose greater challenges to the Company in various aspects, including manpower and
financial capacity. As such, the independent non-executive Directors unanimously agreed that the exercise of the
option over Shimao Investment at this moment is not in line with the Company’s prudent investment policy, and
is not in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

The Independent Board Committee unanimously resolved not to exercise the option to acquire Sinochem
Group’s 15% interest in Shimao Investment at this moment. As disclosed in the prospectus and the
announcement dated 9 April 2010 of the Company, the Independent Board Committee would continue to review
the option over Shimao Investment at the time when the interim and annual reports of the Company are to be
released.

REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee has reviewed with the management and the auditor of the Company the accounting
principles and practices adopted by the Company, and discussed with them the audit, internal control and
financial reporting matters of the Company, including review of the financial statements for 2021. The 2021
financial statements prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards were audited by
Ernst & Young based on the Hong Kong Standards on Auditing. Ernst & Young issued unqualified opinion on the
2021 financial statements.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               161
      Report of the Directors




      MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS, DISPOSAL AND OTHER DISCLOSEABLE
      TRANSACTIONS
      During the Period under Review, the material acquisitions, disposal and other discloseable transactions entered
      into by the Company include the following:

      1      Acquisition of 49% equity interests in the Project Company to develop the Land Parcel in
             Xintang Town, Zengcheng District, Guangzhou City
             On 11 March 2021, Guangzhou Jinmao Properties Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Jinmao”), an indirect
             wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the cooperative development agreement with
             Guangzhou Vanke Enterprise Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Vanke”) and Guangzhou Wanzhi Real Estate Co., Ltd.
             (the “Project Company”) in relation to the cooperation for the development of the land parcel located
             at Dongjiang Avenue, Xintang Town, Zengcheng District, Guangzhou City with a site area of 162,497
             square metres (“Land Parcel”). The land use right of the Land Parcel was acquired by Guangzhou Vanke
             through a public tender process on 21 December 2020. Guangzhou Vanke has established the Project
             Company to develop the Land Parcel, and has subscribed for, but has not paid up, its registered capital of
             RMB1,016,389,500.

             Pursuant to the cooperative development agreement, (1) Guangzhou Jinmao agreed to subscribe
             for an additional registered capital of the Project Company of RMB3,090,430,000, and (2) Guangzhou
             Vanke agreed to subscribe for the registered capital of the Project Company in a total amount of
             RMB3,216,750,000 (including the registered capital of RMB1,016,389,500 that it has subscribed for but has
             not paid up, and an additional registered capital of RMB2,200,180,500). Upon completion of the aforesaid
             transaction, Guangzhou Vanke and Guangzhou Jinmao will hold 51% and 49% of the equity interests in the
             Project Company, respectively.

             As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the aforesaid transaction is more than 5% but
             less than 25%, the transaction constitutes a discloseable transaction of the Company and is subject to the
             reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. The aforesaid transaction
             was completed on 1 April 2021.

      2      Acquisition of shares in China VAST and subscription of 6% guaranteed convertible bonds due
             2024 issued by China VAST
             On 28 June 2021, the Company entered into the share sale and purchase agreement with Profit East
             Limited (among other parties), pursuant to which the Company agreed to buy 493,720,010 shares in China
             VAST Industrial Urban Development Company Limited (“China VAST”) at the consideration of HK$3.00
             per China VAST share. On the same day, the Company entered into the convertible bonds subscription
             agreement with China VAST (among other parties), pursuant to which the Company agreed to subscribe for
             the convertible bonds in the principal amount of US$123,275,892 at the initial conversion price of HK$3.05
             per conversion share (subject to adjustments).

             As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the transaction are more than 5% but
             less than 25%, the transaction constitutes a discloseable transaction of the Company and is subject to the
             reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. The aforesaid share
             acquisition was completed on 30 June 2021, and the subscription for convertible bonds was completed on
             16 July 2021. Following the completion of the share acquisition, the Company has become a substantial
             shareholder of China VAST, holding approximately 29.9% of the total number of China VAST shares.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
162
                                                                                 Report of the Directors




3   Acquisition of 30% equity interests in the Project Company to develop the Land Parcel in
    Dougezhuang Townership, Chaoyang District, Beijing
    On 10 September 2021, Jin Mao Northern Enterprises Management (Tianjin) Company Limited (“Jin Mao
    Northern”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the cooperation agreement
    with Beijing Ningcheng Real Estate Co., Ltd. (“Ningcheng Real Estate”) and Beijing Chaoyi Real Estate
    Development Co., Ltd. (the “Project Company”) in relation to the cooperation for the development of
    the land parcel located in Sunjiapo Village, Dougezhuang Township, Chaoyang District, Beijing (the
    “Land Parcel”) covering a site area of 85,059 sq.m. The land use right of the Land Parcel was acquired
    by Ningcheng Real Estate through a public tender process on 26 May 2021. Ningcheng Real Estate has
    established the Project Company to develop the Land Parcel and has subscribed for, but has not paid up,
    its registered capital of RMB3,600 million.

    Pursuant to the cooperation agreement, Jin Mao Northern agreed to acquire from Ningcheng Real Estate
    its 30% equity interests in the Project Company, and make capital contribution in an amount of RMB1,080
    million to the Project Company and provide shareholder’s loans in a total amount of no more than
    RMB2,160 million to the Project Company in proportion to its shareholding in the Project Company. Upon
    completion of the transaction, Ningcheng Real Estate and Jin Mao Northern will hold 70% and 30% equity
    interests in the Project Company, respectively.

    As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the aforesaid transaction are more than 5% but
    less than 25%, the transaction constitutes a discloseable transaction of the Company and is subject to the
    reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. The aforesaid transaction
    was completed on 22 September 2021.

4   Disposal of 90% equity interest in Qingdao Fangjia
    On 10 November 2021, Tianjin Donghui Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Donghui”), a wholly-owned subsidiary
    of the Company, entered into the equity transfer agreement with Qingdao Qingyuehui Real Estate Co.,
    Ltd. (“Qingdao Qingyuehui”), pursuant to which Tianjin Donghui agreed to sell its 90% equity interest in
    Qingdao Fangjia Properties Limited (the “Project Company”) to Qingdao Qingyuehui at a consideration
    of RMB2,427,688,260. Upon completion of the disposal, the Project Company will be held as to 90%
    by Qingdao Qingyuehui and 10% by the Company. On 16 November 2021, the Company, Qingdao
    Qingyuehui, Qingdao Qingte Property Co., Ltd. (being the holding company of Qingdao Qingyuehui)
    and the Project Company entered into the cooperation agreement to regulate the rights and obligations
    of the shareholders of the Project Company upon completion of the Disposal and to cooperate in the
    development of Parcel B4, Parcel B6 and Parcel D11 located at High-tech Zone, Qingdao City, Shandong
    Province. Pursuant to the cooperation agreement, upon completion of the disposal, the Company shall
    be responsible for the continued development and operation of Parcel B4 and shall independently bear
    the risks and enjoy the benefits of Parcel B4, while Qingdao Qingyuehui shall be responsible for the
    development and operation of Parcel B6 and Parcel D11 and Qingdao Qingyuehui and the Company shall
    share the risks and benefits of Parcel B6 and Parcel D11 at the ratio of 90:10.

    As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the aforesaid transaction are more than 5% but
    less than 25%, the transaction constitutes a discloseable transaction of the Company and is subject to the
    reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. The aforesaid transaction
    was completed on 12 November 2021.




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            163
      Report of the Directors




      OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
      Spin-off and separate listing of Jinmao Services on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 31 August 2021, 18 January 2022, 25 January 2022, 28
      January 2022, 6 February 2022, 17 February 2022, 18 February 2022, 25 February 2022, 9 March 2022 and 10
      March 2022 and the circular dated 29 January 2022, the Company has successfully spun off and separately listed
      the shares of Jinmao Services on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00816, the
      “Spin-off”). The Spin-off was completed on 10 March 2022. Upon completion of the Spin-off, Jinmao Services
      remains as a subsidiary of the Company and the Company holds approximately 67.5% of its issued shares.
      Jinmao Services and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision of property management services,
      value-added services to non-property owners and community value-added services in the PRC.

      In order to satisfy the assured entitlement requirement under Practice Note 15 of the Listing Rules, the Company
      distributed a special dividend to the qualifying shareholders by way of a distribution in specie of shares of Jinmao
      Services, conditional upon and contemporaneously with the global offering of the shares of Jinmao Services. In
      this connection, upon obtaining the shareholders’ authorisation, the Board of the Company announced on 18
      February 2022 the distribution of 191,680,031 shares of Jinmao Services to the qualifying shareholders. Qualifying
      shareholders were entitled to one share of Jinmao Service for every 66.2 shares of the Company held on the
      record date (i.e. 23 February 2022).

      The above distribution does not constitute a transaction for the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules
      and the global offering constitutes a deemed disposal of interest in a subsidiary of the Company under Rule
      14.29 of the Listing Rules. As each of the applicable percentage ratios under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in
      respect of the Spin-off is less than 5%, the Spin-off does not constitute a notifiable transaction for the Company
      under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

      MATERIAL LITIGATION
      For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company was not subject to any material litigation that could have
      an adverse impact on the Company.

      EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Save as disclosed under the sections headed “Issuance of Notes”, “Redemption of Notes” and “Other
      Significant Events” under the “Report of the Directors” in this report, there were no material events of the Group
      after the Reporting Period.

      AUDITOR
      The financial reports of the Group have been audited by Ernst & Young, who has offered itself for reappointment.
      A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting to re-appoint Ernst & Young as the
      auditor of the Company. The Company did not change its auditor in the past three years.

      On Behalf of the Board
      NING Gaoning
      Chairman




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
164
Independent Auditor’s Report


                           Ernst & Young             安永會計師事務所                  Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                           27/F, One Taikoo Place    香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號              Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                           979 King’s Road           太古坊一座27樓                  ey.com
                           Quarry Bay, Hong Kong



To the members of China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 172 to 315, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss,
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                 165
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

      Revaluation of investment properties


      The Group adopted the fair value model for its             We considered the competence, capabilities and
      investment properties in accordance with HKAS              objectivity of the external appraisers. We involved
      40 Investment Property . Changes in fair values            our real estate valuation specialists to assist us in
      were recognised in profit or loss. The valuations          evaluating the valuation techniques and assessing
      on the investment properties of the Group as at 31         the underlying assumptions for selected samples. We
      December 2021 were determined by management or             compared market rental assumptions against actual
      independent appraisers engaged by management.              rents of existing lease contracts and external market
      Different valuation techniques were applied to these       rents, expected vacancy rate against historical data
      investment properties. As both the year-end balance        maintained by the Group, and the discount rate,
      of RMB31,564,522,000 and the changes in fair value of      the growth rate and reversionary yield against those
      RMB1,676,648,000 were significant, and the valuation       of peers with similar nature and area of properties.
      involved management judgement and estimates based          We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures
      on a projection of future rental income, growth rate,      of investment properties, including the fair value
      vacancy rate, discount rate and reversionary yield, we     hierarchy.
      considered the revaluation of investment properties a
      key audit matter of our audit.


      Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3 and 18 to
      the consolidated financial statements.


      Impairment assessment of trade receivables


      As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of trade       Our audit procedures included the assessment of the
      receivables of the Group was RMB2,081,970,000,             design, implementation and operating effectiveness of
      arising from its land development revenue, the sale        key internal controls which govern credit control, debt
      of properties, leasing activities, the provision of        collection and estimate of expected credit losses.
      hotel and property management services. The Group
      recognises an impairment provision based on the            We also assessed the reasonableness of management’s
      expected credit loss (“ECL”) approach under HKFRS          expected credit loss allowance by examining the
      9 Financial Instruments . The measurement of ECL           information used by management to form such
      requires the application of significant judgement and      judgement and estimate, including checking the
      estimate, such as the expected future cash flows and       accuracy of the historical default information, and
      forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the    evaluating whether the historical loss rates were
      economic environment.                                      appropriately adjusted based on current economic
                                                                 conditions and forward-looking information.
      Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3 and 24 to
      the consolidated financial statements.                     We also evaluated the Group’s provision for trade
                                                                 receivables by reference to the Group’s subsequent
                                                                 collection of the trade receivables.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
166
                                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Assessment of carrying values of properties for sale      For properties for sale held by the Group
held by the Group, its associates and joint ventures


As at 31 December 2021, the total carrying value of the   We understood and assessed the Group’s assessment
Group’s properties for sale, including properties under   of the carrying values of properties for sale.
development and properties held for sale, amounted
to RMB172,301,713,000.                                    In assessing the NRV of the properties for sale, we
                                                          evaluated, on a sample basis, the reasonableness of
Besides, as at 31 December 2021, the total carrying       their forecasted selling price based on the current
values of investments in associates and joint ventures,   market price of properties of comparable locations
and the amounts due from associates and joint             and conditions, and on our knowledge of the Group’s
ventures amounted to RMB82,573,760,000. Given the         business and the current market development in the
properties for sale represented the majority of the       real estate industry, where appropriate.
total assets of these associates and joint ventures,
management’s assessment on carrying values for the        For construction costs to be incurred to complete
investments in and amounts due from these companies       properties under development, we obtained an
would take into account the carrying values of the        understanding of the management’s process in
properties for sale held by these companies.              estimating the future costs to completion for the
                                                          properties under development and assessed the
The assessment of the carrying values of the properties   reasonableness of the budgeted construction costs,
for sale is complex because it involves significant       on a sample basis, by comparing to the actual
management judgements and estimates regarding,            development costs of similar projects recently
among others, the net realisable value (the “NRV”) of     completed by the Group and by checking to
the properties for sale and anticipated construction      construction contracts and other relevant documents.
costs to be incurred to complete the properties under
development based on existing plans.                      We re-calculated the carrying values of the properties
                                                          for sale based on management’s methodology at the
Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3, 6, 7,       year end.
15, 17, 21, 22 and 27 to the consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                 167
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                                 For properties for sale held by the Group’s
                                                                 associates and joint ventures


                                                                 We understood and assessed the Group’s assessment
                                                                 of the carrying values of the properties for sale held by
                                                                 its significant associates and joint ventures.


                                                                 In assessing the NRV of the properties for sale held
                                                                 by its significant associates and joint ventures, we
                                                                 evaluated, on a sample basis, the reasonableness
                                                                 of their forecasted gross profit margins based on
                                                                 the current market price and unit cost of properties
                                                                 of comparable locations and conditions, and based
                                                                 on our knowledge of the business of the significant
                                                                 associates and joint ventures and the current market
                                                                 development in the real estate industry, where
                                                                 appropriate.


                                                                 We re-calculated the carrying values of the properties
                                                                 for sale held by the Group’s significant associates and
                                                                 joint ventures based on management’s methodology
                                                                 at the year end.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
168
                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report




OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate
the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               169
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
             to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
             that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
             misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
             forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
             are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
             of the Group’s internal control.


      •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
             and related disclosures made by the directors.


      •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
             based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
             that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
             that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
             disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
             opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
             However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


      •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
             the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
             and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
             business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
             are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
             responsible for our audit opinion.


      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
      during our audit.


      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
      be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
      applied.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
170
                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report




From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Kwok Yin.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


29 March 2022




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             171
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                 Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000

       REVENUE                                                     5     90,059,934     60,053,878
       Cost of sales                                                     (73,302,309)   (47,939,514)
       Gross profit                                                      16,757,625     12,114,364
       Other income and gains                                      5      7,028,274      8,698,685
       Selling and marketing expenses                                     (2,378,428)    (1,600,582)
       Administrative expenses                                            (4,675,358)    (3,529,395)
       Other expenses and losses, net                              7      (2,806,638)    (4,381,312)
       Finance costs                                               8      (2,787,670)    (2,726,978)
       Share of profits and losses of:
          Joint ventures                                                    996,077        371,098
          Associates                                                        580,388        698,297
       PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                           6     12,714,270      9,644,177
       Income tax expense                                         11      (5,009,439)    (3,449,056)
       PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                7,704,831      6,195,121

       Attributable to:
          Owners of the parent                                            4,689,944      3,880,986
          Non-controlling interests                                       3,014,887      2,314,135
                                                                          7,704,831      6,195,121

       EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
          ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                   13      RMB cents     RMB cents
       Basic                                                                   36.95          31.86
       Diluted                                                                 36.91          31.66




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
172
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                 Notes              RMB’000               RMB’000

 PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                               7,704,831              6,195,121
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
 Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified
   to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                       1,458,692              2,385,011
   Net gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges                                                 57,096                (56,645)
 Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
   to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of tax                             1,515,788              2,328,366
 Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
   profit or loss in subsequent periods:
     Gains on property revaluation                                 14                  11,179                       –
     Income tax effect                                             36                   (2,795)                     –
 Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
   to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of tax                                   8,384                      –
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
   NET OF TAX                                                                      1,524,172              2,328,366
 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                           9,229,003              8,523,487

 Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                            6,224,453              6,241,210
   Non-controlling interests                                                       3,004,550              2,282,277
                                                                                   9,229,003              8,523,487




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           173
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      31 December 2021




                                                                         31 December   31 December
                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                 Notes      RMB’000       RMB’000

       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                              14      11,732,936     11,307,055
       Properties under development                               15      83,696,594     59,355,429
       Land under development                                     16      13,065,966     10,494,640
       Investment properties                                      18      31,564,522     33,315,404
       Right-of-use assets                                       19(a)     1,697,886      1,635,192
       Intangible assets                                          20         174,888        107,472
       Investments in joint ventures                              21      22,187,070     16,319,443
       Investments in associates                                  22      20,335,619     11,105,070
       Deferred tax assets                                        36       3,248,538      3,052,845
       Due from non-controlling shareholders                      30       4,533,781        866,814
       Due from related parties                                   27      11,857,042     14,413,792
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets            25         446,838        410,581
       Other financial assets                                     28       1,549,336        146,669
       Total non-current assets                                          206,091,016    162,530,406
       CURRENT ASSETS
       Properties under development                               15      61,127,564     79,473,565
       Properties held for sale                                   17      27,477,555     19,399,605
       Land under development                                     16       1,854,024      1,429,269
       Inventories                                                23         234,105        175,892
       Trade receivables                                          24       2,081,970        446,776
       Contract assets                                            26       1,400,898        789,328
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets            25      37,726,274     38,075,532
       Due from related parties                                   27      30,253,973     28,145,679
       Prepaid tax                                                         4,010,454      4,711,321
       Other financial assets                                     28              42        501,047
       Restricted bank balances                                   29       8,693,792      8,622,174
       Cash and cash equivalents                                  29      31,050,637     43,455,580
       Total current assets                                              205,911,288    225,225,768




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
174
                                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                            31 December 2021




                                                                        31 December          31 December
                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                           Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                     31           28,951,562              21,906,848
Other payables and accruals                                  32          103,811,166             104,802,117
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                   34           25,081,186              27,771,429
Lease liabilities                                          19(b)               117,206                 96,548
Due to related parties                                       27           38,966,238              38,135,983
Tax payable                                                                 1,989,835              2,282,501
Derivative financial instruments                             33                 13,623                 10,403
Provision for land appreciation tax                          35             2,314,063              2,074,146
Total current liabilities                                                201,244,879             197,079,975
NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                          4,666,409             28,145,793
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                    210,757,425             190,676,199
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                   34           81,946,903              69,806,849
Long-term payables                                                                      –              71,996
Lease liabilities                                          19(b)              948,770              1,003,027
Other payables and accruals                                  32               771,559                        –
Derivative financial instruments                             33                 28,072                 85,389
Due to related parties                                       27           13,305,676              11,053,950
Deferred tax liabilities                                     36             6,962,817              6,827,906
Total non-current liabilities                                            103,963,797              88,849,117
Net assets                                                               106,793,628             101,827,082

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                38           26,140,465              26,132,248
Other reserves                                                            23,820,884              20,629,816
                                                                          49,961,349              46,762,064
Non-controlling interests                                                 56,832,279              55,065,018
Total equity                                                             106,793,628             101,827,082




                        Li Congrui                                     Jiang Nan
                            Director                                     Director




                                                         CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                    175
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                PRC
                                                                                   Asset   statutory Exchange                           Share                                                Non–
                                                     Share       Capital     revaluation     surplus fluctuation       Hedging         option      Retained       Merger                controlling           Total
                                                    capital      reserve         reserve     reserve     reserve        reserve       reserve        profits      Reserve         Total interests            equity
                                          Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                  (note 38)    (note 40)       (note 40)   (note 40)                  (note 40)     (note 40)
       At 1 January 2020                          21,250,860   (3,369,967)      186,522    4,372,926    (3,062,028)     (39,302)     112,929       19,976,420    6,520,000     45,948,360    46,485,994    92,434,354
       Profit for the year                                 –            –             –            –             –            –            –        3,880,986            –      3,880,986     2,314,135     6,195,121
       Other comprehensive
         income/(loss) for the year:
         Exchange differences on
            translation of foreign
            operations                                    –             –             –           –     2,416,869             –               –             –             –     2,416,869       (31,858)    2,385,011
         Net loss on cash flow hedges                     –             –             –           –             –       (56,645)              –             –             –       (56,645)            –       (56,645)
       Total comprehensive
          income for the year                              –            –             –           –     2,416,869       (56,645)              –     3,880,986             –     6,241,210     2,282,277     8,523,487
       Issue of new shares                 38      4,845,815            –             –           –             –             –               –             –             –     4,845,815             –     4,845,815
       Issue of perpetual capital
          instruments                      37             –             –             –           –              –            –               –             –             –             –     5,000,000     5,000,000
       Redemption of perpetual
          capital instruments              37             –             –             –           –              –            –               –             –             –             –      (621,000)     (621,000)
       Perpetual capital instruments’
          distribution                                    –             –             –           –              –            –               –             –             –             –    (1,134,083)   (1,134,083)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries         42                           –             –           –              –            –               –             –             –             –       628,428       628,428
       Disposal of subsidiaries            43             –             –             –           –              –            –               –             –             –             –    (1,023,942)   (1,023,942)
       Final 2019 dividend declared        12             –             –             –           –              –            –               –    (1,181,924)            –    (1,181,924)            –    (1,181,924)
       2020 interim dividend declared      12             –             –             –           –              –            –               –    (1,364,184)            –    (1,364,184)            –    (1,364,184)
       Acquisition of non-controlling
          interests                                       –    (1,025,491)            –           –              –            –               –             –             –    (1,025,491)   (2,674,761)   (3,700,252)
       Capital contribution from
          non-controlling shareholders                    –       31,064              –           –              –            –               –             –             –       31,064      6,529,564     6,560,628
       Dividends distribution to
          non-controlling shareholders                    –             –             –           –              –            –               –             –             –             –      (407,459)     (407,459)
       Equity-settled share option
          arrangements                     39             –             –             –           –              –            –          87,786             –             –       87,786              –       87,786
       Exercise of share options           38        35,573             –             –           –              –            –          (6,145)            –             –       29,428              –       29,428
       Transfer of share option reserve
          upon the forfeiture of share
          options                                         –             –             –           –              –            –          (7,603)        7,603             –             –             –             –
       Considerations paid for
          acquisition of subsidiaries
          under common control
          combination                                     –             –             –           –              –            –               –             –    (6,850,000)   (6,850,000)            –    (6,850,000)
       Transfer from retained profits                     –             –             –     620,895              –            –               –      (620,895)            –             –             –             –
       At 31 December 2020                        26,132,248   (4,364,394)      186,522    4,993,821     (645,159)      (95,947)     186,967       20,698,006     (330,000) 46,762,064       55,065,018 101,827,082




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
176
                                                                                          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                           PRC
                                                                              Asset   statutory Exchange                           Share                                             Non–
                                                   Share      Capital   revaluation     surplus fluctuation       Hedging         option      Retained      Merger              controlling        Total
                                                  capital     reserve       reserve     reserve     reserve        reserve       reserve        profits     Reserve       Total interests         equity
                                       Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (note 38)   (note 40)     (note 40)   (note 40)                  (note 40)     (note 40)
    At 1 January 2021                          26,132,248 (4,364,394)     186,522     4,993,821     (645,159)      (95,947)        186,967 20,698,006      (330,000) 46,762,064 55,065,018 101,827,082
    Profit for the year                                 –          –            –             –            –             –               – 4,689,944              – 4,689,944 3,014,887 7,704,831
    Other comprehensive
      income/(loss) for the year:
      Exchange differences on
         translation of foreign
         operations                                    –           –             –            –   1,469,029             –                –            –           –   1,469,029      (10,337) 1,458,692
      Net gain on cash flow hedges                     –           –             –            –           –        57,096                –            –           –      57,096            –     57,096
      Net gain on property
         revaluation                                   –           –         8,384            –            –             –               –            –           –       8,384            –        8,384
    Total comprehensive income
       for the year                                    –           –         8,384            –   1,469,029        57,096                –    4,689,944           –   6,224,453 3,004,550       9,229,003
    Repurchase of shares                38             –           –             –            –           –             –                –     (134,804)          –    (134,804)        –        (134,804)
    Issue of perpetual capital
       instruments                      37             –           –             –            –            –             –               –            –           –           –    4,233,900    4,233,900
    Issue expense of perpetual
       capital instruments                             –           –             –            –            –             –               –            –           –           –      (10,964)     (10,964)
    Redemption of perpetual capital
       instruments                      37             –           –             –            –            –             –               –            –           –           – (7,308,847) (7,308,847)
    Perpetual capital instruments’
       distribution                                    –           –             –            –            –             –               –          –             –          – (1,290,474) (1,290,474)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries         42             –           –             –            –            –             –               –          –             –          – 504,183 504,183
    Final 2020 dividend declared        12             –           –             –            –            –             –               – (1,462,990)            – (1,462,990)         – (1,462,990)
    2021 interim dividend declared      12             –           –             –            –            –             –               – (1,266,204)            – (1,266,204)         – (1,266,204)
    Acquisition of non-controlling
       interests                                       –    (116,526)            –            –            –             –               –            –           –    (116,526)    (470,696)    (587,222)
    Capital repayment of
       non-controlling shareholders                    –    (100,322)            –            –            –             –               –            –           –    (100,322) (1,245,488) (1,345,810)
    Capital contribution from
       non-controlling shareholders                    –       2,783             –            –            –             –               –            –           –       2,783    5,569,341    5,572,124
    Dividends distribution to
       non-controlling shareholders                    –           –             –            –            –             –               –            –           –           – (1,218,244) (1,218,244)
    Equity-settled share option
       arrangements                     39             –           –             –            –            –             –         46,127             –           –     46,127             –      46,127
    Exercise of share options           38         8,217           –             –            –            –             –         (1,449)            –           –      6,768             –       6,768
    Transfer of share option reserve
       upon the forfeiture of
       share options                                   –           –             –           –             –             –         (24,922)      24,922           –           –            –            –
    Transfer from retained profits                     –           –             –     527,816             –             –               –     (527,816)          –           –            –            –
    At 31 December 2021                        26,140,465 (4,578,459)* 194,906* 5,521,637*         823,870*       (38,851)* 206,723* 22,021,058*           (330,000)* 49,961,349 56,832,279 106,793,628

*           These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of RMB23,820,884,000 (2020: RMB20,629,816,000) in the
            consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                         CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                             177
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                        Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000

       CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       Profit before tax                                                        12,714,270      9,644,177
       Adjustments for:
         Finance costs                                                    8       2,787,670      2,726,978
         Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates            (1,576,465)    (1,069,395)
         Interest income                                                  5      (2,387,013)    (3,223,777)
         Other investment income                                          5        (631,942)      (556,424)
         Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property, plant and
            equipment                                                    6          14,393            (517)
         Gain on disposal of items of intangible assets                  6             (18)           (307)
         Provision of impairment of trade receivables                   6,24         6,016           5,420
         Impairment of financial assets included in prepayments,
            other receivables and other assets                           6            5,828          3,134
         Impairment of amounts due from related parties                  7                –      1,311,180
         Impairment of properties under development                      7          594,285      1,543,462
         Impairment of properties held for sale                          7          399,306      1,515,492
         Fair value losses/(gains) on investment properties             6,18      1,676,648       (906,121)
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                  6,14        438,676        462,969
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                            6,19        187,087        165,149
         Amortisation of intangible assets                              6,20         23,166         20,940
         Net loss on cash flow hedges                                     6               –            467
         Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                               5,43     (1,068,824)    (1,543,156)
         Fair value gains on the equity interests previously held
            as investments in joint ventures and associates             5,42       (266,183)    (1,307,456)
         Gain on bargain purchase                                       5,42        (93,763)      (146,548)
         Gain on disposal of investments in joint ventures and
            associates                                                    5        (440,906)      (371,007)
         Gain on disposal of an equity investment designated at
            fair value through profit or loss                             5               –        (28,388)
         Equity-settled share option expense                            6,39         46,127         87,786
         Fair value gain of a convertible bond                            5         (20,598)             –
         Gain on acquisition of an associate                              5      (1,660,284)             –
                                                                                 10,747,476      8,334,058
       Increase in properties under development                                 (81,193,195)   (53,555,143)
       Decrease in properties held for sale                                      69,506,049     42,839,506
       (Increase)/decrease in land under development                               (651,524)       961,708
       Increase in inventories                                                      (58,213)        (1,718)
       (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                  (1,641,210)     1,004,768
       Increase in contract assets                                                 (611,570)      (522,319)
       Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, other receivables and
          other assets                                                           1,468,255     (11,563,222)
       Decrease in amounts due from related parties                              1,251,093       2,745,460
       Increase in trade and bills payables                                      7,324,905       3,465,890
       (Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                         (899,534)     36,113,321
       Increase in amounts due to related parties                                  955,971       4,383,213
       Effect of exchange rate changes, net                                        494,611         216,161




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
178
                                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                       2021                  2020
                                                                  Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

Cash generated from operations                                                     6,693,114             34,421,683
Interest received                                                                  2,248,870              2,361,289
PRC corporate income tax paid                                                     (3,014,554)             (2,946,028)
Land appreciation tax paid                                                        (1,489,338)             (2,497,788)
Net cash flows from operating activities                                           4,438,092             31,339,156

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Other investment income received from unlisted investments                           631,942                 556,424
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                  (906,611)              (862,742)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant
  and equipment                                                                        19,579                 60,408
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                                177                    527
Additions to investment properties                                                   (127,856)              (328,198)
Additions to intangible assets                                      20                (90,665)               (77,440)
Increase in other financial assets                                                    (95,253)              (292,977)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                            43             1,802,392                (374,097)
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                         42             1,722,681              (1,504,433)
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                                724,739                 181,660
Investments in joint ventures                                                     (5,497,753)             (5,448,135)
Investments in associates                                                         (6,636,873)             (2,601,726)
Disposal of investments in joint ventures and associates                             628,214              1,260,775
Decrease in loans to joint ventures and associates                                 1,078,965             15,322,219
Increase in loans to non-controlling shareholders                                 (6,252,309)             (3,122,346)
Decrease/(increase) in entrustment loans to
  a substantial shareholder                                                          266,081                (297,458)
Decrease in entrustment loans to third parties                                                 –            (650,068)
Advance of investment to third parties                                            (2,218,749)             (1,008,014)
Decrease in long-term deposits                                                     3,300,000                        –
Increase/(decrease) in restricted bank deposits                                      652,432              (1,111,423)
Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                                 –               (6,286)
Purchase of a convertible bond                                                       (797,657)                      –
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                     (11,796,524)                (303,330)




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           179
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                       Note     RMB’000       RMB’000

       CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Issue of new shares, net of issue expenses                                       –     4,845,815
       Issue of perpetual capital instruments, net of issue expenses           4,222,936      5,000,000
       Repurchase of shares                                                      (134,804)             –
       New bank and other borrowings                                          68,618,009     86,376,198
       Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                 (58,154,516)   (90,375,954)
       Increase in long-term payables                                                   –          1,996
       Interest paid                                                           (4,842,969)    (8,350,752)
       (Repayment)/advance of investment (to)/from third parties               (2,009,034)    1,814,198
       Principal portion of lease payments                                       (125,207)      (138,507)
       Dividends paid                                                          (2,729,194)    (2,546,108)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                          (1,184,867)      (419,459)
       Capital Repayment of non-controlling shareholders                       (1,180,131)             –
       Loans from non-controlling shareholders                                 1,498,586      1,687,381
       Repayment of loans from non-controlling shareholders                    (1,516,023)      (964,134)
       Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                  (440,222)    (3,700,252)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries under common control                                 –     (6,850,000)
       Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders                  4,862,684      6,560,628
       Proceeds from exercise of share options                                      6,768        29,428
       Distributions of perpetual capital instruments paid                     (1,290,474)    (1,134,083)
       Redemption of perpetual capital instruments                             (7,308,847)      (621,000)
       Net cash flows used in financing activities                             (1,707,305)    (8,784,605)
       NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND
          CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                     (9,065,737)   22,251,221
       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                         40,155,580     17,945,788
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                               (39,206)       (41,429)
       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                               31,050,637     40,155,580

       ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
          CASH EQUIVALENTS
       Cash and bank balances                                           29    30,984,729     40,052,376
       Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
          within three months when acquired                                       51,830         45,105
       Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
          over three months when acquired with an option to
          withdraw upon demand similar to demand deposits                         14,078         58,099
       Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
          statement of cash flows                                       29    31,050,637     40,155,580
       Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
          over three months when acquired                                               –     3,300,000
       Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of
          financial position                                            29    31,050,637     43,455,580




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
180
Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2021




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
     China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited (formerly known as Franshion Properties (China) Limited) (the
     “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong on 2 June 2004 under the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance. The registered office of the Company is located at Rooms 4702-03, 47/F, Office
     Tower, Convention Plaza, 1 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. Its shares have been listed on the Main
     Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) since 17 August
     2007.


     During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were involved in
     the following principal activities:


     •         city and property development
     •         commercial leasing and retail operations
     •         hotel operations
     •         provision of property management, design and decoration services


     In the opinion of the directors, the immediate holding company of the Company is Sinochem Hong Kong
     (Group) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, and the ultimate holding company of
     the Company is Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd., a company established in the People’s Republic
     of China (the “PRC”) and is a state-owned enterprise under the supervision of the State-owned Assets
     Supervision and Administration Commission in the PRC.


     Information about subsidiaries
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                                     Place of
                                                                     incorporation/      Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                                     registration and      share capital/   equity attributable
         Company name                                                operations           paid-up capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                             Direct     Indirect

         Shanghai International Shipping Service Center Co., Ltd.*   The PRC/           RMB3,150,000,000       50%          50%    Property development
                                                                       Mainland China


         Sinochem Franshion Property (Beijing) Co., Ltd.***          The PRC/             US$635,000,000      100%            –    Property development
                                                                       Mainland China


         Chongqing Xingqian Properties Development Co., Ltd.*        The PRC/           RMB2,884,540,000          –        73%@    Property development
                                                                       Mainland China


         Jinmao Hangzhou Property Development Co., Ltd.*             The PRC/           RMB3,200,000,000          –       100%     Property development
                                                                       Mainland China


         Nanjing Xingtuo Investment Co., Ltd.**                      The PRC/           RMB3,000,000,000          –         80%    Land development
                                                                       Mainland China




                                                                                           CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                          181
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      1.     CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
             Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
             Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                        Place of
                                                                        incorporation/             Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                                        registration and             share capital/   equity attributable
              Company name                                              operations                  paid-up capital    to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                                                       Direct      Indirect

              Beijing Chemsunny Property Co., Ltd.***                   The PRC/                    US$102,400,000       50%          50%     Property investment
                                                                          Mainland China

              Sinochem Jinmao Property Management                       The PRC/                     RMB5,000,000           –        100%     Property management
                (Beijing) Co.,Ltd.*                                       Mainland China

              Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments and Management Limited   Cayman Islands/               HK$2,000,000      100%             –    Investment holding
                (“JCHIML”)^                                               Hong Kong

              Wangfujing Hotel Management Co., Ltd.***                  The PRC/                     US$73,345,000          –        100%     Hotel operation
                                                                          Mainland China

              China Jin Mao Group Co., Ltd.***                          The PRC/                  RMB2,635,000,000          –        100%     Hotel operation and
                                                                          Mainland China                                                       property investment

              Jin Mao (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.**                 The PRC/                  RMB1,600,000,000          –        100%     Hotel operation
                                                                          Mainland China

              Jin Mao Sanya Resort Hotel Co., Ltd.**                    The PRC/                   RMB300,000,000           –        100%     Hotel operation
                                                                          Mainland China

              Jin Mao Sanya Tourism Co., Ltd.**                         The PRC/                   RMB500,000,000           –        100%     Hotel operation
                                                                          Mainland China

              Jin Mao Shenzhen Hotel Investment Co., Ltd.**             The PRC/                   RMB700,000,000           –        100%     Hotel operation
                                                                          Mainland China

              Jin Mao (Li Jiang) Hotel Investment Co., Ltd.**           The PRC/                  RMB1,500,000,000          –        100%     Hotel operation
                                                                          Mainland China

              Changsha Jin Mao Meixi Lake International Plaza           The PRC/                    US$600,000,000          –        100%     Property development
                Properties Limited***                                     Mainland China

              Jin Mao Investment (Changsha) Co., Ltd.**                 The PRC/                  RMB3,000,000,000          –         80%     Land development
                                                                          Mainland China

              Franshion Brilliant Limited                               British Virgin Islands/               US$1      100%             –    Investment holding
                                                                          Hong Kong

              Franshion Properties (Suzhou) Limited***                  The PRC/                    US$395,000,000          –        100%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China
      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
182
                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                31 December 2021




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)


                                                                 Place of
                                                                 incorporation/       Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                                 registration and       share capital/   equity attributable
      Company name                                               operations            paid-up capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                          Direct     Indirect

      Guangzhou Xingtuo Properties Limited*                      The PRC/             RMB260,000,000           –         90%    Property development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Changsha Jinmao City Construction Limited**                The PRC/            RMB2,962,500,000          –       100%     Land development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Jinmao Assets Management Limited Partnership               Cayman Islands/    RMB11,811,608,710       95%            5%   Property investment
                                                                   Hong Kong


      Suzhou Anmao Property Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou Anmao”)**         The PRC/            RMB4,500,000,000          –       26.5%^^ Property development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Ningbo Xingmao Property Development Co., Ltd.***           The PRC/              US$200,000,000          –       100%     Property development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Shanghai Franshion Development Co., Ltd.*                  The PRC/            RMB7,000,000,000          –         90%    Property development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Nanjing Runmao Property Development Co., Ltd.**            The PRC/            RMB3,000,000,000          –      27.5%#    Property development
        (“Nanjing Runmao”) **                                      Mainland China


      Hangzhou Yimao Property Development Co., Ltd.              The PRC/            RMB2,500,000,000          –        36%^^^ Property development
        (“Hangzhou Yimao”) **                                      Mainland China


      Beijing Franshion Tuoying Property Development Co., Ltd. ** The PRC/             RMB10,000,000           –       100%     Property development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Foshan Maoxing Property Development Co., Ltd.**            The PRC/             RMB820,000,000           –         65%    Property development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Beijing Jinfeng Property Development Co., Ltd.**           The PRC/              RMB11,120,000           –       100%     Property development
                                                                   Mainland China


      Jinmao Investment Management (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.**         The PRC/              RMB50,000,000           –       100%     Investment management
                                                                   Mainland China




                                                                                        CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                        183
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      1.     CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
             Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
             Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)


                                                                        Place of
                                                                        incorporation/      Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                                        registration and      share capital/   equity attributable
              Company name                                              operations           paid-up capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                                Direct     Indirect

              Hangzhou Qinmao Property Development Co., Ltd.*           The PRC/           RMB4,000,000,000          –         60%    Property development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Wuhan Huazi Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd**   The PRC/           RMB6,520,000,000          –       100%     Investment holding
                                                                          Mainland China


              Jinan Yuanmao Property Development Co., Ltd.**            The PRC/           RMB3,162,657,780          –       100%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Tianjin Jinhui Property Development Co., Ltd.**           The PRC/           RMB2,580,000,000          –       100%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Shenzhen Yuemao Property Development Co., Ltd.**          The PRC/            RMB500,000,000           –         80%    Property development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Zhengzhou Maohui Property Development Co., Ltd.**         The PRC/           RMB1,530,000,000          –       100%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Ningbo Cimao Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.**          The PRC/            RMB410,000,000           –       36%##    Property development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Ningbo Yongmao Construction Development Co., Ltd.**       The PRC/            RMB400,000,000           –         80%    Land development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Wuhan Xingmao Enterprise Management                       The PRC/              RMB8,000,000           –       100%     Property development
                Consulting Co., Ltd.**                                    Mainland China


              Kaimao Property (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.**                    The PRC/           RMB2,150,000,000          –       50%##    Property development
                                                                          Mainland China


              Beijing Xingtuo Real Estate Co., Ltd.**                   The PRC/             RMB50,000,000           –       100%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
184
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2021




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)

     *     Registered as Sino-foreign joint ventures under PRC law
     **    Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law
     ***   Registered as wholly-foreign-owned entities under PRC law
     ^     Ordinary shares of JCHIML are stapled to units of a trust namely Jinmao Hotel and are listed on the Main Board
           of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. JCHIML and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the JCHIML Group.
           On 5 October 2020, JCHIML Group finished its privatisation transaction and withdrawal of its listing of the share
           stapled units on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
     @
           This entity is a subsidiary of a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and, accordingly, is accounted for as a
           subsidiary by virtue of the Company’s control over it.
     #
           The Group is entitled to 57.5% voting rights at the shareholders’ meetings, and therefore has the power to exercise
           over the entity’s operating and management activities.
     ^^
           The Group is entitled to 52% voting rights at the shareholders’ meetings, and therefore has the power to exercise
           over the entity’s operating and management activities.
     ^^^
           The Group is entitled to 60% voting rights at the shareholders’ meetings, and therefore has the power to exercise
           over the entity’s operating and management activities.
     ##
           The Group is entitled to 51% voting rights at the shareholders’ meetings, and therefore has the power to exercise
           over the entity’s operating and management activities.


     The English names of certain of the above companies represent the best efforts by management of the
     Company in directly translating the Chinese names of these companies as no English names have been
     registered or available.


     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
     affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
     details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
     These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting
     Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for investment
     properties, derivative financial instruments and other financial assets which have been measured at fair
     value. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand
     except when otherwise indicated.


     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
     (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2021. A subsidiary is an entity
     (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when
     the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the
     ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group
     the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).




                                                                          CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                     185
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
             Basis of consolidation (Continued)
             When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an
             investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over
             an investee, including:


             (a)    the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


             (b)    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


             (c)    the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


             The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company,
             using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which
             the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


             Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
             parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests
             having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows
             relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


             The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
             are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership
             interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


             If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities
             of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation
             differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair
             value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share
             of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or
             retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed
             of the related assets or liabilities.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
186
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2021




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
   The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
   statements.


   Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7,               Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
     HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
   Amendment to HKAS 16                                   Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond
                                                            30 June 2021 (early adopted)

   The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs are described below:


   (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 address issues not dealt with in
         the previous amendments which affect financial reporting when an existing interest rate benchmark
         is replaced with an alternative risk-free rate (“RFR”). The amendments provide a practical expedient
         to allow the effective interest rate to be updated without adjusting the carrying amount of financial
         assets and liabilities when accounting for changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash
         flows of financial assets and liabilities, if the change is a direct consequence of the interest rate
         benchmark reform and the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically
         equivalent to the previous basis immediately preceding the change. In addition, the amendments
         permit changes required by the interest rate benchmark reform to be made to hedge designations
         and hedge documentation without the hedging relationship being discontinued. Any gains or losses
         that could arise on transition are dealt with through the normal requirements of HKFRS 9 to measure
         and recognise hedge ineffectiveness. The amendments also provide a temporary relief to entities
         from having to meet the separately identifiable requirement when an RFR is designated as a risk
         component. The relief allows an entity, upon designation of the hedge, to assume that the separately
         identifiable requirement is met, provided the entity reasonably expects the RFR risk component to
         become separately identifiable within the next 24 months. Furthermore, the amendments require an
         entity to disclose additional information to enable users of financial statements to understand the
         effect of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity’s financial instruments and risk management
         strategy. The amendments did not have significant impact on the financial position and performance
         of the Group.


   (b)   Amendment to HKFRS 16 issued in April 2021 extends the availability of the practical expedient for
         lessees to elect not to apply lease modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct
         consequence of the covid-19 pandemic by 12 months. Accordingly, the practical expedient applies to
         rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or
         before 30 June 2022, provided the other conditions for applying the practical expedient are met. The
         amendment is effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021 with any
         cumulative effect of initially applying the amendment recognised as an adjustment to the opening
         balance of retained profits at the beginning of the current accounting period. Earlier application is
         permitted. The Group has early adopted the amendment on 1 January 2021 and amendment did not
         have significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           187
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS
             The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
             effective, in these financial statements.


             Amendments to HKFRS 3                               Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1
             Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                 HKAS 28 (2011)                                     Associate or Joint Venture3
             HKFRS 17                                            Insurance Contracts 2
             Amendments to HKFRS 17                              Insurance Contracts 2,5
             Amendments to HKFRS 17                              Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9-Comparative
                                                                    information2
             Amendments to HKAS 1                                Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 2,4
             Amendments to HKAS 1 and                            Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2
                 HKFRS Practice Statement 2
             Amendments to HKAS 8                                Definition of Accounting Estimates 2
             Amendments to HKAS 12                               Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                   Single Transaction2
             Amendments to HKAS 16                               Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use1
            Amendments to HKAS 37                                Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1
            Annual Improvements to HKFRSs                        Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
              2018-2020                                            accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 411

             1
                    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
             2
                    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
             3
                    No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
             4
                    As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements
                    – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised in
                    October 2020 to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
             5
                    As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the
                    temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning
                    before 1 January 2023


             Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described
             below.


            Amendments to HKFRS 3 are intended to replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation
            and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial
            Reporting issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add
            to HKFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to
            determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent
            liabilities that would be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately
            rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or
            HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify
            that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group expects to adopt
            the amendments prospectively from 1 January 2022. Since the amendments apply prospectively to business
            combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the date of first application, the Group will not be
            affected by these amendments on the date of transition.



      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
188
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2021




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)
   Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements in
   HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and
   its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a
   downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or
   joint venture constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a
   gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent
   of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied
   prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was
   removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory effective date will be determined after the
   completion of a broader review of accounting for associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments
   are available for adoption now.


   Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify the requirements for
   classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments specify that if an entity’s right to defer
   settlement of a liability is subject to the entity complying with specified conditions, the entity has a right
   to defer settlement of the liability at the end of the reporting period if it complies with those conditions at
   that date. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to
   defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement
   of a liability. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and
   shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have
   any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


   Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material
   accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy
   information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial
   statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose
   financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice
   Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting
   policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
   2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to HKFRS
   Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The
   Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments on the Group’s accounting policy disclosures.




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                189
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (Continued)
             Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
             accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that
             are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement
             techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting
             periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in
             accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The
             amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


             Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception so that it no longer applies
             to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases
             and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset
             and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments
             are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to
             transactions related to leases and decommissioning obligations at the beginning of the earliest comparative
             period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of
             retained profits or other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments
             shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier
             application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
             financial statements.


             Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant
             and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and
             condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an
             entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items, in profit or loss.
             The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and shall be applied
             retrospectively only to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the
             beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which the entity first applies the
             amendments. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
             impact on the Group’s financial statements.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
190
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)
   Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under
   HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs
   that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct
   labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g.,
   an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling
   the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do
   not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty
   under the contract. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
   and shall be applied to contracts for which an entity has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at the beginning
   of the annual reporting period in which it first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. Any
   cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening
   equity at the date of initial application without restating the comparative information. The amendments are
   not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


   Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
   Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are expected to be
   applicable to the Group are as follows:


   •    HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether
        the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the
        original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and
        the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf.
        An entity applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after
        the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the amendment. The
        amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. Earlier application
        is permitted. The amendment is not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s financial
        statements.


   •    HKFRS 16 Leases : removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold
        improvements in Illustrative Example 13 accompanying HKFRS 16. This removes potential confusion
        regarding the treatment of lease incentives when applying HKFRS 16.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              191
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
             Investments in associates and joint ventures
             An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the
             equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence
             is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control
             or joint control over those policies.


             A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
             have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control
             of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous
             consent of the parties sharing control.


             The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
             financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
             impairment losses. Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may
             exist.


             The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
             ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive
             income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of
             the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the
             consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions
             between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
             investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
             impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is
             included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


             If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest
             is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all
             other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture,
             the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the
             carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the
             fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.


             When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in
             accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
192
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Interests in joint operations
   A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
   have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.


   The Group recognises in relation to its interest in a joint operation:


   •    its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly;


   •    its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly;


   •    its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;


   •    its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and


   •    its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly.


   The assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to the Group’s interest in a joint operation are
   accounted for in accordance with the HKFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and
   expenses.


   Business combinations and goodwill
   Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
   is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of
   assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
   and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business
   combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are
   present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event
   of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other
   components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed
   as incurred.


   The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
   includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
   outputs.


   When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
   classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and
   pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in
   host contracts of the acquiree.


   If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
   acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                        CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                   193
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
             Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
             date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
             value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured
             and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


             Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred,
             the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
             interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
             consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
             reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.


             After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill
             is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
             the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
             December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from
             the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating
             units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other
             assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


             Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
             generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit
             (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An
             impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


             Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part
             of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of
             is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal.
             Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation
             disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
194
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Fair value measurement
   The Group measures its investment properties, derivative financial instruments and certain financial assets
   at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
   transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair
   value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability
   takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market,
   in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market
   must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions
   that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act
   in their economic best interest.


   A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
   generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market
   participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


   The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
   are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the
   use of unobservable inputs.


   All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
   categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
   significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


   Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
   Level 2 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
              measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
   Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
              measurement is unobservable


   For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
   determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
   (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
   each reporting period.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              195
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Impairment of non-financial assets
             Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required
             (other than inventories, properties under development, land under development, properties held for
             sale, deferred tax assets, financial assets and investment properties), the asset’s recoverable amount is
             estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in
             use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does
             not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in
             which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
             In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset
             (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a
             reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


             An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
             assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
             discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
             the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.


             An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
             previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication
             exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than
             goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
             amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been
             determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in
             prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period
             in which it arises.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
196
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Related parties
   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


   (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


         (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


         (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


         (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


   or


   (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


         (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


         (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                 subsidiary of the other entity);


         (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


         (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                 entity;


         (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                 an entity related to the Group;


         (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


         (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                 management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


         (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                 services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  197
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
             Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
             depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as
             held for sale or when it is part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is
             accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5, as further explained in the accounting policy for “Non-current
             assets and disposal groups held for sale”. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises
             its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and
             location for its intended use.


             Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
             repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is
             incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection
             is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property,
             plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual
             assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


             Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
             and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this
             purpose are as follows:


             Hotel properties                                    1.7% – 9.5%
             Leasehold improvements                              18% – 20%
             Buildings                                           2% – 5%
             Furniture, fixtures and office equipment            3.8% – 33.3%
             Motor vehicles                                      8.3% – 20%

             Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item
             is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual
             values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each
             financial year end.


             An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised
             upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss
             on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised
             is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


             Construction in progress represents a building under construction or equipment under installation or
             testing, which is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the
             direct costs of construction/equipment and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during
             the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property,
             plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
198
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Investment properties
   Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-
   of-use asset which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn rental
   income and/or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services
   or for administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary course of business. Such properties are measured
   initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are
   stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the reporting period.


   Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the
   statement of profit or loss in the year in which they arise.


   Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement
   of profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.


   For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties or inventories, the deemed cost of
   a property for subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by
   the Group as an owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such
   property in accordance with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” for
   owned property and/or accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under “Right-of-use
   assets” for property held as a right-of-use asset up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that
   date between the carrying amount and the fair value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation with
   surplus credited to the asset revaluation reserve and deficit charged to the statement of profit or loss. For
   a transfer from inventories to investment properties, any difference between the fair value of the property
   at that date and its previous carrying amount is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


   Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
   Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be
   recovered principally through a sales transaction rather than through continuing use. For this to be the
   case, the asset or disposal group must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only
   to terms that are usual and customary for the sale of such assets or disposal groups and its sale must be
   highly probable. All assets and liabilities of a subsidiary classified as a disposal group are reclassified as
   held for sale regardless of whether the Group retains a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after
   the sale.


   Non-current assets and disposal groups (other than investment properties and financial assets) classified as
   held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs to sell. Property,
   plant and equipment and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortised.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              199
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
             Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
             assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives
             of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
             subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an
             indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method
             for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


             Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the
             cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset
             with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to
             be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on
             a prospective basis.


            Computer software
             Purchased computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-
             line basis over its estimated useful life of 5 to 10 years.


             Leases
             The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
             contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
             time in exchange for consideration.


            Group as a lessee
             The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
             leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and
             right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets. At inception or on reassessment of
             a contract that contains a lease component and non-lease component(s), the Group adopts the practical
             expedient not to separate non-lease component(s) and to account for the lease component and the
             associated non-lease component(s) (e.g., property management services for leases of properties) as a single
             lease component.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
200
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Leases (Continued)
   Group as a lessee (Continued)
   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
         underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
         depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
         The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
         incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
         received. Where applicable, the cost of a right-of-use asset also includes an estimate of costs to
         dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it
         is located. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease
         terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


         Leasehold land                               30 to 70 years
         Office properties and staff quarters         2 to 15 years

         If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost
         reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of
         the asset.


         When the right-of-use assets relate to interests in leasehold land held as properties held for sale,
         they are subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value in accordance with
         the Group’s policy for “properties held for sale”. When a right-of-use asset meets the definition of
         investment property, it is included in investment properties. The corresponding right-of-use asset is
         initially measured at cost, and subsequently measured at fair value, in accordance with the Group’s
         policy for “investment properties”.


   (b)   Lease liabilities
         Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
         payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
         substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend
         on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
         payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by
         the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
         exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on
         an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that
         triggers the payment occurs.


         In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
         rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
         determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the
         accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of
         lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease
         payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a
         change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              201
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Leases (Continued)
            Group as a lessee (Continued)
            (c)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                    The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties,
                    machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
                    commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). When the Group enters into a lease
                    in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-
                    lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an
                    expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


            Group as a lessor
             When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each
             of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.


             Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership
             of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components,
             the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling
             price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included
             in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in
             negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and
             recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as
             revenue in the period in which they are earned.


             Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
             the lessee, are accounted for as finance leases. At the commencement date, the cost of the leased asset
             is capitalised at the present value of the lease payments and related payments (including the initial direct
             costs), and presented as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease. The finance
             income on the net investment in the lease is recognised in the statement of profit or loss so as to provide a
             constant periodic rate of return over the lease terms.


             When the Group is an intermediate lessor, a sublease is classified as a finance lease or operating lease with
             reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to
             which the Group applies the on-balance sheet recognition exemption, the Group classifies the sublease as
             an operating lease.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
202
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Land under development
   Land under development is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value and comprises the
   compensation for land requisition, project costs, other preliminary infrastructure costs, borrowing costs,
   professional fees and other costs directly attributable to such land under development during the
   development period.


   Land under development which has been pre-sold or intended for sale and is expected to be completed
   within one year from the end of the reporting period is classified under current assets. Net realisable value
   takes into account the Group’s proceeds derived from the sale of land under development by government
   authorities, less costs to completion and the costs to be incurred in realising the revenue derived from the
   sale of land under development based on prevailing market conditions.


   Properties under development
   Properties under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value and comprise
   construction costs, borrowing costs, professional fees and other costs directly attributable to such
   properties incurred during the development period.


   Properties under development which have been pre-sold or intended for sale and are expected to be
   completed within one year from the end of the reporting period are classified under current assets. On
   completion, the properties are transferred to properties held for sale.


   Properties held for sale
   Properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.


   Cost of properties held for sale is determined by an apportionment of total land and building costs
   attributable to the unsold properties.


   Net realisable value is determined by reference to the sales proceeds of properties sold in the ordinary
   course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses, or by management’s estimates based on the
   prevailing market conditions, on an individual property basis.


   Investments and other financial assets
   Initial recognition and measurement
   Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
   through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


   The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
   flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
   receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
   practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially
   measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through
   profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or
   for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined
   under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.


                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               203
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
            Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)
             In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
             comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
             interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are
             classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


             The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
             order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
             contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
             amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to
             collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
             contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business
             models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


             All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date
             that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales
             of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
             convention in the marketplace.


            Subsequent measurement
             The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


             Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
             Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
             subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is
             derecognised, modified or impaired.


            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
             value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


             This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably
             elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments
             classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in
             the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the
             economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can
             be measured reliably.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
204
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)
   A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from
   the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely
   related to the host: a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet
   the definition of a derivative: and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
   Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement
   of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
   significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial
   asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


   A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
   separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
   entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.


   Derecognition of financial assets
   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
   assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
   position) when:


   •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


   •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset, or has assumed an obligation
         to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
         arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the
         asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of
         the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


   When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
   through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership
   of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset
   nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent
   of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The
   transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations
   that the Group has retained.


   Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
   lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the
   Group could be required to repay.




                                                                         CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                    205
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets
             The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
             fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
             in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
             approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from
             the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.


            General approach
             ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase
             in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events
             that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there
             has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit
             losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime
             ECL).


             At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
             significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a
             default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring
             on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable
             information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking
             information.


             The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due.
             However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
             external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in
             full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off
             when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


             Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are
             classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract
             assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


             Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
                          and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


             Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
                          that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                          amount equal to lifetime ECLs


             Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                          originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                          lifetime ECLs




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
206
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
   Simplified approach
   For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when
   the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
   the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group
   does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at
   each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss
   experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


   For trade receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease
   receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating
   ECLs with policies as described above.


   Financial liabilities
   Initial recognition and measurement
   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
   loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective
   hedge, as appropriate.


   All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
   payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


   The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, other payables, amounts due to related
   parties, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, long-term payables, and derivative
   financial instruments.


   Subsequent measurement
   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and
   financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.


   Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing
   in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group
   that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated
   embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective
   hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit
   or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any
   interest charged on these financial liabilities.




                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  207
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Financial liabilities (Continued)
            Subsequent measurement (Continued)
             Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated
             at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on
             liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss,
             except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other
             comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair
             value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on
             these financial liabilities.


             Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
             After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings and lease liabilities are subsequently
             measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would
             be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of
             profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation
             process.


             Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees
             or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
             included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.


            Financial guarantee contracts
             Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made
             to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due
             in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially
             as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of
             the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at
             the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment of
             financial assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of
             income recognised.


             Derecognition of financial liabilities
             A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
             expires.


             When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
             terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
             treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
             between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


             Offsetting of financial instruments
             Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of
             financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there
             is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
208
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
   Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
   The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts and interest rate swaps,
   to hedge its foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments
   are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are
   subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and
   as liabilities when the fair value is negative.


   Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement
   of profit or loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other
   comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss.


   For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:


   •     fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or
         liability or an unrecognised firm commitment; or


   •     cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a
         particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction,
         or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment; or


   •     hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.


   At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
   relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective and its
   strategy for undertaking the hedge.


   The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of
   the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
   effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge
   ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the following
   effectiveness requirements:


   •     There is “an economic relationship” between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


   •     The effect of credit risk does not “dominate the value changes” that result from that economic
         relationship.


   •     The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
         hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
         Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              209
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (Continued)
            Initial recognition and subsequent measurement (Continued)
             Hedges which meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:


            Cash flow hedges
             The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in other
             comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised
             immediately in the statement of profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of the
             cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged
             item.


             The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature
             of the underlying hedged transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition
             of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in equity is removed from the separate component of
             equity and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability. This is not
             a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the period.
             This also applies where the hedged forecast transaction of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability
             subsequently becomes a firm commitment to which fair value hedge accounting is applied.


             For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified to
             the statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods during which
             the hedged cash flows affect the statement of profit or loss.


             If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other
             comprehensive income must remain in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future cash
             flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount will be immediately reclassified to the statement of
             profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. After the discontinuation, once the hedged cash flow occurs,
             any amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income is accounted for depending on the
             nature of the underlying transaction as described above.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
210
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (Continued)
   Current versus non-current classification
   Derivative instruments that are not designated as effective hedging instruments are classified as current or
   non-current or separated into current and non-current portions based on an assessment of the facts and
   circumstances (i.e., the underlying contracted cash flows).


   •     Where the Group expects to hold a derivative as an economic hedge (and does not apply hedge
         accounting) for a period beyond 12 months after the end of the reporting period, the derivative is
         classified as non-current (or separated into current and non-current portions) consistently with the
         classification of the underlying item.


   •     Embedded derivatives that are not closely related to the host contract are classified consistently with
         the cash flows of the host contract.


   •     Derivative instruments that are designated as, and are effective hedging instruments, are classified
         consistently with the classification of the underlying hedged item. The derivative instruments are
         separated into current portions and non-current portions only if a reliable allocation can be made.


   Inventories
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
   average basis. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be
   incurred to completion and disposal.


   Cash and cash equivalents
   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
   on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into
   known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity
   of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and
   form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise
   cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not
   restricted as to use.


   Provisions
   A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past
   event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided
   that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


   When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at
   the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation.
   The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance
   costs in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             211
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Income tax
             Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or
             loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


             Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
             taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
             the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the
             countries in which the Group operates.


             Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
             period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
             purposes.


             Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


             •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
                    transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                    accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


             •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                    joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
                    probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


             Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
             unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is
             probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the
             carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


             •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                    recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time
                    of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


             •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
                    and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the
                    temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
                    which the temporary differences can be utilised.


             The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
             the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of
             the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each
             reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit
             will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
212
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Income tax (Continued)
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
   when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
   or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable
   right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
   liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or
   different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to
   realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts
   of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.


   Government grants
   Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
   be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
   it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
   compensate, are expensed.


   Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released
   to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual
   instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or
   loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.


   Revenue recognition
   Revenue from contracts with customers
   Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to
   the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
   exchange for those goods or services.


   When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated
   to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer.
   The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable
   that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the
   associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


   When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit
   of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured
   at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected
   in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the
   contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for
   more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the
   contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment
   by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price
   is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS
   15.

                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               213
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Revenue recognition (Continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
            (a)    Sale of completed properties
                    Revenue from the sale of completed properties is recognised at the point in time when control of the
                    asset is transferred to the customer, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the physical
                    possession or the legal title of the completed property and the Group has obtained the right to
                    payment and the collection of the consideration is probable;


            (b)    Land development
                    Revenue from land development is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                    transferred to the customers, that is when the related construction works have been completed as
                    well as land is sold, and the collectability of the proceeds from land sales is reasonably assured;


            (c)    Hotel operations
                    Hotel and other service income is recognised in the period in which such services are rendered
                    because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group;


            (d)    Property management services
                    Revenue from the rendering of property management services is recognised over the scheduled
                    period on a straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                    benefits provided by the Group;


             (e)    Design, construction and decoration services
                    Revenue from the provision of design, construction and decoration services is recognised over time,
                    using an input method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the service, because
                    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is
                    created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the actual
                    costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the design, construction and
                    decoration services.


            Revenue from other sources
             Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that
             do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are
             incurred.


             Other income
             Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate
             that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument
             or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


             Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
             probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of
             the dividend can be measured reliably.


      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
214
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Contract assets
   A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the
   customer. If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays
   consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that
   is conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the
   accounting policies for impairment of financial assets.


   Contract liabilities
   A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from
   a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
   revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services
   to the customer).


   Contract costs
   Other than the costs which are capitalised as properties under development, land under development,
   inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a
   customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:


   (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
         identify.


   (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing
         to satisfy) performance obligations in the future.


   (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.


   The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic
   basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates.
   Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.


   Share-based payments
   The Company operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to
   eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including
   directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees
   render services as consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).


   The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants is measured by reference to the fair value
   at the date at which they are granted.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               215
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Share-based payments (Continued)
             The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
             corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
             fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting
             period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s
             best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the
             statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as
             at the beginning and end of that period.


             Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant
             date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s
             best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions
             are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an
             associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are
             reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are
             also service and/or performance conditions.


             For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have
             not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
             transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied,
             provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


             Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as
             if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense
             is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
             otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.


             Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and
             any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where
             non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a
             new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date
             that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original
             award, as described in the previous paragraph.


             The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of
             earnings per share.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
216
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Pension schemes
   The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
   Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees who are eligible
   to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
   salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the
   rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an
   independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when
   contributed into the MPF Scheme.


   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate
   in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are required
   to contribute certain percentages of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions
   are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the
   central pension scheme.


   Termination benefits
   Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of
   those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination
   benefits.


   Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
   i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
   are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
   when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the
   temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted
   from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they
   are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the
   borrowing of funds.


   Where funds have been borrowed generally, and used for the purpose of obtaining qualifying assets, a
   weighted average capitalisation rate of 2.98 % has been applied to the expenditure on the group level.


   Dividends
   Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
   meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


   Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and
   articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim
   dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             217
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             Foreign currencies
             These financial statements are presented in RMB, while the Company’s functional currency is HK$. Each
             entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements
             of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the
             entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the
             dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated
             at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period.


             Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit
             or loss with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net
             investment of a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net
             investment is disposed of, at which time the cumulative amount is reclassified to the statement of profit
             or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also
             recorded in other comprehensive income.


             Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
             the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in
             a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.
             The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with
             the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the
             item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also
             recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).


             In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
             derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
             date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or
             non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts
             in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
             consideration.


             The functional currencies of the Company and subsidiaries operating outside Mainland China are
             currencies other than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
             entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and
             their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those
             prevailing at the dates of the transactions.


             The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
             exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive
             income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


             Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
             amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
             operation and translated at the closing rate.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
218
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
     translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently
     recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arises throughout the year are translated into Hong
     Kong dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
     and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
     accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
     and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

     Judgements
     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following
     judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts
     recognised in the financial statements:

     Classification between investment properties and properties held for sale
     The Group develops properties held for sale and properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital
     appreciation or both. Judgement is made by management in determining whether a property is designated
     as an investment property or a property held for sale. The Group considers its intention for holding the
     properties at the early development stage of the related properties. During the course of construction, the
     related properties under construction are accounted for as properties under development if the properties
     are intended for sale after completion. Upon completion of construction, properties under development
     are transferred to completed properties held for sale and are stated at cost. Properties under construction
     are accounted for as investment properties if the properties are intended to be held to earn rentals and/or
     for capital appreciation after completion.

     Estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
     the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
     of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

     Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The
     provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar
     loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating, and credit insurance).

     The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
     calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
     instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over
     the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the properties development sector,
     the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
     updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              219
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
             Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
            Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
             The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions
             and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
             economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions
             may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs
             on the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in note 24 and note 26 to the financial
             statements, respectively.


            Provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from joint ventures and associates
             The Group uses general approach to calculate ECLs on the amounts due from joint ventures and associates.
             For those associates and joint ventures undertaking property development projects, if applicable, the
             provision is measured at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL which would be calculated by taking into
             account the impairment losses of the properties under development and properties held for sale held by
             the associates and joint ventures. The ECLs reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic
             conditions, as appropriate. The assessment of the carrying value of properties under development and
             properties held for sale held by the associates and joint ventures and ECLs is a significant estimate. As at
             31 December 2021, the loss allowance was assessed and recognised at an amount of RMB1,311,180,000
             (2020: RMB1,311,180,000). Further details are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.


            Estimation of fair value of investment properties
             In the absence of current prices in an active market for similar properties, the Group considers information
             from a variety of sources, including:


             (a)    current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted
                    to reflect those differences;


             (b)    recent prices of similar properties on less active markets, with adjustments to reflect any changes in
                    economic conditions since the dates of the transactions that occurred at those prices; and


             (c)    discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the
                    terms of any existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as
                    current market rents for similar properties in the same location and condition, and using discount
                    rates that reflect current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash
                    flows.


             The carrying amount of investment properties at 31 December 2021 was RMB31,564,522,000 (2020:
             RMB33,315,404,000). Further details, including the key assumptions used for the fair value measurement,
             are given in note 18 to the financial statements.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
220
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Measurement of properties under development
     The Group’s properties under development is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
     Development costs of properties are recorded as properties under development during the construction
     stage and will be transferred to completed properties held for sale upon completion. An apportionment
     of these costs will be recognised in the statement of profit or loss upon the recognition of the sale of the
     properties. Before the final settlement of the development costs and other costs relating to the sale of the
     properties, these costs are accrued by the Group based on management’s best estimate.


     When developing properties, the Group may divide the development projects into phases. Specific costs
     directly related to the development of a particular phase are recorded as the cost of such phase. Common
     costs are allocated to individual phases based on the estimated saleable area of the entire development
     project. Where the final settlement of costs and the related cost allocation is different from the initial
     estimates, any increase or decrease in the development costs and other costs would affect profit or loss in
     future years.


     Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the subject project, the Group makes estimates
     of cost of properties under development, and its net realisable value, i.e., the revenue to be derived
     from the properties under development for sale, less costs to completion and the costs to be incurred
     in realising the revenue from the sale of properties under development based on prevailing market
     conditions.


     If the cost is higher than the estimated net realisable value, provision for the excess of cost of properties
     under development over its net realisable value should be made. Such provision would require the use
     of judgement and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, the carrying
     value and provision for properties under development in the periods in which such estimate is changed
     will be adjusted accordingly. The carrying amount of properties under development at 31 December 2021
     was RMB144,824,158,000 (2020: RMB138,828,994,000). Further details are given in note 15 to the financial
     statements.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              221
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
             Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
            Measurement of land under development
             The Group’s land under development is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of land
             under development during the construction stage, before the final settlement of the development costs
             and other costs relating to the land under development are accrued by the Group based on management’s
             best estimate. Where the final settlement of costs and the related cost allocation is different from the initial
             estimates, any increase or decrease in the development costs and other costs would affect profit or loss in
             future years. Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the subject land development, the
             Group makes estimates of cost allocated to each parcel of land under development, and its net realisable
             value, i.e., the revenue to be derived from the land under development for sale by government authorities,
             less costs to completion and the costs to be incurred in realising the revenue from the sale of land under
             development based on prevailing market conditions.


             If the cost is higher than the estimated net realisable value, provision for the excess of cost of land under
             development over its net realisable value should be made. Such provision would require the use of
             judgement and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, the carrying value
             and provision for land under development in the periods in which such estimate is changed will be adjusted
             accordingly. The carrying amount of land under development at 31 December 2021 was RMB14,919,990,000
             (2020: RMB11,923,909,000). Further details are given in note 16 to the financial statements.


            Estimation of net realisable value for properties held for sale
             Properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The net realisable value is
             assessed with reference to market conditions and prices existing at the end of the reporting period and is
             determined by the Group having taken suitable external advice and in light of recent market transactions.
             The carrying amounts of properties held for sale at 31 December 2021 were RMB27,477,555,000 (2020:
             RMB19,399,605,000). Further details are given in note 17 to the financial statements.


            Provision for impairment of properties for sale
             Management reviews the market conditions of properties for sale held by the Group and associates and
             joint ventures at the end of each reporting period, and makes provision for impairment of properties for
             sale identified that the net realisable value is lower than cost. Management estimates the net realisable
             value for properties for sale based primarily on the latest selling prices and current market conditions. If the
             condition was to deteriorate so that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would
             be required to revise the basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected. Further
             details are given in note 17 to the financial statements.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
222
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
     profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is
     required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely
     timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value
     of deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses at 31 December 2021 was RMB1,148,139,000 (2020:
     RMB682,961,000). The amount of unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2021 was RMB6,233,364,000
     (2020: RMB4,508,776,000). Further details are contained in note 36 to the financial statements.


     PRC corporate income tax
     The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. As a result of the fact that certain matters relating to
     the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau, objective estimate and judgement
     based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are required in determining the
     provision for income taxes to be made. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the
     amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the income tax and tax provisions in the period
     in which the differences realise. The carrying amount of income tax payable at 31 December 2021 was
     RMB1,989,835,000 (2020: RMB2,282,501,000).


     PRC land appreciation tax (“LAT”)
     The Group is subject to LAT in the PRC. The provision for LAT is based on management’s best estimates
     according to the understanding of the requirements set forth in the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations.
     The actual LAT liabilities are subject to the determination by the local tax authorities upon the completion
     of the Group’s property development projects. The Group has not finalised its LAT tax returns and
     payments with the local tax authorities for its property development projects. When the final outcome is
     determined, it may be different from the amounts that were initially recorded, and any differences will affect
     the current income tax expense and LAT provision in the period which LAT is ascertained. The carrying
     amount of provision for LAT at 31 December 2021 was RMB2,314,063,000 (2020: RMB2,074,146,000). Further
     details are given in note 35 to the financial statements.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               223
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
             For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services
             and has four reportable operating segments as follows:


             (a)    the city and property development segment develops city complexes and properties and develops
                    land;


             (b)    the commercial leasing and retail operations segment leases office and retail commercial premises;


             (c)    the hotel operations segment provides hotel accommodation services, food and beverage; and


             (d)    the “others” segment mainly comprises the provision of property management, design and
                    decoration services, and the operation of an observation deck.


             Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making
             decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated
             based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit before tax. The adjusted profit
             before tax is measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that interest income, other
             investment income, non-lease-related finance costs, fair value gain on a convertible bond and corporate
             and other unallocated expenses are excluded from such measurement.


             Segment assets exclude derivative financial instruments, deferred tax assets, prepaid tax, restricted bank
             balances, cash and cash equivalents, certain financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other
             unallocated head office and corporate assets as these assets are managed on a group basis.


             Segment liabilities exclude derivative financial instruments, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and
             related interest payables, tax payable, provision for land appreciation tax, deferred tax liabilities and other
             unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.


             Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
             agreed by the parties involved.


             The Group’s operations are mainly conducted in Mainland China. Management considered there is one
             reportable geographic segment as all revenues from external customers are generated in Mainland China
             and the Group’s significant non-current assets are located in Mainland China.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
224
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   31 December 2021




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                               Commercial
                                                                                    City and       leasing
                                                                                    property     and retail       Hotel
         Year ended 31 December 2021                                            development     operations    operations       Others            Total
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

         Segment revenue: (Note 5)
         Sales to external customers                                             82,641,602     1,563,348      1,638,081      4,216,903    90,059,934
         Intersegment sales                                                               –        27,230          3,386      1,578,042     1,608,658
                                                                                 82,641,602     1,590,578      1,641,467      5,794,945    91,668,592
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                                  (1,608,658)
         Total revenue                                                                                                                     90,059,934
         Segment results                                                          9,730,889       918,777        57,061        725,368     11,432,095
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                                  (305,219)
         Interest income                                                                                                                     2,387,013
         Other investment income                                                                                                               631,942
         Fair value gains on a convertible bond                                                                                                 20,598
         Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                            1,285,826
         Finance costs (other than interest on lease liabilities)                                                                           (2,737,985)
         Profit before tax                                                                                                                 12,714,270
         Segment assets                                                         366,202,368    41,876,423     14,274,765    10,708,620    433,062,176
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment assets                                                                                               (146,214,491)
         Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                            125,154,619
         Total assets                                                                                                                     412,002,304
         Segment liabilities                                                    234,499,175    10,276,742      6,151,165      7,953,510   258,880,592
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment liabilities                                                                                          (132,886,946)
         Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                       179,215,030
         Total liabilities                                                                                                                305,208,676
         Other segment information:
         Share of profits of joint ventures                                         994,670             –             –          1,407        996,077
         Share of profits/(losses) of associates                                    593,169             –             –        (12,781)       580,388
         Depreciation and amortisation                                              157,229        35,362       360,276         96,062        648,929
         Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment           (2,503)           54        17,251           (409)        14,393
         Impairment losses recognised in the statement of profit or loss, net       993,591             –             –         11,844      1,005,435
         Fair value losses on investment properties                                       –    (1,676,648)            –              –     (1,676,648)
         Investments in associates                                               22,156,898             –             –         30,172     22,187,070
         Investments in joint ventures                                           20,279,660             –             –         55,959     20,335,619
         Capital expenditure*                                                        37,333       191,772       213,736        628,910      1,071,751

     *          Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and investment
                properties including assets from the acquisition of subsidiaries.




                                                                                               CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                          225
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                                    Commercial
                                                                                         City and       leasing
                                                                                         property     and retail       Hotel
              Year ended 31 December 2020                                            development     operations    operations     Others          Total
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

              Segment revenue: (Note 5)
              Sales to external customers                                              54,366,536     1,461,345     1,257,838    2,968,159    60,053,878
              Intersegment sales                                                                –        17,593             –    1,137,050     1,154,643
                                                                                       54,366,536     1,478,938     1,257,838    4,105,209    61,208,521
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                                (1,154,643)
              Total revenue                                                                                                                   60,053,878
              Segment results                                                           7,301,080     1,632,786       (62,696)    392,846       9,264,016
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                                (676,727)
              Interest income                                                                                                                   3,223,777
              Other investment income                                                                                                             556,424
              Gain on disposal of an equity investment designated at fair value
                 through profit or loss                                                                                                            28,388
              Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                            (65,630)
              Finance costs (other than interest on lease liabilities)                                                                         (2,686,071)
              Profit before tax                                                                                                                 9,644,177
              Segment assets                                                          388,227,237    49,475,361    12,519,612    8,895,844   459,118,054
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of intersegment assets                                                                                             (193,944,023)
              Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                          122,582,143
              Total assets                                                                                                                   387,756,174
              Segment liabilities                                                     287,796,857    15,012,674     6,564,742    6,840,797   316,215,070
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of intersegment liabilities                                                                                        (185,302,220)
              Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                     155,016,242
              Total liabilities                                                                                                              285,929,092
              Other segment information:
              Share of profits of joint ventures                                          370,064             –             –       1,034        371,098
              Share of profits of associates                                              698,297             –             –           –        698,297
              Depreciation and amortisation                                               129,410        43,377       417,404      58,867        649,058
              Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment               901        (1,645)          104         123           (517)
              Impairment losses recognised in the statement of profit or loss, net      4,370,134             –         1,060       7,494      4,378,688
              Fair value gains on investment properties                                         –       906,121             –           –        906,121
              Investments in associates                                                11,038,330             –             –      66,740     11,105,070
              Investments in joint ventures                                            16,289,853             –             –      29,590     16,319,443
              Capital expenditure                                                         229,274       550,373       118,990     382,296      1,280,933




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
226
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2021




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about major customers
     During the year, there was no revenue from a single customer which accounted for 10% or more of the
     Group’s revenue (2020: Nil).


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
     An analysis of the Group’s revenue is as follows:


                                                                                               2021                 2020
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

       Revenue from contracts with customers                                           88,496,586             58,592,533
       Revenue from other sources
         Gross rental income from investment property operating leases:
           Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate                   7,700               132,758
           Other lease payments, including fixed payments                               1,555,648              1,328,587
                                                                                        1,563,348              1,461,345
                                                                                       90,059,934             60,053,878


     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information
           For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                          City and
                                                          property            Hotel
            Segments                                 development       operations              Others                Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000

            Types of goods or services
              Sale of completed properties            77,797,079                   –                  –     77,797,079
              Land development                           4,844,523                 –                  –       4,844,523
              Hotel operations                                   –     1,638,081                      –       1,638,081
              Others                                             –                 –       4,216,903          4,216,903
            Total revenue from contracts with
              customers                               82,641,602       1,638,081           4,216,903        88,496,586

            Timing of revenue recognition
              Goods transferred at a point of time    82,641,602                   –                  –     82,641,602
              Services transferred over time                     –     1,638,081           4,216,903          5,854,984
            Total revenue from contracts with
              customers                               82,641,602       1,638,081           4,216,903        88,496,586




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                227
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
             Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
                    For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                     City and
                                                                    property        Hotel
                     Segments                                    development    operations       Others         Total
                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

                     Types of goods or services
                        Sale of completed properties               47,383,289            –            –     47,383,289
                        Land development                            6,983,247            –            –      6,983,247
                        Hotel operations                                    –    1,257,838            –      1,257,838
                        Others                                              –            –     2,968,159     2,968,159
                     Total revenue from contracts with
                        customers                                  54,366,536    1,257,838     2,968,159    58,592,533

                     Timing of revenue recognition
                        Goods transferred at a point of time       54,366,536            –            –     54,366,536
                        Services transferred over time                      –    1,257,838     2,968,159     4,225,997
                     Total revenue from contracts
                        with customers                             54,366,536    1,257,838     2,968,159    58,592,533


                    Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers to the amounts
                    disclosed in the segment information:


                    For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                     City and
                                                                    property        Hotel
                     Segments                                    development    operations       Others         Total
                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

                     Revenue from contracts with
                        customers:
                     Sales to external customers                  82,641,602    1,638,081    4,216,903     88,496,586
                     Intersegment sales                                    –        3,386    1,578,042      1,581,428
                                                                  82,641,602    1,641,467    5,794,945     90,078,014
                     Intersegment adjustments and
                        eliminations                                       –       (3,386)   (1,578,042)   (1,581,428)
                     Total revenue from contracts
                        with customers                            82,641,602    1,638,081    4,216,903     88,496,586




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
228
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                          City and
                                                          property            Hotel
            Segments                               development         operations              Others                Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000

            Revenue from contracts with
              customers:
            Sales to external customers                54,366,536         1,257,838          2,968,159         58,592,533
            Intersegment sales                                   –                 –         1,137,050          1,137,050
                                                       54,366,536         1,257,838          4,105,209         59,729,583
            Intersegment adjustments and
              eliminations                                       –                 –        (1,137,050)        (1,137,050)
            Total revenue from contracts with
              customers                                54,366,536         1,257,838          2,968,159         58,592,533


           The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that
           were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from
           performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:


                                                                                               2021                 2020
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
              at the beginning of the reporting period:
            Sale of completed properties                                               46,988,645             28,255,425
            Hotel operations                                                                12,577                 17,323
            Others                                                                          33,614                 26,883
                                                                                       47,034,836             28,299,631




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                229
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
             Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
            (ii)   Performance obligations
                    Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


                   Sale of completed properties
                    The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the completed properties.


                   Land development
                    The performance obligation is satisfied when the land development is completed.


                   Hotel operations
                    The performance obligation is satisfied when services are rendered. Short-term advances are
                    sometimes required before rendering the services.


                   Property management services
                    The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and short-term advances
                    are normally required before rendering the services. Property management service contracts are for
                    periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the time incurred.


                    Design, construction and decoration services
                    The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally
                    due within 60 days from the date of billing. A certain percentage of payment is retained by customers
                    until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to the final payment is conditional
                    on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a certain period as stipulated in the
                    contracts.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
230
                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
                                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                              Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

         Other income
         Interest income                                                                       2,387,013              3,223,777
         Other investment income                                                                 631,942                 556,424
         Government grants*                                                                      288,716                  99,103
         Default penalty income                                                                    31,496                 43,225
                                                                                               3,339,167              3,922,529
         Gains
         Fair value gains on investment properties                              18                         –             906,121
         Gain on bargain purchase                                               42                 93,763                146,548
         Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                       43             1,068,824              1,543,156
         Fair value gains on the equity interests previously
           held as investments in joint ventures or associates                  42               266,183              1,307,456
         Fair value gain on a convertible bond                                                     20,598                       –
         Gain on disposal of an equity investment designed at
           fair value through profit or loss                                                               –              28,388
         Foreign exchange gain, net                                              6                         –             374,741
         Gain on disposal of investments in joint ventures
           and associates                                                                        440,906                 371,007
         Gain on bargain purchase of an associate                               22             1,660,284                        –
         Others                                                                                  138,549                  98,739
                                                                                               3,689,107              4,776,156
                                                                                               7,028,274              8,698,685

     *       Various government grants have been received from the relevant authorities for the Group’s businesses conducted
             in certain cities in Mainland China. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.




                                                                            CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                       231
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      6.     PROFIT BEFORE TAX
             The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                             2021                2020
                                                                                       Notes            RMB’000             RMB’000

                 Cost of properties sold                                                              66,655,131           40,961,854
                 Cost of land development                                                              2,818,111            3,772,784
                 Cost of services provided                                                             3,829,067            3,204,876
                 Direct operating expenses (including repairs
                    and maintenance) arising on rental-earning
                    investment properties                                                                254,309              200,027
                 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                           14              438,676              462,969
                 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    19(a)            187,087              165,149
                 Amortisation of intangible assets                                       20                23,166               20,940
                 Lease payments not included in the measurement
                    of lease liabilities                                                19(c)              76,086               32,646
                 Auditor’s remuneration                                                                     8,718                7,825
                 Employee benefit expense (including directors’
                    and chief executive’s remuneration (note (9)):
                    Wages and salaries                                                                 3,146,467            2,151,774
                    Equity-settled share option expense                                  39                46,127               87,786
                    Pension scheme contributions
                      (defined contribution schemes)****                                                 279,127                79,724
                    Less: Amount capitalised                                                              (65,746)             (16,332)
                 Net pension scheme contributions*                                                       213,381                63,392
                                                                                                       3,405,975            2,302,952
                 Foreign exchange differences, net                                                       259,463              (374,741)
                 Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property,
                    plant and equipment**                                                                  14,393                 (517)
                 Penalties**                                                                             110,365                 4,384
                 Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                         (18)               (307)
                 Provision of impairment of trade receivables**                          24                 6,016                5,420
                 Impairment of financial assets included in prepayments,
                    other receivables and other assets**                                                    5,828                3,134
                 Impairment of properties under development, net**                       15              594,285            1,543,462
                 Impairment of properties held for sale, net**                           17              399,306            1,515,492
                 Impairment of amounts due from related parties, net**                   27                       –         1,311,180
                 Ineffectiveness and hedging cost of cash flow hedges                                             –                467
                 Fair value losses/(gains) on investment properties***                   18            1,676,648              (906,121)

             *        At 31 December 2021, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension
                      schemes in future years (2020: Nil).
             **       These items are included in “Other expenses and losses, net” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
             ***      The fair value losses on investment properties for the year are included in “other expenses and losses, net” in the
                      consolidated statement of profit and losses.
             ****     There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of
                      contributions.


      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
232
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2021




7.   OTHER EXPENSES AND LOSSES, NET
     An analysis of other expenses and losses, net is as follows:


                                                                                                2021                 2020
                                                                        Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

      Impairment of properties under development, net                     15               594,285              1,543,462
      Impairment of properties held for sale, net                         17                399,306             1,515,492
      Fair value loss on investment properties                            18             1,676,648                        –
      Impairment of amounts due from related parties, net                 27                         –          1,311,180
      Others                                                                                136,399                 11,178
                                                                                         2,806,638              4,381,312


8.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                2021                 2020
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

      Interest on bank and other loans, notes and bonds                                  4,299,309              6,419,880
      Interest on an amount due to fellow subsidiaries (note 47(a))                        144,696                 258,831
      Interest on an amount due to the immediate holding company
        (note 47(a))                                                                       149,780                 168,779
      Interest on an amount due to an intermediate holding company
        (note 47(a))                                                                       492,583                 663,373
      Interest on an amount due to the ultimate holding company
        (note 47(a))                                                                                 –                  882
      Interest on an amount due to associates (note 47(a))                                 202,494                 139,669
      Interest on an amount due to joint ventures (note 47(a))                             356,394                 209,897
      Interest on an amount due to the substantial shareholder (note 47(a))                    7,234                18,595
      Interest on lease liabilities (note 19(b))                                             49,685                 40,907
      Total interest expense                                                             5,702,175              7,920,813
      Less: Interest capitalised                                                        (2,914,505)             (5,193,835)
                                                                                         2,787,670              2,726,978




                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                 233
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      9.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
             Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the
             Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)
             (a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
             Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                             Group
                                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

                 Fees                                                                                    1,528               1,184
                 Other emoluments:
                   Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             9,070               9,741
                   Bonuses*                                                                             19,223              17,853
                   Equity-settled share option expense                                                   2,634               3,606
                   Pension scheme contributions                                                          1,482               1,385
                                                                                                        32,409              32,585
                                                                                                        33,937              33,769

             *       Certain executive directors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are determined with reference to
                     the performance of the Group’s operations.


             In prior years, certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under
             the share option scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 39 to the financial
             statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss
             over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial
             statements for the current year is included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
             disclosures.


             (a)     Independent non-executive directors
                     Mr. Su Xijia and Mr. Gao Shibin, are independent non-executive directors of the Company, and the
                     fees paid to them during the year were RMB382,000 (2020: RMB409,000) and RMB382,000 (2020:
                     RMB409,000), respectively.


                     Mr. Zhong Wei was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect
                     from 24 August 2020, and the fees paid to him during the year were RMB382,000 (2020: RMB145,000).


                     Mr. Suen Man Tak was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with
                     effect from 27 November 2020, and the fees paid to him during the year were RMB382,000 (2020:
                     RMB39,000).


                     There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
                     (2020: Nil).




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
234
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2021




9.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)
     (b)   Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive
           Executive directors
           i.     Mr. Li Congrui is the chief executive officer of the Company. The remuneration paid to him
                  during the year included fees of RMB0 (2020: Nil), salaries, allowances and benefits in kind
                  of RMB3,153,000 (2020: RMB3,377,000), performance related bonuses of RMB5,272,000 (2020:
                  RMB6,484,000), special bonuses of RMB1,817,000 (2020:Nil), equity-settled share option expense
                  of RMB878,000 (2020: RMB1,202,000), and pension scheme contributions of RMB507,000 (2020:
                  RMB507,000).


           ii.    Mr. Jiang Nan is the chief financial officer of the Company. The remuneration paid to him
                  during the year included fees of RMB0 (2020: Nil), salaries, allowances and benefits in kind
                  of RMB3,142,000 (2020: RMB3,380,000), performance related bonuses of RMB5,058,000 (2020:
                  RMB5,240,000), special bonuses of RMB311,000 (2020:Nil), equity-settled share option expense
                  of RMB878,000 (2020: RMB1,202,000), and pension scheme contributions of RMB459,000 (2020:
                  RMB426,000).


           iii.   Mr. Song Liuyi is the senior vice president of the Company. The remuneration paid to him
                  during the year included fees of RMB0 (2020: Nil), salaries, allowances and benefits in kind
                  of RMB2,775,000 (2020: RMB2,984,000), performance related bonuses of RMB6,246,000 (2020:
                  RMB6,129,000), special bonuses of RMB519,000 (2020:Nil), equity-settled share option expense
                  of RMB878,000 (2020: RMB1,202,000), and pension scheme contributions of RMB516,000 (2020:
                  RMB452,000).


           Non-executive directors
           i.     Mr. Ning Gaoning is the chairman and non-executive director of the Company. There was no
                  remuneration paid to him during the year (2020: Nil).


           ii.    Mr. Yang Lin and Mr. An Hongjun, are non-executive directors of the Company. There were no
                  remuneration paid to them during the year (2020: Nil).


           iii.   Mr. Cheng Yong and Mr. Wang Wei were appointed as non-executive directors of the Company
                  with effect from 24 August 2020. There were no remuneration paid to them during the year
                  (2020: Nil).


           There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
           any remuneration during the year (2020: Nil).




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                235
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
             The five highest paid employees during the year included three directors including the chief executive
             (2020: three directors including the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 9
             above. Details of the remuneration of the five highest paid employees of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                        14,214             14,962
              Bonuses                                                                          27,531             25,067
              Equity-settled share option expense                                               3,760              5,591
              Pension scheme contributions                                                      2,258              2,125
                                                                                               47,763             47,745


             The number of the five highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
             follows:


                                                                                            Number of employees
                                                                                                 2021              2020

              HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                           –                 1
              HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                           1                 –
              HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                                          –                 1
              HK$10,500,001 to HK$11,000,000                                                         1                 –
              HK$11,500,001 to HK$12,000,000                                                         1                 1
              HK$12,000,001 to HK$12,500,000                                                         –                 1
              HK$13,000,001 to HK$13,500,000                                                         1                 1
              HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                                         1                 –
                                                                                                     5                 5


             In prior years, share options were granted to two non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
             employees in respect of their services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures
             in note 39 to the financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in the
             statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount
             included in the financial statements for the current year is included in the above non-director and non-chief
             executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
236
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2021




11. INCOME TAX
                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                  Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

    Current
      PRC corporate income tax
        Charge for the year                                                        3,359,917              2,724,053
        Over-provision in prior years                                                 (10,184)                 (6,380)
      PRC land appreciation tax                                     35             2,044,745                 913,728
                                                                                   5,394,478              3,631,401
    Deferred                                                        36               (385,039)              (182,345)
    Total tax charge for the year                                                  5,009,439              3,449,056


   Hong Kong profits tax
   No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group did not generate any assessable
   profits arising in Hong Kong during the year (2020: Nil).


   PRC corporate income tax
   PRC corporate income tax has been provided at the rate of 25% (2020: 25%) on the taxable profits of the
   Group’s PRC subsidiaries.


   PRC land appreciation tax (“LAT”)
   According to the requirements of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增
   值稅暫行條例) effective from 1 January 1994 and the Detailed Implementation Rules on the Provisional
   Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增值稅暫行條例實施細則) effective from 27 January
   1995, all gains arising from a transfer of real estate property in Mainland China effective from 1 January
   1994 are subject to LAT at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value,
   being the proceeds from the sale of properties less deductible expenditures including borrowing costs and
   all property development expenditures.




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           237
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      11. INCOME TAX (Continued)
             A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the jurisdictions
             in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax charge for the year at
             the effective tax rates is as follows:


             2021


                                                                                               Mainland
                                                                          Hong Kong                China              Total
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

              Profit before tax                                            1,647,396        11,066,874         12,714,270

              Tax at the statutory income tax rate                           271,820          2,766,719         3,038,539
              Effect of withholding tax at 5% on the distributable
                 profits of certain PRC subsidiaries                           23,948                   –           23,948
              Adjustment in respect of current tax of
                 previous periods                                                    –          (10,184)           (10,184)
              Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures
                 and associates                                                      –         (367,583)         (367,583)
              Income not subject to tax                                      (506,959)         (141,282)         (648,241)
              Expenses not deductible for tax                                235,139            417,515           652,654
              Tax losses utilised from previous periods                              –         (141,879)         (141,879)
              Tax losses not recognised                                              –          928,626           928,626
              LAT (note 35)                                                          –        2,044,745         2,044,745
              Tax effect of LAT                                                      –         (511,186)         (511,186)
              Tax charge for the year                                          23,948         4,985,491         5,009,439




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
238
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




11. INCOME TAX (Continued)
   2020


                                                                                       Mainland
                                                             Hong Kong                      China                 Total
                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000               RMB’000

    Profit before tax                                                30,743             9,613,434            9,644,177

    Tax at the statutory income tax rate                               5,073            2,403,359            2,408,432
    Effect of withholding tax at 5% on the distributable
      profits of certain PRC subsidiaries                            (54,108)                     –             (54,108)
    Adjustment in respect of current tax of
      previous periods                                                      –               (6,380)               (6,380)
    Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures
      and associates                                                        –            (267,349)             (267,349)
    Income not subject to tax                                      (119,716)             (519,434)             (639,150)
    Expenses not deductible for tax                                 114,643               933,019            1,047,662
    Tax losses utilised from previous periods                               –            (113,940)             (113,940)
    Tax losses not recognised                                               –             388,593               388,593
    LAT (note 35)                                                           –             913,728               913,728
    Tax effect of LAT                                                       –            (228,432)             (228,432)
    Tax charge for the year                                          (54,108)           3,503,164            3,449,056


   The share of tax attributable to joint ventures and associates amounting to RMB764,512,000 (2020:
   RMB249,397,000) is included in “Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates” in the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss.


12. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

    Interim – HK12.0 cents (2020 interim dividend: HK12.0 cents)
      per ordinary share                                                              1,266,204              1,364,184
    Proposed final – HK0.0 cents (2020: HK14.0 cents) per ordinary share                          –          1,494,751


   The actual amount of the 2020 final dividend paid during the year ended 31 December 2021 was
   RMB1,462,990,000.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              239
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
          THE PARENT
             The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
             to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
             12,691,578,579 (2020: 12,179,840,073) in issue during the year.


             The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
             to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
             calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings per share
             calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on the
             deemed exercise of the Group’s share options into ordinary shares.


             The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

              Earnings
              Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent used in
                 the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations                      4,689,944           3,880,986


                                                                                                Number of shares
                                                                                                  2021              2020

              Shares
              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
                 used in the basic earnings per share calculation                       12,691,578,579      12,179,840,073
              Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
                 Share options                                                              14,593,362         77,911,299
                                                                                        12,706,171,941      12,257,751,372




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
240
                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             31 December 2021




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                           Furniture,
                                                                                             fixtures
                                                 Hotel       Leasehold                     and office       Motor     Construction
                                            properties    improvements    Buildings       equipment       vehicles     in progress        Total
                                             RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

    31 December 2021


    At 1 January 2021:
      Cost                                  8,806,191           22,150     917,470         2,372,929       59,334       3,045,610    15,223,684
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                          (2,265,569)        (20,264)    (185,894)      (1,395,454)      (49,448)              –   (3,916,629)
    Net carrying amount                     6,540,622            1,886     731,576          977,475         9,886       3,045,610    11,307,055
    At 1 January 2021, net of accumulated
      depreciation and impairment           6,540,622            1,886     731,576          977,475         9,886       3,045,610    11,307,055
    Additions                                （58,327)           14,056      10,231            90,656        2,972         608,795      668,383
    Disposals                                  (25,457)             (4)           –           (4,357)         (509)       (41,977)      (72,304)
    Depreciation provided during the year
      (note 6)                               (234,441)            (971)     (51,853)        (147,014)       (4,397)              –     (438,676)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)            –            119             –              995             2        150,828      151,944
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)               –               –            –           (1,821)            –               –       (1,821)
    Gain on property revaluation in
      relation to the transfer to
      investment properties                          –               –      11,179                  –            –               –      11,179
    Transfer to investment properties
      (note 18)                                      –               –      (14,500)                –            –               –      (14,500)
    Transfer from investment properties
      (note 18)                                      –               –     121,679                  –            –               –     121,679
    Transfers                                  67,453            5,477            –         119,373              –       (192,303)            –
    Exchange realignment                             –               –            –                (3)           –               –           (3)
    At 31 December 2021, net of
      accumulated depreciation
      and impairment                        6,289,850           20,563     808,312         1,035,304        7,954       3,570,953    11,732,936

    At 31 December 2021:
      Cost                                  8,785,316           41,943    1,038,459        2,561,366       57,330       3,570,953    16,055,367
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                          (2,495,466)        (21,380)    (230,147)      (1,526,062)      (49,376)              –   (4,322,431)
    Net carrying amount                     6,289,850           20,563     808,312         1,035,304        7,954       3,570,953    11,732,936




                                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                   241
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                                                                                  Furniture,
                                                                                                     fixtures
                                                          Hotel        Leasehold                  and office       Motor     Construction
                                                      properties    improvements     Buildings    equipment      vehicles     in progress        Total
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

              31 December 2020


              At 1 January 2020:
                Cost                                   8,752,464          20,903      675,623      2,293,568       58,389       2,576,710    14,377,657
                Accumulated depreciation and
                  impairment                          (1,995,773)         (20,005)    (143,461)    (1,260,473)    (46,677)              –    (3,466,389)
              Net carrying amount                      6,756,691             898      532,162      1,033,095       11,712       2,576,710    10,911,268
              At 1 January 2020, net of accumulated
                depreciation and impairment            6,756,691             898      532,162      1,033,095       11,712       2,576,710    10,911,268
              Additions                                   50,317           1,888      192,307         60,192        4,274         561,395      870,373
              Disposals                                      (59)            (948)           –         (2,267)       (750)        (55,867)      (59,891)
              Depreciation provided during the year
                (note 6)                                (270,137)            (327)     (42,432)     (144,838)      (5,235)              –      (462,969)
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)            –                –            –         2,858         231                –         3,089
              Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)               –                –            –         (4,001)       (346)              –        (4,347)
              Transfer from investment properties
                (note 18)                                      –                –       49,539              –           –               –       49,539
              Transfers                                    3,810             375             –        32,443            –         (36,628)            –
              Exchange realignment                             –                –            –             (7)          –               –            (7)
              At 31 December 2020, net of
                accumulated depreciation
                and impairment                         6,540,622           1,886      731,576        977,475        9,886       3,045,610    11,307,055

              At 31 December 2020:
                Cost                                   8,806,191          22,150      917,470      2,372,929       59,334       3,045,610    15,223,684
                Accumulated depreciation and
                  impairment                          (2,265,569)         (20,264)    (185,894)    (1,395,454)    (49,448)              –    (3,916,629)
              Net carrying amount                      6,540,622           1,886      731,576        977,475        9,886       3,045,610    11,307,055




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
242
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2021




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   At 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s hotel properties and buildings, construction in progress
   included in property, plant and equipment with an aggregate net carrying amount of approximately
   RMB3,213,792,000 (2020: RMB219,982,000) were pledged to secure bank and other loans granted to the
   Group (note 34).


15. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
                                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                   Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

    Carrying amount at 1 January                                                 138,828,994             131,511,819
    Additions                                                                     82,933,051              63,078,730
    Transfer to properties held for sale                                         (76,099,507)            (51,502,410)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                      42           10,342,813              24,817,373
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                         43          (10,586,908)            (27,533,056)
    Impairment                                                        7               (594,285)            (1,543,462)
    Carrying amount at 31 December                                               144,824,158             138,828,994
    Current portion                                                              (61,127,564)            (79,473,565)
    Non-current portion                                                           83,696,594              59,355,429


   At 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s properties included in properties under development with
   a net carrying amount of approximately RMB90,341,912,000 (2020: RMB75,307,751,000) were pledged to
   secure bank and other loans granted to the Group (note 34).




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            243
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      16. LAND UNDER DEVELOPMENT
             Land under development represents the project cost, land requisition cost, compensation cost and other
             preliminary infrastructure costs in relation to the Group’s land development projects (the “Projects”) in
             Mainland China. Though the Group does not have the ownership title or land use right to such land, the
             Group is given the right to carry out construction and preparation works in respect of land infrastructure
             and ancillary public facilities as well as other development works in the Projects. When the land plots
             are sold by the local government, the Group is entitled to receive from the local authorities the land
             development fee.


                                                                                               2021             2020
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

              Carrying amount at 1 January                                              11,923,909         12,695,815
              Additions                                                                  8,931,213          2,988,112
              Recognised during the year                                                 (5,935,132)       (3,760,018)
              Carrying amount at 31 December                                            14,919,990         11,923,909
              Current portion                                                            (1,854,024)       (1,429,269)
              Non-current portion                                                       13,065,966         10,494,640


      17. PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE
             All the properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The Group’s
             properties held for sale are situated in Mainland China.


             For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recognised impairment losses of RMB399,306,000 (2020:
             RMB1,515,492,000) on properties held for sale (note 7). At 31 December 2021, the provision for impairment
             of properties held for sale amounted to RMB1,126,161,000 (2020: RMB1,515,492,000).


             At 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s properties included in properties held for sale with a net
             carrying amount of approximately RMB132,501,000 (2020: RMB132,501,000) were pledged to secure bank
             and other loans granted to the Group (note 34).




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
244
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                    Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

    Carrying amount at 1 January                                                   33,315,404              31,260,683
    Additions                                                                          160,683                 328,198
    Net (loss)/gain from a fair value adjustment                        6           (1,676,648)                906,121
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment                         14               14,500                       –
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                           14             (121,679)               (49,539)
    Transfer (to)/from right-of-use assets                           19(a)             (127,738)               869,941
    Carrying amount at 31 December                                                 31,564,522              33,315,404


   The Group’s investment properties consist of 19 commercial properties in Mainland China. The directors
   of the Company have determined that the investment properties consist of one class of asset, i.e.,
   commercial, based on the nature, characteristics and risks of each property. The Group’s investment
   properties were revalued individually on 31 December 2021 based on valuations performed by Cushman
   & Wakefield Limited, Shanghai Cairui Real Estate Land Appraisal Co., Ltd., Beijing Renda Real Estate
   Appraisal Co., Ltd., and Beijing Zhuoxindahua Appraisal Co., Ltd., independent professionally qualified
   valuers. Each year, the Group’s management decides to appoint which external valuers to be responsible
   for the external valuations of the Group’s properties. Selection criteria include market knowledge,
   reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. The Group’s management
   has discussions with the valuers on the valuation assumptions and valuation results twice a year when the
   valuation is performed for interim and annual financial reporting.


   As at 31 December 2021, three of the Group’s investment properties were right-of-use asset with total
   carrying amount of RMB766,301,000 (2020: RMB937,917,000) relating to buildings which were leased out
   under one or more operating leases.


   These investment properties are leased under operating leases, further summary details of which are
   included in note 19 to the financial statements.


   At 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s investment properties with a carrying value of
   RMB11,881,000,000 (2020: RMB11,317,930,000) were pledged to secure bank and other loans granted to the
   Group (note 34).




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             245
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
             Fair value hierarchy
             The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:


                                                                               Fair value measurement as at
                                                                                 31 December 2021 using
                                                                         Significant      Significant
                                                                         observable     unobservable
                                                                             inputs           inputs
                                                                           (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

              Recurring fair value measurement for:
                Commercial properties                                         41,800       31,522,722        31,564,522


                                                                                Fair value measurement as at
                                                                                  31 December 2020 using
                                                                          Significant       Significant
                                                                         observable      unobservable
                                                                              inputs             inputs
                                                                            (Level 2)         (Level 3)               Total
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000

              Recurring fair value measurement for:
                 Commercial properties                                        41,900        33,273,504           33,315,404


             During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
             transfers into or out of Level 3 (2020: Nil).


             Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                                             Commercial
                                                                                                                 properties
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

              Carrying amount at 1 January 2020                                                                  31,218,583
              Additions                                                                                             328,198
              Net gain from a fair value adjustment                                                                 906,321
              Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                             (49,539)
              Transfer from right-of-use assets                                                                     869,941
              Carrying amount at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                             33,273,504
              Additions                                                                                             160,683
              Net loss from a fair value adjustment                                                              (1,676,548)
              Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                            14,500
              Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                            (121,679)
              Transfer to right-of-use assets                                                                      (127,738)
              Carrying amount at 31 December 2021                                                                31,522,722


      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
246
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 31 December 2021




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment
   properties:


                                                                Significant
                                  Valuation techniques          unobservable inputs                               Range or weighted average
                                                                                                                         2021                    2020

    Property 1 – Beijing          Term and reversion method     Term yield                                              5.00%                    5.25%
      Chemsunny World Trade                                     Reversionary yield                                      5.50%                    5.75%
      Centre                                                    Market rent (per square metre            RMB6,000 – RMB11,880    RMB5,789 – RMB9,815
                                                                  (“sqm”) per annum (“p.a.”))


    Property 2 – Sinochem Tower   Term and reversion method     Term yield                                      3.00% – 5.00%           3.00% – 5.50%
                                                                Reversionary yield                              3.00% – 5.50%           3.50% – 6.00%
                                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                RMB3,408 – RMB9,600    RMB3,269 – RMB9,600


    Property 3 – Jin Mao Tower    Term and reversion method     Term yield                                      3.50% – 4.00%           3.50% – 4.00%
                                                                Reversionary yield                              4.00% – 4.50%           4.00% – 4.50%
                                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)               RMB4,884 – RMB18,000   RMB4,441 – RMB18,000


    Property 4 – Zhuhai Every     Term and reversion method     Term yield                                      5.00% – 6.00%           5.00% – 6.25%
      Garden                                                    Reversionary yield                              5.50% – 6.50%           5.50% – 6.50%
                                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                   RMB528 – RMB792        RMB514 – RMB778


    Property 5 – Nanjing Xuanwu   Term and reversion method     Term yield                                      3.50% – 4.50%           3.50% – 4.50%
      Lake Jin Mao Plaza                                        Reversionary yield                              4.00% – 5.00%           4.00% – 5.00%
                                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                RMB2,220 – RMB8,400    RMB2,160 – RMB7,560


    Property 6 – Changsha Meixi   Discounted cash flow method   Estimated rental value (per sqm p.a.)               RMB2,003                  RMB2,700
      Lake International                                        Rental growth p.a.                                      2.50%                    3.00%
      R&D Centre                                                Long term vacancy rate                                 20.00%                    8.22%
                                                                Discount rate                                           7.00%                    6.00%
                                  Market comparable method      Price per sqm                                      RMB13,300                       NA


    Property 7 – Lijiang J•LIFE   Term and reversion method     Term yield                                              5.00%                    5.00%
                                                                Reversionary yield                                      5.50%                    5.50%
                                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                          RMB1,080                  RMB1,072


    Property 8 – Shanghai         Market comparable method      Price per sqm                           RMB57,844 – RMB90,840 RMB57,525 – RMB90,500
      International Shipping
      Service Center




                                                                                         CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                         247
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
             Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                                                                              Significant
                                            Valuation techniques              unobservable inputs                           Range or weighted average
                                                                                                                                   2021                     2020

              Property 9 – Qingdao Jinmao   Discounted cash flow method and Estimated rental value (per sqm p.a.)               RMB815                    RMB828
                Harbour Shopping Center       market comparable method        Rental growth p.a.                          6.00% – 6.50%           5.00% – 7.00%
                                                                              Long term vacancy rate                             5.00%                      5.00%
                                                                              Discount rate                                      5.50%                      5.50%
                                                                              Price per sqm                                  RMB16,836                  RMB15,096


              Property 10 – Ningbo          Term and reversion method         Term yield                                         4.00%                      4.00%
                Jiayuan Plaza                                                 Reversionary yield                                 4.50%                      4.50%
                                                                              Market rent (per sqm p.a.)             RMB708 – RMB5,160       RMB696 – RMB5,160


              Property 11 – Ningbo          Term and reversion method         Term yield                                         4.00%                      4.00%
                Huijin Building                                               Reversionary yield                                 4.50%                      4.50%
                                                                              Market rent (per sqm p.a.)             RMB996 – RMB5,160       RMB893 – RMB5,040


              Property 12 – Changsha        Discounted cash flow method and Estimated rental value (per sqm p.a.)                   NA                    RMB650
                Jinmao Mall of Splendor       market comparable method        Rental growth p.a.                                    NA            3.50% – 5.00%
                                                                              Long term vacancy rate                                NA                      5.00%
                                                                              Discount rate                                         NA                      6.00%
                                                                              Price per sqm                                         NA                  RMB14,002
                                            Term and reversion method         Term yield                                  4.50% – 5.00%                       NA
                                                                              Reversionary yield                          5.00% – 5.50%                       NA
                                                                              Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                      RMB1,660                        NA


              Property 13 – Beijing         Residual method                   Developer’s profit rate                               NA                      5.00%
                Chaoyang Jinmao Centre      Term and reversion method         Reversionary yield                          4.50% – 5.50%           5.00% – 5.50%
                                                                              Market rent (per sqm p.a.)            RMB1,750 – RMB2,740    RMB2,280 – RMB3,600
                                                                              Term yield                                  4.00% – 5.00%                       NA


              Property 14 – Nanjing         Residual method                   Developer’s profit rate                            5.00%                      5.00%
                Southern Hexi Yuzui Land    Term and reversion method         Reversionary yield                          3.00% – 6.00%           3.00% – 6.00%
                Parcel No. G97                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)            RMB1,520 – RMB2,220    RMB1,680 – RMB2,544


              Property 15 – Hangzhou        Residual method                   Developer’s profit rate                               NA                      5.00%
                Shangtang                   Term and reversion method         Reversionary yield                                 2.00%                      2.00%
                                                                              Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                      RMB1,395                  RMB1,392
                                                                              Term yield                                         2.00%                        NA




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
248
                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               31 December 2021




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                                                                Significant
                                  Valuation techniques          unobservable inputs                             Range or weighted average
                                                                                                                       2021                    2020

    Property 16 – Wangfujing      Term and reversion method     Term yield                                           4.00%                     4.00%
      Quadrangle Courtyard                                      Reversionary yield                                   4.50%                     4.50%
                                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                        RMB6,420                  RMB6,300


    Property 17 – Jinmao Boill    Term and reversion method     Term yield                                           4.25%                       NA
      e-Wisdom Valley Executive                                 Reversionary yield                                   4.25%                       NA
      Apartment                                                 Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                          RMB637                       NA
                                  Discounted cash flow method   Estimated rental value (per sqm p.a.)                   NA                  RMB1,090
                                                                Rental growth p.a.                                      NA              1.00%-3.00%
                                                                Long term vacancy rate                                  NA                    10.00%
                                                                Discount rate                                           NA                     4.84%


    Property 18 – Jinmao Boill    Term and reversion method     Term yield                                           4.25%                       NA
      e-Wisdom Valley Youth                                     Reversionary yield                                   4.25%                       NA
      Apartment                                                 Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                          RMB796                       NA
                                  Discounted cash flow method   Estimated rental value (per sqm p.a.)                   NA                  RMB1,023
                                                                Rental growth p.a.                                      NA                     3.00%
                                                                Long term vacancy rate                                  NA                     5.00%
                                                                Discount rate                                           NA                     4.04%


    Property 19 – Beijing Royal   Term and reversion method     Term yield                                    3.50% – 5.50%           5.00% – 5.50%
      International Mansion                                     Reversionary yield                            4.00% – 6.00%           5.50% – 6.00%
                                                                Market rent (per sqm p.a.)              RMB1,510 – RMB2,630    RMB1,668 – RMB2,484


   The term and reversion method measures the fair value of the property by taking into account the rental
   income derived from the existing leases with due allowance for the reversionary income potential of the
   leases, which are then capitalised into the value at appropriate rates.


   A significant increase (decrease) in the term yield and the reversionary yield in isolation would result in a
   significant decrease (increase) in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase (decrease)
   in the market rent would result in a significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of the investment
   properties.


   Under the discounted cash flow method, fair value is estimated using assumptions regarding the benefits
   and liabilities of ownership over the asset’s life including an exit or terminal value. This method involves the
   projection of a series of cash flows on a property interest. A market-derived discount rate is applied to the
   projected cash flow in order to establish the present value of the income stream associated with the asset.
   The exit yield is normally separately determined and differs from the discount rate.




                                                                                         CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                       249
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
             Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
             The duration of the cash flows and the specific timing of inflows and outflows are determined by
             events such as rent reviews, lease renewal and related reletting, redevelopment or refurbishment. The
             appropriate duration is driven by market behaviour that is a characteristic of the class of property. The
             periodic cash flow is estimated as gross income less vacancy, non-recoverable expenses, collection losses,
             lease incentives, maintenance costs, agent and commission costs and other operating and management
             expenses. The series of periodic net operating income, along with an estimate of the terminal value
             anticipated at the end of the projection period, is then discounted.

             A significant increase (decrease) in the estimated rental value and the market rent growth rate per annum
             in isolation would result in a significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of the investment properties. A
             significant increase (decrease) in the long term vacancy rate and the discount rate in isolation would result
             in a significant decrease (increase) in the fair value of the investment properties. Generally, a change in the
             assumption made for the estimated rental value is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the rent
             growth per annum and the discount rate and an opposite change in the long term vacancy rate.

             Under the market comparable method, a property’s fair value is estimated based on comparable
             transactions. Although property interests are not homogeneous, the International Valuation Standards
             Council considers the market approach most commonly applied. “In order to compare the subject of the
             valuation with the price of other real property interests that have been recently exchanged or that may be
             currently available in the market, it is usual to adopt a suitable unit of comparison. Units of comparison that
             are commonly used include analysing sales prices by calculating the price per square meter of a building or
             per hectare for land. Other units used for price comparison where there is sufficient homogeneity between
             the physical characteristics include a price per room or a price per unit of output, e.g., crop yields. A unit
             of comparison is only useful when it is consistently selected and applied to the subject property and the
             comparable properties in each analysis”.

             The market comparable method is based upon the principle of substitution under which a potential buyer
             will not pay more for the property than it will cost to buy a comparable substitute property. In theory,
             the best comparable sale would be an exact duplicate of the subject property and would indicate, by the
             known selling price of the duplicate, the price for which the subject property could be sold. The unit of
             comparison applied by the Group is the price per square metre. The market comparable approach is often
             used in combination with either the discounted cash flow or the term and reversion method as many inputs
             to these methods are based on market comparison.

             A significant increase (decrease) in the price per square metre would result in a significant increase
             (decrease) in the fair value of the investment properties.

             The residual method is essentially a mean of valuing land with reference to its development potential by
             deducting construction cost, interest and developer’s profit from its estimated gross development value
             assuming it would have been completed as at the valuation date in accordance with the latest development
             scheme provided to the Group by relevant parties. The estimated total and outstanding construction costs
             and development schedule to be advised by the relevant parties will also be considered.

             A significant increase (decrease) in the developer’s profit rate would result in a significant decrease
             (increase) in the fair value of the investment properties.



      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
250
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2021




19. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts mainly for properties used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made
   upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 30 to 70 years, and no ongoing
   payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of office properties and staff quarters
   generally have lease terms between 2 and 15 years.


   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
         follows:


                                                                                        Office
                                                                                   properties
                                                              Leasehold              and staff
                                                                     land            quarters                  Total
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000

          As at 1 January 2020                                 1,465,951               148,355            1,614,306
          Additions                                                      –           1,049,145            1,049,145
          Additions as a result of acquisition of
            subsidiaries (note 42)                                       –                6,831                6,831
          Transfer to investment properties (note 18)                    –            (869,941)             (869,941)
          Depreciation charge (note 6)                            (54,612)            (110,537)             (165,149)
          As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021           1,411,339              223,853             1,635,192
          Additions                                                5,188               98,542              103,730
          Additions as a result of acquisition of
            subsidiaries (note 42)                               17,158                  1,155               18,313
          Transfer from investment properties (note 18)                  –           127,738               127,738
          Depreciation charge (note 6)                          (54,975)             (132,112)            (187,087)
          As at 31 December 2021                              1,378,710              319,176             1,697,886


         At 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets with an aggregate net carrying
         amount of approximately RMB618,864,000 (2020: Nil) were pledged to secure bank and other loans
         granted to the Group (note 34).




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           251
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      19. LEASES (Continued)
             The Group as a lessee (Continued)
            (b)    Lease liabilities
                    The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

                     Carrying amount at 1 January                                                 1,099,575            195,609
                     New leases                                                                     90,565            1,037,659
                     Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                   1,044               4,814
                     Accretion of interest recognised during the year (note 8)                      49,685              40,907
                     Payments                                                                      (174,893)           (179,414)
                     Carrying amount at 31 December                                               1,065,976           1,099,575

                     Analysed into
                        Current portion                                                            117,206              96,548
                        Non-current portion                                                        948,770            1,003,027


                    The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 50 to the financial statements.


                    The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessors
                    for leases of certain office properties and staff quarters during the year.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
252
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




19. LEASES (Continued)
   The Group as a lessee (Continued)
   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

          Interest on lease liabilities                                                   49,685                 40,907
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                    187,087                 165,149
          Expense relating to short-term leases (included in cost of sales)               12,631                  6,531
          Expense relating to leases of low-value assets
            (included in administrative expenses)                                         63,455                 26,115
          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                     312,858                 238,702


   (d)   The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet
         commenced are disclosed in notes 44(c) and 46, respectively, to the financial statements.


   The Group as a lessor
   The Group leases its investment properties (note 18) consisting of 19 commercial properties in Mainland
   China under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally also require the tenants
   to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing
   market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB1,563,348,000 (2020:
   RMB1,461,345,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.


   At 31 December 2021, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under
   non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

   Within one year                                                                    1,188,967              1,238,413
   After one year but within two years                                                  852,415                 973,808
   After two years but within three years                                               440,240                 365,455
   After three years but within four years                                              296,410                 212,048
   After four years but within five years                                               170,189                 110,358
   After five years                                                                     455,381                 323,568
                                                                                      3,403,602              3,223,650




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              253
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      20. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                       Computer
                                                                                        software
                                                                                       RMB’000

              31 December 2021


              At 1 January 2021
                 Cost                                                                   195,336
                 Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                 (87,864)
                 Net carrying amount                                                    107,472

              Cost at 1 January 2021, net of accumulated amortisation and impairment    107,472
              Additions                                                                  90,665
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                           76
              Disposals                                                                     (159)
              Amortisation provided during the year (note 6)                             (23,166)
              At 31 December 2021                                                       174,888

              At 31 December 2021
                 Cost                                                                   259,320
                 Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                 (84,432)
                 Net carrying amount                                                    174,888


                                                                                       Computer
                                                                                        software
                                                                                       RMB’000

              31 December 2020


              At 1 January 2020
                 Cost                                                                    150,611
                 Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                (100,588)
                 Net carrying amount                                                      50,023

              Cost at 1 January 2020, net of accumulated amortisation and impairment      50,023
              Additions                                                                   77,440
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                        1,833
              Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)                                            (664)
              Disposals                                                                     (220)
              Amortisation provided during the year (note 6)                             (20,940)
              At 31 December 2020                                                        107,472

              At 31 December 2020
                 Cost                                                                    195,336
                 Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                 (87,864)
                 Net carrying amount                                                     107,472




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
254
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2021




21. JOINT OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
   Investments in joint ventures
                                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    Share of net assets                                                           22,187,070              16,319,443


   The amounts due from and to joint ventures are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.


   All of the Group’s investments in joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company.


   The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of loss of certain joint ventures because the share
   of loss of the joint ventures exceeded the Group’s interests in them and the Group has no obligation to
   take up further losses. The amounts of the Group’s unrecognised share of loss of the joint ventures for the
   current year and cumulatively were RMB508,933,000 (2020: RMB424,992,000) and RMB1,413,152,000 (2020:
   RMB904,219,000), respectively.


   The joint ventures of the Group are considered not individually material and the following table illustrates
   the aggregate financial information of the joint ventures:


                                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    Share of the joint ventures’ profit for the year                                  996,077                 371,098
    Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive income for the year              996,077                 371,098
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the
       joint ventures                                                             22,187,070              16,319,443


   Joint operations
   On 11 May 2010, the Company entered into a framework cooperation agreement with Qingdao Urban
   Construction Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Urban Investment Group”) pursuant to which the
   Company and Qingdao Urban Investment Group intended to jointly develop the Lanhai Xingang City
   project located in Qingdao, the PRC.


   On 5 November 2010, Qingdao Jin Mao, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company was
   established for the purpose of operating the Lanhai Xingang City project, and Qingdao Urban Investment
   Group entered into a capital increase agreement pursuant to which Qingdao Jin Mao agreed to make a
   capital injection of RMB1 billion into Qingdao Lanhai Xingang City Properties Co., Ltd. (“Lanhai Xingang
   City”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qingdao Urban Investment Group, to subscribe for its new registered
   capital.




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            255
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      21. JOINT OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
             Joint operations (Continued)
             On 28 July 2011, Qingdao Jin Mao completed the acquisition of a 50% equity interest in Lanhai Xingang
             City through contributing RMB1 billion to the newly registered capital of Lanhai Xingang City. On the same
             day, Qingdao Jin Mao and Qingdao Urban Investment Group entered into a supplementary agreement
             pursuant to which Lanhai Xingang City agreed to establish two branches, where branch 1 would be
             unilaterally managed and controlled by Qingdao Jin Mao in respect of the development of the Southern
             region with a land area of 200 mu (the “Southern Region”) and branch 2 would be unilaterally managed
             and controlled by Qingdao Urban Investment Group in respect of the development of the Northern region
             with a total land area of 140 mu (the “Northern Region”). The land use right certificate in connection with
             the Southern Region is registered under the name of Lanhai Xingang City.


             The Group considered this supplementary arrangement as a joint operation and recognised the assets,
             liabilities and revenue and expenses of branch 1 as the Group is given the rights to the assets and has
             obligations for the liabilities of branch 1 pursuant to the terms of the supplementary agreement.


             The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of branch 1 of Lanhai Xingang City
             recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

              Non-current assets
                 Property, plant and equipment                                                    179                200
              Total non-current assets                                                            179                200

              Current assets
                 Properties held for sale                                                     300,958             332,926
                 Properties under development                                                        –            151,671
                 Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                3,575              18,062
                 Prepaid tax                                                                         –             43,439
                 Restricted bank balances                                                         563              65,485
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                     55,389               8,391
              Total current assets                                                            360,485             619,974

              Current liabilities
                 Trade and bills payables                                                     157,029             134,817
                 Other payables and accruals                                                   91,828             314,399
              Total current liabilities                                                       248,857             449,216
                                                                                     91,828




              Net current assets                                                              111,628             170,758

              Total assets less current liabilities                                           111,807             170,958
              Net assets                                                                      111,807             170,958




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
256
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2021




21. JOINT OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   Joint operations (Continued)
                                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    Revenue                                                                           273,190                  65,501
    Cost of sales                                                                     (243,837)                 6,721
    Gross profit                                                                        29,353                 72,222
    Other income and gains                                                                  962                    759
    Selling and marketing expenses                                                          308                 (2,131)
    Administrative expenses                                                                (527)                (2,912)
    Profit before tax                                                                   30,096                 67,938
    Income tax                                                                         (18,659)               (38,498)
    Profit for the year                                                                 11,437                 29,440


22. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    Share of net assets                                                           20,335,619              11,105,070


   The amounts due from and to associates are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.


   The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of loss of certain associates because the share
   of loss of the associates exceeded the Group’s interests in them and the Group has no obligation to
   take up further losses. The amounts of the Group’s unrecognised share of loss of the associates for the
   current year and cumulatively were RMB549,982,000 (2020: RMB657,708,000) and RMB1,380,230,000 (2020:
   RMB830,248,000), respectively.


   On 30 June 2021, the Company acquired a 29.9% equity interest in China VAST Industrial Urban
   Development Company Limited (“China VAST”), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, whose
   shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. China VAST is engaged in the business of (i) planning,
   development and operation of large-scale industrial towns, (ii) property development, and (iii) property
   leasing, in the PRC. The acquisition was made in line with the strategic development of the Group’s real
   estate business. The purchase consideration for the acquisition was in the form of cash of HK$1,481,160,000
   (equivalent to RMB1,234,764,000) paid at the acquisition date. The investment in China VAST is accounted
   as an associate and be measured using the equity method. The excess of the Company’s share of net fair
   value of China VAST’s identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment of RMB1,660,284,000
   is included in other income and gains (note 5).




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            257
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      22. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
             The associates of the Group are considered not individually material and the following table illustrates the
             aggregate financial information of the associates:


                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

              Share of the associates’ profit for the year                                   580,388            698,297
              Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income for the year               580,388            698,297
              Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in
                 the associates                                                           20,335,619          11,105,070


      23. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

              Raw materials                                                                  217,517            158,777
              Consumables and tools                                                               202              3,093
              Hotel merchandise                                                                13,697             11,351
              Trading stock                                                                     2,689              2,671
                                                                                             234,105            175,892


      24. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

              Trade receivables                                                            2,109,601            468,391
              Impairment                                                                      (27,631)           (21,615)
                                                                                           2,081,970            446,776


             Consideration in respect of properties sold is receivable in accordance with the terms of the related sale
             and purchase agreements, whilst the Group’s trading terms with its customers in relation to the provision
             of hotel, decoration and other services are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in
             advance is normally required. The credit period is generally one to three months for major customers. Each
             customer has a maximum credit limit.


             The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue balances are
             reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s
             trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of
             credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable
             balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.


             At 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s trade receivables with a net carrying amount of approximately
             RMB 11,512,000 (2020: Nil) were pledged to secure bank and other loans granted to the Group (note 34).




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
258
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




24. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
   and net of loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

    Within 1 month                                                                   1,197,902                 139,498
    1 to 3 months                                                                      145,350                  95,817
    4 to 6 months                                                                      148,740                  67,956
    6 months to 1 year                                                                 494,784                  48,027
    Over 1 year                                                                          95,194                 95,478
                                                                                     2,081,970                 446,776


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

    At 1 January                                                                         21,615                 16,195
    Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                        6,016                 5,420
    At 31 December                                                                       27,631                 21,615


   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
   credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
   with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating, and forms of credit insurance). The calculation
   reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable
   information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
   future economic conditions. Generally, trade receivables are written off if past due for more than one year
   and are not subject to enforcement activity.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             259
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      24. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
             Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
             provision matrix:


             As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                         Past due
                                                                             Less than     1 to 3   Over 3
                                                                   Current   1 month      months    months        Total

              Expected credit loss rate                             0.04%      3.21%       8.16%    27.32%       1.31%
              Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                    2,003,067      4,859       5,979   95,696    2,109,601
              Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                        846         156        488    26,141      27,631


             As at 31 December 2020


                                                                                         Past due
                                                                             Less than     1 to 3   Over 3
                                                                   Current   1 month      months    months        Total

              Expected credit loss rate                              0.02%      1.19%       1.40%   27.06%        4.61%
              Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                      378,977       3,964      6,347    79,103     468,391
              Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                          75         47          89    21,404      21,615




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
260
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2021




25. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

    Prepayments                                                                  12,939,701              15,603,587
    Deposits                                                                       4,123,248              4,132,475
    Other receivables                                                              7,261,024              6,046,558
    Due from non-controlling shareholders                                        13,217,806              11,960,338
    Others                                                                           631,333                 743,155
    Carrying amount at 31 December                                               38,173,112              38,486,113
    Current portion                                                              37,726,274              38,075,532
    Non-current portion                                                              446,838                 410,581


   The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent
   history of default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the loss allowance was
   assessed to be minimal.


   The current balances of amounts due from non-controlling shareholders are unsecured, interest-free and
   repayable within one year, except for the amounts of RMB11,289,488,000, in aggregate, which bear interest
   at rates from 1.93% to 4.75% per annum (2020: RMB8,945,043,000, in aggregate, which bear interest at rates
   from 0.35% to 4.75% per annum).


   Management expects the contracts costs, primarily sale commission and stamp duty paid/payable, as a
   result of obtaining the property sale contracts are recoverable. The Group has capitalised the amounts as
   contract costs and amortised when the related revenue are recognised.


   As at 31 December 2021, the non-current balance included a pledged deposit of RMB246,000,000 (2020:
   RMB246,000,000) made to a local government for performance guarantee, which is not repayable within
   one year.




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           261
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      26. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                     31 December       31 December          1 January
                                                                              2021                2020           2020
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

              Contract assets arising from design, construction
                 and decoration services                                1,400,898            789,328           267,009


             Contract assets are initially recognised for other revenue earned from the design, construction and
             decoration services as the receipt of consideration is conditional on successful completion of services,
             respectively. Included in contract assets for design, construction and decoration services are retention
             receivables. Upon completion of services and acceptance by the customer, the amounts recognised as
             contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables. The increase in contract assets in 2021 and 2020 was
             the result of the increase in the ongoing provision of design, construction and decoration services at the
             end of each of the years.


             The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December 2021 is within one
             year.


             An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
             credit losses. The provision rates for the measurement of the expected credit losses of the contract assets
             are based on those of the trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from
             the same customer bases. The provision rates of contract assets are based on days past due of trade
             receivables for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type
             and rating, and forms of credit insurance). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the
             time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date
             about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.


             Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s contract assets using a
             provision matrix:


                                                                                                  2021           2020

              Expected credit loss rate                                                            0%              0%
              Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                                             1,400,898            789,328
              Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                                       –               –




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
262
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




27. BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
   An analysis of the amounts due from related parties is as follows:


                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                    Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

    Current:
      Due from related parties:
        The ultimate holding company                                                         645                    283
        An intermediate holding company                                                      259                    360
        The immediate holding company                                                      1,162                 1,308
        An associate of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                   95                     –
        Fellow subsidiaries                                                             144,870                134,982
        Associates                                                      (i)          9,688,608              7,887,305
        Joint ventures                                                  (ii)       19,816,601              20,127,331
        The substantial shareholder                                     (iii)        1,912,913              1,305,290


      Impairment allowance                                                          (1,311,180)             (1,311,180)
                                                                                   30,253,973              28,145,679

    Non-current:
      Due from related parties:
        Associates                                                      (iv)         1,067,678              1,526,881
        Joint ventures                                                  (v)        10,789,364              12,013,207
        The substantial shareholder                                     (vi)                     –             873,704
                                                                                   11,857,042              14,413,792




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             263
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      27. BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
             At each reporting date, an impairment analysis is performed using the general approach to recognise the
             ECLs on the amounts due from the related parties. For those associates and joint ventures undertaking
             property development projects, if applicable, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to the
             lifetime ECL which would be calculated by taking into account the impairment losses of the properties
             under development and properties held for sale held by the associates and joint ventures. The ECLs
             reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. As at 31
             December 2021, the loss allowance was assessed and recognised at an amount of RMB1,311,180,000 (2020:
             RMB1,311,180,000).


             The amounts due from related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand, except
             for the following:


             (i)     The current balances of amounts due from associates as at 31 December 2021 of RMB4,019,333,000
                     in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 2.42% to 9.00% per annum (2020:
                     RMB2,840,919,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 4.35% to 10.00% per
                     annum).


             (ii)    The current balances of amounts due from joint ventures as at 31 December 2021 of
                     RMB10,684,273,000 in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 4.35% to 10.00% per
                     annum (2020: RMB9,109,020,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 2.18% to
                     13.88% per annum).


             (iii)   The current balances of amounts due from the substantial shareholder as at 31 December 2021 of
                     RMB1,747,993,000 in aggregate, which bear interest at a rate of 2.18% to 2.75% per annum (2020:
                     RMB1,014,548,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at a rate of 2.18% per annum).


             (iv)    The non-current balances of amounts due from associates as at 31 December 2021 of RMB987,798,000
                     in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 5.22% to 8.00% per annum (2020:
                     RMB1,311,278,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 2.42% to 12.00% per
                     annum).


             (v)     The non-current balances of amounts due from joint ventures as at 31 December 2021 of
                     RMB9,637,243,000 in aggregate which bear interest at rates ranging from 1.93% to 13.88% per annum
                     (2020: RMB11,510,036,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 1.93% to 12.00%
                     per annum).


             (vi)    The non-current balances of amounts due from the substantial shareholder as at 31 December 2020
                     of RMB844,192,000, which bore interest at a rate of 2.75% per annum.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
264
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




27. BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   An analysis of the amounts due to related parties is as follows:


                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                      Notes            RMB’000               RMB’000

     Current:
           Due to related parties:
             The ultimate holding company                                                   2,170                 2,170
             An intermediate holding company                                              32,321                 24,708
             The immediate holding company                                            9,378,955              9,291,416
             Fellow subsidiaries                                                      4,527,859              7,882,360
             Associates                                                 (i)         10,672,565               8,033,323
             Joint ventures                                            (ii)         11,759,046              12,158,468
             Associates of the Group’s ultimate holding company                           15,951                  2,671
             The substantial shareholder                                              2,577,371                 740,867
                                                                                    38,966,238              38,135,983

     Non-current:
           Due to related parties:
             An intermediate holding company                           (iii)        11,556,775               9,818,013
             Associates                                                (iv)           1,748,901              1,135,937
             A joint venture                                           (v)                        –             100,000
                                                                                    13,305,676              11,053,950


   The amounts due to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand, except for
   the following:


   (i)       The current balances of amounts due to associates as at 31 December 2021 of RMB1,313,370,000
             in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 2.18% to 3.85% per annum (2020:
             RMB1,415,406,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 3.05% to 4.75% per annum).


   (ii)      The current balances of amounts due to joint ventures as at 31 December 2020 of RMB690,000,000,
             which bore interest at a rate of 4.75% per annum.


   (iii)     The non-current balances of amounts due to an intermediate holding company of RMB10,700,000,000,
             which bear interest from 4.20% to 4.35% per annum (2020: RMB9,300,000,000, which bore interest
             from 4.20% to 4.35% per annum).




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              265
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      27. BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
             An analysis of the amounts due to related parties is as follows (continued):


             (iv)     The non-current balances of amounts due to associates as at 31 December 2021 of RMB777,000,000
                      in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 4.28% to 4.75% per annum (2020:
                      RMB1,115,500,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 2.38% to 4.28% per annum).


             (v)      The non-current balances of amounts due to a joint venture as at 31 December 2020 of
                      RMB100,000,000, which bore interest at a rate of 2.00% per annum.


      28. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                   2021                 2020
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

               Non-current balances
                    Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                  105,000                50,000
                    A convertible bond, at fair value                                           806,403                     –
                    Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                   637,933                96,669
                                                                                             1,549,336                146,669
               Current balances
                    Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                         42              501,047
                                                                                             1,549,378                647,716


             The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.


             Convertible bond was issued by China VAST in a principal amount of US$123,276,000 (equivalent to
             RMB797,657,000). The convertible bond has a term of 3 years with interest rate of 6% per annum payable
             semi-annually in arrears. The convertible price is HK$3.05 per share and a total of 313,735,125 shares of
             China VAST will be issued upon full conversion of the convertible bonds.


             The above other unlisted investments were wealth management products issued by banks in Mainland
             China.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
266
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2021




29. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES AND
    DEPOSITS
                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

   Cash and bank balances                                                        30,984,729              40,052,376
   Time deposits                                                                   8,759,700             12,025,378
                                                                                 39,744,429              52,077,754

   Less:
   Restricted bank balances                                                       (8,693,792)             (8,622,174)
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                     31,050,637              43,455,580


  At 31 December 2021, the cash and bank balances and the time deposits of the Group denominated
  in RMB amounted to RMB30,406,235,000 (2020: RMB38,370,842,000). The RMB is not freely convertible
  into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
  Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted
  to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


  Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits
  are made for varying periods of within one year depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
  Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged
  deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


  Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of RMB9,972,529,000 (2020:
  RMB6,611,320,000) placed with Sinochem Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Sinochem Finance”), a financial
  institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rates on these deposits ranged from 0.35%
  to 1.90% per annum (2020: 0.35% to 1.725%). Further details of the interest income attributable to the
  deposits placed with Sinochem Finance are set out in note 47(a) to the financial statements.


  As at 31 December 2021, restricted bank balances included the regulated pre-sales proceeds of properties
  of RMB6,980,418,000 (31 December 2020: RMB6,754,530,000).




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           267
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      30. DUE FROM NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
             The non-current balances of amounts due from non-controlling shareholders are unsecured, bear interest
             at rates ranging from 2.18% to 4.75% (2020: 0.35% to 4.75%) per annum and are not repayable within one
             year.


      31. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
             An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
             invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

              Within 1 year or on demand                                                 26,475,543            20,555,439
              Over 1 year                                                                 2,476,019             1,351,409
                                                                                         28,951,562            21,906,848


             The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 60-day terms.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
268
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2021




32. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                             Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

     Other payables                                                            (a)          18,392,754              16,920,670
     Receipts in advance                                                                      2,551,602                 128,597
     Contract liabilities                                                      (b)          78,213,782              81,493,761
     Accruals                                                                                    218,956                175,909
     Due to non-controlling shareholders                                       (c)            4,390,261              4,902,565
     Dividend payable to non-controlling shareholders                                             33,627                     250
     Deferred revenue                                                                            781,743             1,180,365
     Carrying amount at 31 December                                                        104,582,725             104,802,117
     Current portion                                                                       103,811,166             104,802,117
     Non-current portion                                                                        771,559                        –

   Notes:

   (a)   Other payables are non-interest-bearing with an average term of not more than one year. The value added taxes
         (“VAT”) relating to pre-sale of properties are included in other payables as at 31 December 2021 with an amount
         of approximately RMB6,861,506,000 (2020: RMB7,203,207,000). VAT payable is recognised when or as the control of
         the properties is transferred to customers and revenue is recognised.

   (b)   Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                       31 December           31 December               1 January
                                                                              2021                  2020                   2020
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000
            Short-term advances received from customers:
            Sale of properties                                            77,681,366             81,113,070           64,548,683
            Land development                                                       –                 23,586                    –
            Hotel operations                                                  82,240                 80,425               96,967
            Others                                                           450,176                276,680              228,279
            Total contract liabilities                                    78,213,782             81,493,761           64,873,929

         Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver completed properties and land development
         assets, render hotel operations, design and decoration services and management services. The decrease in contract
         liabilities in 2021 was mainly due to the recognition of revenue arising from contract liabilities in relation to short-
         term advances received from customers.

   (c)   The amounts due to non-controlling shareholders as at 31 December 2021 are unsecured and interest-free, except
         for the amounts of RMB1,433,441,000 in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 4.35% to 12.00%
         per annum (2020: RMB2,861,677,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 4.35% to 12.00% per
         annum).




                                                                           CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                      269
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      33. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                                          Liabilities    Liabilities
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

              Interest rate swaps                                                            39,108         95,792
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                                              2,587               –
              Carrying amount at 31 December                                                 41,695         95,792
              Current portion                                                               (13,623)        (10,403)
              Non-current portion                                                            28,072         85,389


             Derivative financial instruments of the Group were conducted with creditworthy banks.


            Cash flow hedge – Interest rate risk and foreign currency risk
            At 31 December 2021, the Group had interest rate swap agreements in place with an aggregate notional
            amount of HK$960,000,000 and US$250,000,000, respectively, whereby they pay interest at fixed rates
            ranging from of 2.59% to 4.45% and receive interest at variable rates equal to the Hong Kong Interbank
            Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 1.65% and London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus 1.25% on the
            notional amount. The swaps are being used to hedge the interest rate exposure of floating rate unsecured
            bank loans with an aggregate face value of HK$960,000,000 and US$250,000,000, respectively.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
270
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2021




33. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   At 31 December 2021, the Group had a cross currency interest rate swap agreement whereby the Group
   is required to pay interest at a fixed rate of 3.55% and pay RMB160,785,000 on the maturity date, and is
   entitled to receive interest at a variable rate equal to the LIBOR plus 0.30% and receive US$25,000,000 on
   the maturity date. The swap is being used to hedge the interest rate and foreign currency exposure of a
   floating rate unsecured bank loan with face value of US$25,000,000.


   There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms
   of the swaps and foreign currency forward contracts match the terms of the variable rate foreign currency
   denominated bank loans (i.e., notional amount, maturity and payment date). The Group has established a
   hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risks of the swaps and foreign currency
   forward contracts are identical to the hedged risk components. To measure the hedge effectiveness, the
   Group uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging
   instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.


   Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


   •    Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the forecasted payments and the hedging instruments


   •    Different interest rate curves applied to discount the hedged items and hedging instruments


   •    The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
        instruments and hedged items


   •    Changes to the forecasted amounts of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            271
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                   2021                                 2020
                                                      Effective                             Effective
                                                       interest                              interest
                                                      rate (%)     Maturity      RMB’000    rate (%)    Maturity    RMB’000

              Current
              Bank loans, unsecured                  1.00-4.73        2022      8,969,339   2.15-4.00       2021     8,012,672
              Other loans, unsecured                 3.80-4.75        2022      1,162,000        4.37       2021      690,000
              Notes, unsecured                            3.92        2022       800,000           –            –           –
              Current portion of
                long term bank loans,
                secured                              3.85-5.39        2022      2,027,883   4.28-5.39       2021     2,049,150
              Current portion of
                long term bank loans,
                unsecured                            1.60-4.90        2022      6,910,121   4.75-5.28       2021     6,575,056
              Current portion of
                long term other loans,
                unsecured                            4.37-4.75        2022        24,200    4.37-7.00       2021     3,572,816
              Current portion of long
                term other loans, secured            4.60-6.05        2022       724,272           –            –           –
              Current portion of
                long term notes,
                unsecured                            3.60-6.40        2022      4,463,371   4.99-6.75       2021     6,871,735
                                                                               25,081,186                           27,771,429

              Non-current
              Bank loans, secured                    4.23-5.39    2023-2033    10,573,543   4.15-5.61   2022-2027    6,619,088
              Bank loans, unsecured                  1.42-5.50    2023-2032    15,000,522   1.52-5.70   2022-2031   16,015,210
              Other loans, unsecured                 4.37-6.90    2023-2027    20,876,713   5.50-6.90   2023-2024   19,031,370
              Other loans, secured                   2.65-6.05    2023-2037    12,701,172   2.65-4.10   2022-2037    9,492,000
              Notes, unsecured                       3.20-4.00    2023-2024     8,994,953   3.28-6.40   2022-2029    9,849,181
              Domestic corporate bonds,
                unsecured                            3.10-3.74    2023-2024    13,800,000   3.10-3.72   2022-2024    8,800,000
                                                                               81,946,903                           69,806,849
                                                                              107,028,089                           97,578,278




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
272
                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         31 December 2021




34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
                                                                                                               2021                   2020
                                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

     Analysed into:
     Bank loans repayable:
         Within one year                                                                              17,907,343               16,636,878
         In the second year                                                                             2,429,820              12,236,182
         In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                       22,621,737                 8,291,406
         Beyond five years                                                                                 522,508               2,106,710
                                                                                                      43,481,408               39,271,176

     Other borrowings repayable:
         Within one year                                                                                7,173,843              11,134,551
         In the second year                                                                           16,349,124               12,259,795
         In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                       18,755,141               21,224,915
         Beyond five years                                                                            21,268,573               13,687,841
                                                                                                      63,546,681               58,307,102
                                                                                                     107,028,089               97,578,278

   Notes:

   (a)     A s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2021, t h e G r o u p h a d l o a n f a c i l i t i e s a m o u n t i n g t o R M B191,275,284,000 (2020:
           RMB173,624,510,000), of which RMB79,769,764,000 (2020: RMB72,057,362,000) had been utilised.

   (b)     Certain of the Group’s bank and other loans are secured by:

           (i)     mortgages over certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, which had an aggregate net carrying
                   value at the end of the reporting period of RMB3,213,792,000 (2020: RMB219,982,000);

           (ii)    mortgages over certain of the Group’s properties under development, which had an aggregate carrying
                   amount at the end of the reporting period of approximately RMB90,341,912,000 (2020: RMB75,307,751,000);

           (iii)   mortgages over certain of the Group’s properties held for sale, which had an aggregate carrying amount at
                   the end of the reporting period of RMB132,501,000 (2020: RMB132,501,000);

           (iv)    mortgages over certain of the Group’s investment properties, which had an aggregate carrying value at the
                   end of the reporting period of approximately RMB11,881,000,000 (2020: RMB11,317,930,000);

           (v)     mortgages over certain of the Group’s trade receivables, which had an aggregate net carrying value at the
                   end of the reporting period of RMB11,512,000 (2020: Nil);

           (vi)    mortgages over certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets, which had an aggregate net carrying value at the
                   end of the reporting period of RMB618,864,000 (2020: Nil).

   (c)     Except for the bank and other borrowings amounting to approximately RMB22,138,025,000 (2020:
           RMB21,225,405,000) and RMB18,590,342,000 (2020: RMB13,673,743,000) which are denominated in United States
           dollars and Hong Kong dollars, respectively, all bank and other borrowings are denominated in RMB.




                                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                  273
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      35. PROVISION FOR LAND APPRECIATION TAX
                                                                                                             RMB’000

              At 1 January 2020                                                                              3,290,135
              Charged to the statement of profit or loss during the year (note 11)                             913,728
              Payment during the year                                                                       (1,558,981)
              Transfer from prepaid tax                                                                       (570,736)
              At 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                        2,074,146
              Charged to the statement of profit or loss during the year (note 11)                          2,044,745
              Payment during the year                                                                        (869,053)
              Transfer from prepaid tax                                                                      (935,775)
              At 31 December 2021                                                                           2,314,063


             PRC land appreciation tax
             According to the requirements of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增
             值稅暫行條例) effective from 1 January 1994, and the Detailed Implementation Rules on the Provisional
             Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增值稅暫行條例實施細則) effective from 27 January
             1995, all income arising from the sale or transfer of state-owned land use rights, buildings and their
             attached facilities in Mainland China is subject to LAT at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% of the
             appreciation value, with an exemption for the sale of ordinary residential properties (普通標準住宅) if their
             appreciation values do not exceed 20% of the sum of the total deductible items.


             Effective from 1995, the local tax bureau requires the prepayment of LAT on the pre-sales and sales
             proceeds of property development. According to the relevant tax notices issued by local tax authorities,
             the Group is required to pay LAT in advance at 1% to 3.5% on the pre-sales and sales proceeds of the
             Group’s properties.


             The Group has estimated, made and included in taxation a provision for LAT according to the requirements
             set out in the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations. The actual LAT liabilities are subject to the
             determination by the tax authorities upon completion of the property development projects. The tax
             authorities might disagree with the basis on which the provision for LAT is calculated.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
274
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  31 December 2021




36. DEFERRED TAX
   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


   Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                Depreciation     Fair value
                                                                  allowance     adjustment
                                                                   in excess   arising from                       Accrued
                                                 Revaluation      of related acquisition of      Withholding      interest
                                                of properties   depreciation   subsidiaries            taxes       income        Others          Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

    At 1 January 2020                               3,739,995        679,242        815,076          142,197       223,212       323,621     5,923,343
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                   –              –        738,975                –             –             –       738,975
    Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
      the statement of profit or loss
      during the year (note 11)                      298,264          46,656       (410,659)               –      (160,916)      405,071       178,416

    Gross deferred tax liabilities at
      31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021          4,038,259        725,898      1,143,392          142,197        62,296       728,692     6,840,734
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                  –               –       354,980                 –             –            –       354,980
    Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
      the statement of profit or loss
      during the year (note 11)                       78,566         61,993       (428,679)                –       (23,401)      88,657      (222,864)
    Deferred tax charged to asset revaluation
      reserve during the year                          2,795               –              –                –             –            –         2,795

    Gross deferred tax liabilities at
      31 December 2021                             4,119,620        787,891      1,069,693          142,197        38,895       817,349     6,975,645




                                                                                               CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                          275
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      36. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
             Deferred tax assets
                                                                                    Losses
                                                                              available for
                                                                                offsetting       Unrealised
                                                                                   against     profit arising
                                                                                    future             from
                                                                 Provision         taxable      intra-group
                                                                  for LAT           profits     transactions     Others         Total
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

              At 1 January 2020                                   777,105          710,968         1,176,641      56,460     2,721,174
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                      –          14,508                 –           –       14,508
              Deferred tax credited/(charged)
                to the statement of
                profit or loss during the year (note 11)          (336,683)         (42,515)          48,059     691,900      360,761
              Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)                         –                –          (30,770)          –       (30,770)
              Gross deferred tax assets at
                31 December 2020                                 440,422          682,961         1,193,930     748,360     3,065,673
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                      –         58,428                  –           –      58,428
              Deferred tax credited/(charged)
                to the statement of
                profit or loss during the year (note 11)          (26,597)        431,660             (5,761)   (237,127)    162,175
              Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)                         –         (24,910)                –           –      (24,910)
              Gross deferred tax assets at
                31 December 2021                                 413,825        1,148,139         1,188,169     511,233     3,261,366


             For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the consolidated
             statement of financial position.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
276
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2021




36. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
   Deferred tax assets (Continued)
   The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                              2021                 2020
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position                                                               3,248,538              3,052,845
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement
      of financial position                                                           (6,962,817)             (6,827,906)
                                                                                      (3,714,279)             (3,775,061)


   The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB6,233,364,000 (2020: RMB4,508,776,000)
   that will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not
   been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making
   for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax
   losses can be utilised.


   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
   foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is
   effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate
   may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors.
   For the Group, the applicable rate is 5%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends
   distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1
   January 2008.


   At 31 December 2021, the Group recognised deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB142,197,000 (2020
   RMB142,197,000) for withholding taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of the Group’s
   subsidiaries established in Mainland China. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that the
   remaining unremitted earnings of the Group’s subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and joint operations
   will be distributed in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated
   with investments in subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and joint operations in Mainland China for
   which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately RMB39,195,296,000 at 31
   December 2021 (2020: RMB31,700,547,000).


   There is no income tax consequence attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
   shareholders.




                                                                    CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                               277
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      37. PERPETUAL CAPITAL INSTRUMENTS
             (a)    2016 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
                    On 4 February 2016, Franshion Brilliant Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued
                    the subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital securities with an aggregate principal amount of
                    US$500,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB3,270,950,000). The direct transaction costs
                    attributable to the issuance amounted to US$1,470,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB9,619,000).


                    The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 6% per
                    annum from and including 4 February 2016, payable semi-annually on 4 February and 4 August of
                    each year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of
                    the securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


                    On 4 February 2021, the Group redeemed all of these 2016 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual
                    Capital Securities with a principal amount of US$500,000,000.


             (b)    2017 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
                    On 17 January 2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital
                    securities with an amount of US$497,615,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB3,433,145,000), at
                    99.523% of the principal amount of US$500,000,000. The direct transaction costs attributable to the
                    issuance amounted to US$3,862,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB26,645,000).


                    The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 5.75% per
                    annum from and including 17 January 2017, payable semi-annually on January 17 and July 17 of each
                    year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
                    securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


                    On 6 November 2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual
                    capital securities with an aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                    RMB1,987,410,000). The direct transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to US$196,000
                    (equivalent to approximately RMB1,296,000).


                    The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 4.875% per
                    annum from and including 6 May 2018, payable semi-annually on May 6 and November 6 of each
                    year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
                    securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
278
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




37. PERPETUAL CAPITAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c)   2017 Senior Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
         On 3 July 2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the senior guaranteed perpetual capital securities in
         an aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000 (equivalent to RMB2,033,160,000). On 1 September
         2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited completed another issue of the senior guaranteed perpetual capital
         securities with an amount of US$200,182,000 (equivalent to RMB1,319,380,000), at 100.091% of the
         principal amount of US$200,000,000 and an accrued distribution of US$1,289,000 (equivalent to
         RMB8,495,000) compensated from the bankers.


         The securities confer a right to receive distribution at 4.00% per annum payable semi-annually in
         arrears beginning on 3 January 2018 with no stated maturity date. The transaction costs related to the
         issuance were approximately US$1,735,000 (equivalent to RMB11,566,000).


   (d)   2017 Hwabao Trust Perpetual Capital Securities
         On 22 December 2017, Jinmao Investment Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. completed an issue of
         the guaranteed perpetual capital securities, in an aggregate principal amount of RMB621,000,000 with
         the trust plan established by Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd.


         The securities confer a right to receive distribution at 6.95% per annum payable semi-annually in
         arrears beginning on 21 June 2018. The issuer, may at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution
         pursuant to the terms of the securities.


         On 29 December 2020, the Group redeemed all of these guaranteed perpetual capital securities with
         a principal amount of RMB621,000,000.


   (e)   2018 Senior Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
         On 4 December 2018, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the senior guaranteed perpetual capital
         securities in an aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000 (equivalent to RMB2,068,170,000).
         The direct transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to US$1,997,700 (equivalent to
         approximately RMB13,772,000).


         The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the 6.90% per annum payable semi-annually
         in arrears beginning on 4 December 2018 with no stated maturity date. The issuer may, at its sole
         discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the securities. The securities may be
         redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


         On 6 December 2021, the Group redeemed all of these 2018 Senior Guaranteed Perpetual Capital
         Securities with a principal amount of US$300,000,000.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             279
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      37. PERPETUAL CAPITAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
             (f)    2018 Domestic Unsecured Perpetual Medium-Term Notes
                    On 18 December 2018, Jinmao Investment Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., issued the unsecured
                    perpetual medium-term notes, with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000. The direct
                    transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to RMB6,882,000.


                    The notes confer a right to receive distribution at 5.00% per annum payable annually beginning on 20
                    December 2018 and every three interest-bearing years shall be a cycle. The Group has the option for
                    extension at the end of every three interest-bearing years.


                    On 18 December 2021, the Group redeemed all of these 2018 Domestic Unsecured Perpetual
                    Medium-Term Notes with a principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000.


             (g)    2019 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
                    On 6 December 2019, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual
                    capital securities with an aggregate principal amount of US$400,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                    RMB2,815,320,000). The direct transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to US$759,000
                    (equivalent to approximately RMB5,340,000).


                    The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 7.125% per
                    annum from and including 6 June 2020, payable semi-annually on 6 June and 6 December of each
                    year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
                    securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


             (h)    2020 Sinochem Corporation Perpetual Debts
                    On 14 December 2020, Jinmao Investment Management (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. entered into a perpetual
                    debt agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of RMB5,000,000,000 with its intermediate holding
                    company, Sinochem Corporation. The debts confer a right to receive distribution at 4.95% per annum
                    payable annually in arrears beginning on 14 December 2021. Jinmao Investment Management (Tianjin)
                    Co., Ltd., may at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the debts.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
280
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




37. PERPETUAL CAPITAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (i)   2021 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
         On 8 February 2021, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital
         securities with an aggregate principal amount of US$500,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
         RMB3,233,900,000). The direct transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to
         US$1,695,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,964,000).


         The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 6.00% per
         annum from and including 8 August 2021, payable semi-annually on 8 February and 8 August of each
         year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
         securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


   (j)   2021 Yangguang Guaranteed Perpetual Debts
         On 29 June 2021, Suzhou Yongmao Properties Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
         entered into a perpetual debt agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 with
         Yangguang Asset Management Co., Ltd. The debts are guaranteed by Shanghai Jinmao Investment
         Management Group Co., Ltd. The debts confer a right to receive distribution at 5.40% per annum
         from and including 20 September 2021, payable quarterly on 20 March, 20 June, 20 September and
         20 December of each year. The Group may at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant
         to the terms of the debts.


   In the opinion of the directors, the Group is able to control the delivery of cash or other financial assets
   to the holders of the perpetual capital instruments in (a) to (j) above due to redemption other than an
   unforeseen liquidation of the Company or the issuers. Accordingly, these instruments are classified as
   equity instruments.




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             281
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      38. SHARE CAPITAL
             Shares
                                                                                                      2021                   2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

               Issued and fully paid:
                   12,688,342,090 (2020: 12,736,243,290) ordinary shares                       11,530,230              11,527,148


             A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                               Number of                    Share
                                                                                           shares in issue                 capital
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

               At 1 January 2020                                                         11,769,524,490                21,250,860
               Issue of new shares (note a)                                                  951,790,000                 4,845,815
               Share options exercised (note b)                                                14,928,800                   35,573
               At 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                    12,736,243,290                26,132,248
               Share options exercised (note c)                                                 3,700,800                    8,217
               Shares repurchased (note d)                                                    (51,602,000)                        –
               31 December 2021                                                          12,688,342,090                26,140,465

             Notes:

             (a)     The Company issued 951,790,000 ordinary shares at the placing price of HK$5.70 per share with net proceeds of
                     approximately RMB4,845,815,000.

             (b)     14,928,800 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$2.196 per share (note 39), resulting in
                     the issue of 14,928,800 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB29,428,000. An amount
                     of RMB6,145,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share capital upon the exercise of the share
                     options.

             (c)     3,700,800 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$2.196 per share (note 39), resulting in
                     the issue of 3,700,800 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB6,768,000. An amount of
                     RMB1,449,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share capital upon the exercise of the share
                     options.

             (d)     The Company purchased 51,602,000 ordinary shares of the company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2021 at
                     a total consideration of RMB134,804,000 which was paid wholly out of retained profits. The purchased shares were
                     cancelled during the year.


             Share options
             Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme are included
             in note 39 to the financial statements.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
282
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2021




39. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
   2007 Scheme
   The Company operated a share option scheme (the “2007 Scheme”) for the purpose of providing incentives
   and rewards to eligible participants who contributed to the success of the Group’s operations. Eligible
   participants of the 2007 Scheme included the Company’s executive and non-executive directors and the
   Group’s senior management, key technical and professional personnel, managers and employees, but did
   not include the Company’s independent non-executive directors. The 2007 Scheme became effective on
   22 November 2007 and expired on 22 November 2017, after 10 years from the effective date. However,
   the options granted under the 2007 Scheme continued to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the
   terms of issue.


   The maximum number of unexercised share options currently permitted to be granted under the 2007
   Scheme was an amount equivalent, upon their exercise, to 10% of the shares of the Company in issue at
   any time. The maximum number of shares issuable under share options to each eligible participant in the
   2007 Scheme within any 12-month period was limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any
   time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit was subject to shareholders’ approval in a
   general meeting.


   Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to
   any of their associates, were subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors.
   In addition, any share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
   Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time
   or with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of
   HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, were subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general
   meeting.


   The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted within 28 days from the date of offer, upon
   payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise and exercisability of the
   share options was related to the performance of individuals and of the Company. The board of directors
   would determine performance targets concerned and set out in the grant notice. The share options granted
   would become exercisable after two years from the grant date or a later date as set out in the relevant
   grant notice, and in any event shall end not later than seven years from the grant date but subject to the
   provisions for early termination of employment.


   The exercise price of share options was determinable by the directors, but might not be less than the
   highest of (i) the Hong Kong Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the grant date of
   the share options; (ii) the average Hong Kong Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for
   the five trading days immediately preceding the grant date; and (iii) the par value of the Company’s share.


   Share options did not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            283
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      39. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
             2007 Scheme (Continued)
             The following share options were outstanding under the 2007 Scheme during the year:


                                                                         2021                                 2020
                                                                 Weighted                           Weighted
                                                                   average      Number of             average         Number of
                                                            exercise price         options     exercise price             options
                                                           HK$ per share                       HK$ per share

                 At 1 January                                        2.196      73,169,200                2.196        89,258,000
                 Forfeited during the year                           2.196                 –              2.196         (1,160,000)
                 Exercised during the year                           2.196      (3,700,800)               2.196        (14,928,800)
                 At 31 December                                      2.196      69,468,400                2.196        73,169,200


             The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year was
             HK$2.196 per share (2020: HK$2.196 per share).


             The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding under the 2007 Scheme as at the
             end of the reporting period are as follows:


             2021


                  Number of options                 Exercise price*      Exercise period
                                                     HK$ per share
                            5,188,800                            2.196   17 October 2018 to 16 October 2023
                           24,342,800                            2.196   17 October 2019 to 16 October 2023
                           39,936,800                            2.196   17 October 2020 to 16 October 2023
                           69,468,400


             2020


                  Number of options                 Exercise price*      Exercise period
                                                     HK$ per share
                                5,458,800                        2.196   17 October 2018 to 16 October 2023
                            25,799,200                           2.196   17 October 2019 to 16 October 2023
                            41,911,200                           2.196   17 October 2020 to 16 October 2023
                            73,169,200

             *       The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other
                     similar changes in the Company’s share capital.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
284
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2021




39. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
   2007 Scheme (Continued)
   The fair value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2016 was HK$80,332,000
   (HK$0.47 each), which was fully recognised in prior years.


   The 3,700,800 share options exercised during the year resulted in the issue of 3,700,800 ordinary shares of
   the Company and new share capital of HK$9,866,000 (equivalent to RMB8,217,000) (before issue expenses),
   as further detailed in note 38 to the financial statements.


   New Scheme
   On 29 January 2019, a new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”) was adopted by the Company to
   enhance the Company’s continuous commitment to eligible participants and enhance them to pursue the
   objectives of the Company. On 8 February 2019, an aggregate of 265,950,000 share options were granted
   under the New Scheme to eligible participants of the Group. These share options have an exercise price of
   HK$3.99 per share. One-third of the share options granted will be vested in two years from 8 February 2019,
   one-third of the share options granted will be vested in three years from 8 February 2019 and one-third of
   the options granted will be vested in four years from 8 February 2019. Once the share options are vested,
   they are exercisable until 7 February 2026.


   On 9 September 2019, an aggregate of 9,000,000 share options were granted under the New Scheme to
   eligible participants of the Group. These share options have an exercise price of HK$4.58 per share. One-
   third of the share options granted will be vested in two years from 9 September 2019, one-third of the
   share options granted will be vested in three years from 9 September and one-third of the options granted
   will be vested in four years from 9 September. Once the share options are vested, they are exercisable until
   8 September 2026.


   According to the terms of the New Scheme, the board of directors shall at its absolute discretion grant to
   any participant a certain number of options at any time within 10 years after the adoption date of the New
   Scheme. Participants, i.e. recipients of the options granted, include any existing executive or non-executive
   directors of any member of the Group and any senior management, key technical and professional
   personnel, managers and employees of any member of the Group, but do not include any independent
   non-executive directors of the Company.


   The number of shares to be issued at any time upon exercise of all options granted under the New Scheme
   and other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the then issued
   share capital of the Company.




                                                                 CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                            285
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      39. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
             New Scheme (Continued)
             Unless an approval of shareholders is obtained at a general meeting, if the total number of shares issued
             and shares which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the share options (including exercised, cancelled
             and outstanding options) granted under the New Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
             Company to a participant in any 12-month period in aggregate exceeds 1% of the issued share capital of
             the Company at any time, no further options shall be granted to such participant. Upon acceptance of the
             grant, the grantee undertakes that he/she will, at the request of the Company, pay a consideration of HK$1
             or the equivalent (to be determined on the date when the offer of the grant is accepted) to the Company
             for acceptance of the offer of the grant of the share option.


             Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings. The
             following share options were outstanding under the New Scheme during the year:


                                                                          2021                              2020
                                                                 Weighted                           Weighted
                                                                  average         Number of          average       Number of
                                                            exercise price           options    exercise price        options
                                                           HK$ per share                        HK$ per share

              At 1 January                                              4.01     262,350,000              4.01     269,100,000
              Forfeited during the year                                 3.99     (21,350,000)             3.99      (6,750,000)
              At 31 December                                            4.01     241,000,000              4.01     262,350,000


             The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding under the New Scheme as at the
             end of the reporting period are as follows:


             2021


                 Number of options                  Exercise price*        Exercise period
                                                     HK$ per share

                           76,394,000                            3.99      8 February 2021 to 7 February 2026
                           77,794,000                            3.99      8 February 2022 to 7 February 2026
                           77,812,000                            3.99      8 February 2023 to 7 February 2026
                            3,000,000                            4.58      9 September 2021 to 8 September 2026
                            3,000,000                            4.58      9 September 2022 to 8 September 2026
                            3,000,000                            4.58      9 September 2023 to 8 September 2026
                         241,000,000




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
286
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2021




39. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
   New Scheme (Continued)
   2020


       Number of options               Exercise price*        Exercise period
                                        HK$ per share

                 84,444,000                         3.99      8 February 2021 to 7 February 2026
                 84,444,000                         3.99      8 February 2022 to 7 February 2026
                 84,462,000                         3.99      8 February 2023 to 7 February 2026
                   3,000,000                        4.58      9 September 2021 to 8 September 2026
                   3,000,000                        4.58      9 September 2022 to 8 September 2026
                   3,000,000                        4.58      9 September 2023 to 8 September 2026
                262,350,000

   *      The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other
          similar changes in the Company’s share capital.


   The fair value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2019 was HK$257,594,000
   of which the Group recognised a share option expense of HK$55,555,000 (equivalent to RMB46,127,000)
   (2020: RMB82,721,000) during the year ended 31 December 2021.


   No other feature of the options granted was incorporated into the measurement of fair value.


   At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 69,468,400 share options outstanding under the 2007
   Scheme and 241,000,000 share options outstanding under the New Scheme. The exercise in full of the
   outstanding share options would, under the present capital structure of the Company, result in the issue
   of 310,468,400 additional ordinary shares of the Company and additional share capital of HK$1,119,453,000
   (equivalent to RMB929,469,000) (before issue expenses).




                                                                       CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  287
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      40. RESERVES
             The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
             presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 176 to 177 of the financial
             statements.


             Capital reserve
             The capital reserve represents additional contribution made by the shareholders of the Company’s
             subsidiaries and, in the case of an acquisition of an additional equity interest in a non-wholly-owned
             subsidiary, the difference between the cost of acquisition and the non-controlling interests acquired.


             PRC statutory surplus reserve
             Transfers from retained profits to the statutory surplus reserve were made in accordance with the relevant
             PRC rules and regulations and the articles of association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland
             China and were approved by the board of directors of the respective subsidiaries.


             The statutory surplus reserve can be used to cover previous years’ losses, if any, and may be converted
             into capital in proportion to equity holders’ existing equity holding, provided that the balance after such
             conversion is not less than 25% of their registered capital.


             Asset revaluation reserve
             The asset revaluation reserve arose from the change in use from owner-occupied properties to investment
             properties carried at fair value.


             Share option reserve
             The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as
             further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements.
             The amount will either be transferred to the share capital account when the related options are exercised,
             or be transferred to retained profits should the related options expire or be forfeited.


             Hedging reserve
             The hedging reserve represents reserves related to net investment hedges and cash flow hedges.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
288
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




41. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
    INTERESTS
  Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:


                                                                                        Nanjing                Suzhou
                                                                                        Runmao                 Anmao
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

   2021


   Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests                      72.50%                73.50%
   (Loss)/profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests                   (275,801)             259,809
   Dividends declared to non-controlling interests                                               –           110,250
   Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the
     reporting date                                                                  1,818,231             3,684,866


                                                                                        Nanjing                Suzhou
                                                                                        Runmao                 Anmao
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

   2020


   Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests                       72.50%                73.50%
   (Loss)/profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests                     (16,017)              205,829
   Dividends declared to non-controlling interests                                               –             110,250
   Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the
     reporting date                                                                    2,102,226            3,530,703




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             289
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      41. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
          INTERESTS (Continued)
             The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts
             disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:


                                                                                            Nanjing            Suzhou
                                                                                            Runmao             Anmao
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

              2021


              Revenue                                                                     4,977,972         3,443,538
              Total expenses                                                             (5,358,387)       (3,090,056)
              (Loss)/profit for the year                                                   (380,415)          353,482
              Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                               (380,415)          353,482

              Current assets                                                              4,555,745         6,091,812
              Non-current assets                                                          1,342,346               144
              Current liabilities                                                        (2,962,130)       (1,076,219)
              Non-current liabilities                                                      (428,056)           (2,314)

              Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                           (354,503)        1,351,368
              Net cash flows used in investing activities                                        (88)        (950,000)
              Net cash flows used in financing activities                                    (93,610)        (754,913)
              Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                    (448,201)         (353,545)


                                                                                            Nanjing            Suzhou
                                                                                            Runmao             Anmao
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

              2020


              Revenue                                                                          3,810         5,069,754
              Total expenses                                                                  (25,902)      (4,789,714)
              (Loss)/profit for the year                                                      (22,092)         280,040
              Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                  (22,092)         280,040

              Current assets                                                               7,064,879         7,464,164
              Non-current assets                                                           3,317,757               260
              Current liabilities                                                          (6,862,139)      (2,289,781)
              Non-current liabilities                                                       (623,835)         (363,081)

              Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                            (326,960)        2,785,909
              Net cash flows used in investing activities                                        (185)      (1,800,000)
              Net cash flows used in financing activities                                   (362,861)         (793,012)
              Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                          (690,006)          192,897




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
290
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2021




42. BUSINESS COMBINATION
   Business combination during the year ended 31 December 2021 mainly included the acquisitions of a
   number of property development companies and acquisition of additional interests in joint ventures and
   associates (collectively referred to as the “2021 Acquirees”). The directors of the Company consider that
   none of these subsidiaries acquired during the year was significant to the Group and thus the individual
   financial information of these subsidiaries on the acquisition date was not disclosed.

   The Group remeasured the fair value of the equity interest previously held as joint ventures or associates at
   the date of acquisition, and fair value gains of RMB266,183,000 were recognised in other income and gains
   in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2021 (note 5).

   The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interest in the 2021 Acquirees at the non-controlling
   interest’s proportionate share of the 2021 Acquirees’ identifiable net assets.

   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the 2021 Acquirees as at the date of acquisition
   were as follows:

                                                                                            Notes              RMB’000

       Property, plant and equipment                                                          14                 151,944
       Right-of-use assets                                                                   19(a)                18,313
       Intangible assets                                                                      20                      76
       Properties under development                                                           15              10,342,813
       Properties held for sale                                                                                1,883,798
       Deferred tax assets                                                                     36                 58,428
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                         1,975,883
       Prepaid tax                                                                                               607,037
       Restricted bank balances                                                                                  724,050
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               2,491,362
       Trade and bills payables                                                                                 (380,692)
       Other payables and accruals                                                                           (14,181,831)
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                              44             (1,191,629)
       Tax payable                                                                                                  (582)
       Lease liabilities                                                                   19(b), 44              (1,044)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                               36                (354,980)
       Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                             2,142,946

       Non-controlling interests                                                                                 (504,183)
       Gain on bargain purchase recognised in other income and gains
        in the consolidated income statement                                                    5                 (93,763)
                                                                                                               1,545,000
       Satisfied by:
       Cash*                                                                                                      958,704
       Fair value of equity interest previously held as investments in
         joint ventures and associates                                                                            586,296
       Total purchase consideration                                                                            1,545,000

   *       Cash consideration of RMB160,833,000 had been pre-paid by the Group as at 31 December 2020 and the
           consideration of RMB768,681,000 was paid during the year. As at 31 December 2021, the consideration of
           RMB29,190,000 remained outstanding.


                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                291
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      42. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
             The fair values of its other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to RMB1,975,883,000, which
             are equal to its gross contractual amounts. There was no estimated uncollectable amount of the contractual
             cash flows at the date of acquisition.


             The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB550,000 for these acquisitions. These transaction costs have
             been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


             The Group measured the acquired lease liabilities using the present value of the remaining lease payments
             at the date of acquisition. The right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities
             and adjusted to reflect the favourable terms of the leases relative to market terms.


             The Group recognised a gain on bargain purchase of approximately RMB93,763,000 in the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2021, which was, in the opinion of the
             directors, primarily attributable to the Group’s ability in negotiating the agreed terms of the transaction
             with the independent third parties, as the Group has good reputation and rich experience in the property
             development and management of residential properties, commercial buildings and hotel properties, and
             has sufficient available funds for the ongoing development of the project.


             An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of the subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                              RMB’000

              Cash consideration                                                                               (768,681)
              Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                 2,491,362
              Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
                 investing activities                                                                         1,722,681
              Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows used in
                 operating activities                                                                              (550)
                                                                                                              1,722,131


             Since the acquisition, the 2021 Acquirees contributed RMB3,710,000,000 to the Group’s revenue and
             incurred a loss of RMB209,000,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 in
             aggregate.


             Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue from
             continuing operations of the Group and the profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021
             would have been RMB90,059,934,000 and RMB7,700,938,000 respectively.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
292
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2021




42. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
   Business combination during the year ended 31 December 2020 mainly included the acquisitions of a
   number of property development companies and the acquisition of additional interests in joint ventures
   and associates (collectively referred to as the “2020 Acquirees”). The directors of the Company consider
   that none of these subsidiaries acquired during the year was significant to the Group and thus the
   individual financial information of these subsidiaries on the acquisition date was not disclosed.

   The Group remeasured the fair value of the equity interest previously held as joint ventures or associates
   at the date of acquisition, and fair value gains of RMB1,307,456,000 were recognised in other income and
   gains in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2020 (note 5).

   The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interest in the 2020 Acquirees at the non-controlling
   interest’s proportionate share of the 2020 Acquirees’ identifiable net assets.

   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the 2020 Acquirees as at the date of acquisition
   were as follows:

                                                                                            Notes              RMB’000

       Property, plant and equipment                                                          14                   3,089
       Right-of-use assets                                                                   19(a)                 6,831
       Intangible assets                                                                      20                   1,833
       Investments in associates                                                                                 197,966
       Properties under development                                                            15             24,817,373
       Properties held for sale                                                                                  468,612
       Deferred tax assets                                                                     36                 14,508
       Trade and bills receivables                                                                                11,100
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                         1,081,192
       Prepaid tax                                                                                               858,604
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 481,017
       Trade and bills payables                                                                                 (462,382)
       Other payables and accruals                                                                            (7,928,932)
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                              44            (12,179,396)
       Tax payable                                                                                               (57,549)
       Lease liabilities                                                                   19(b), 44              (4,814)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                               36                (738,975)
       Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                             6,570,077

       Non-controlling interests                                                                                 (628,428)
       Gain on bargain purchase recognised in other income and gains
        in the consolidated income statement                                                    5                (146,548)
                                                                                                               5,795,101
       Satisfied by:
       Cash*                                                                                                   4,289,225
       Fair value of equity interest previously held as investments in
         joint ventures and associates                                                                         1,505,876
       Total purchase consideration                                                                            5,795,101

   *       Cash consideration of RMB2,303,775,000 had been pre-paid by the Group as at 31 December 2019, and the
           consideration of RMB1,985,450,000 was paid during the year.


                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                293
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      42. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
             The fair values of its other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to RMB1,081,192,000, which
             are equal to its gross contractual amounts. There was no estimated uncollectable amount of the contractual
             cash flows at the date of acquisition.


             The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB303,000 for these acquisitions. These transaction costs have
             been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


             The Group measured the acquired lease liabilities using the present value of the remaining lease payments
             at the date of acquisition. The right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities
             and adjusted to reflect the favourable terms of the leases relative to market terms.


             The Group recognised a gain on bargain purchase of approximately RMB146,548,000 in the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2020, which was, in the opinion of the
             directors, primarily attributable to the Group’s ability in negotiating the agreed terms of the transaction
             with the independent third parties, as the Group has good reputation and rich experience in the property
             development and management of residential properties, commercial buildings and hotel properties, and
             has sufficient available funds for the ongoing development of the project.


             An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of the subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                               RMB’000

              Cash consideration                                                                              (1,985,450)
              Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                   481,017
              Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows used in
                 investing activities                                                                         (1,504,433)
              Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows used in
                 operating activities                                                                               (303)
                                                                                                              (1,504,736)


             Since the acquisition, the 2020 Acquirees contributed RMB8,088,518,000 to the Group’s revenue and
             incurred a loss of RMB493,417,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 in
             aggregate.


             Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from
             continuing operations of the Group and the profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020
             would have been RMB61,347,684,000 and RMB6,198,478,000, respectively.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
294
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2021




43. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
   During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group lost control over certain
   subsidiaries.


                                                                                                2021                 2020
                                                                        Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000

       Net assets disposed of:
         Property, plant and equipment                                    14                   1,821                 4,347
         Intangible assets                                                20                         –                  664
         Deferred tax assets                                              36                 24,910                 30,770
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                         885,123              3,189,001
         Properties under development                                     15           10,586,908              27,533,056
         Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                 1,498,058              2,858,032
         Prepaid tax                                                                        363,987                456,118
         Trade and bills payables                                                          (552,713)            (1,108,363)
         Other payables and accruals                                                    (9,244,323)           (22,667,510)
         Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                       44            (1,296,400)             (4,877,100)
                                                                                         2,267,371              5,419,015
       Non-controlling interests                                                                     –          (1,023,942)
                                                                                         2,267,371              4,395,073
       Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                    5             1,068,824              1,543,156
                                                                                         3,336,195              5,938,229
       Satisfied by:
         Cash*                                                                           2,722,592              2,814,904
         Fair value of interests retained by the Group                                     613,603              3,123,325
                                                                                         3,336,195              5,938,229

   *       Cash consideration of RMB35,077,000 had been received in advance by the Group as at 31 December 2020 and the
           remaining consideration of RMB2,687,515,000 was received during the year.


   An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries is as
   follows:


                                                                                                2021                 2020
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

   Cash consideration                                                                    2,687,515              2,814,904
   Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                   (885,123)            (3,189,001)
   Net inflow/(outflow) of cash and cash equivalents in respect
       of the disposal of subsidiaries                                                   1,802,392                (374,097)




                                                                      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                 295
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      44. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
             (a)    Major non-cash transactions
                    During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
                    RMB90,565,000 (2020: RMB1,037,659,00, including those classified under investment properties of
                    RMB869,941,000) and RMB90,565,000 (2020: RMB1,037,659,000), respectively.


             (b)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities:
                    2021
                                                                                    Payable to    Amount due
                                                                                non-controlling   to immediate
                                                                   Bank and       shareholders         holding        Lease
                                                                  other loans       and others        company     liabilities
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

                     At 1 January 2021                            97,578,278       15,280,239                –    1,099,575
                     Changes from financing cash flows            10,463,493        (4,391,469)       (960,958)    (174,893)
                     Foreign exchange movement                      (946,142)                –               –             –
                     New leases                                             –                –               –      90,565
                     Interest expense                                 37,231                 –               –      49,685
                     2020 final dividend                                    –                –        514,241              –
                     2021 interim dividend                                  –                –        446,717              –
                     Dividends to non-controlling
                        shareholders                                        –        1,218,244               –             –
                     Increase arising from acquisition of
                        subsidiaries (note 42)                     1,191,629                 –               –        1,044
                     Decrease arising from disposal of
                        subsidiaries (note 43)                    (1,296,400)                –               –             –
                     At 31 December 2021                         107,028,089       12,107,014                –    1,065,976




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
296
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2021




44. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities: (Continued)
         2020
                                                                       Payable to       Amount due
                                                                   non-controlling     to immediate
                                                     Bank and        shareholders             holding               Lease
                                                   other loans         and others           company             liabilities
                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

          At 1 January 2020                         96,571,686          12,754,794                    –           195,609
          Changes from financing cash flows          (3,999,756)         2,117,986          (1,068,018)           (179,414)
          Foreign exchange movement                  (2,295,948)                  –                   –                   –
          New leases                                          –                   –                   –         1,037,659
          Interest expense                                    –                   –                   –             40,907
          2019 final dividend                                 –                   –           589,189                     –
          2020 interim dividend                               –                   –           478,829                     –
          Dividends to non-controlling
            shareholders                                      –           407,459                     –                   –
          Increase arising from acquisition of
            subsidiaries (note 42)                  12,179,396                    –                   –              4,814
          Decrease arising from disposal of
            subsidiaries (note 43)                   (4,877,100)                  –                   –                   –
          At 31 December 2020                       97,578,278          15,280,239                    –         1,099,575


   (c)   Total cash outflow for leases:
         The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                               2021                 2020
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

          Within operating activities                                                       12,631                 32,646
          Within financing activities                                                     174,893                 179,414
                                                                                          187,524                 212,060




                                                                     CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                297
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      45. FINANCIAL GUARANTEES
             At the end of the reporting period, the Group has provided guarantees amounting to approximately
             RMB38,661,226,000 (2020: RMB30,337,792,000) in respect of mortgage facilities for certain purchasers of the
             Group’s properties.


             Besides, the Group also provided guarantees, based on the Group’s proportion of equity interest of 29.9%,
             in respect of certain notes issued by an associate with an aggregate principal amount of US$66,000,000
             (equal to RMB420,796,200), and the related aggregate amount of guarantees provided was US$19,734,000
             (equal to RMB125,818,000 ) as at 31 December 2021 (2020:Nil).


             The Group assessed that the fair value at initial recognition of the financial guarantees and the ECL
             allowance during the year were not significant.


      46. COMMITMENTS
             (a)    The Group had the following commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

                     Contracted, but not provided for:
                        Properties under development                                     78,578,100         43,470,487
                        Land under development                                            6,531,622          5,042,970
                        Property, plant and equipment                                        28,407            290,252
                        Capital contributions to joint ventures and associates            8,943,937          5,555,316
                                                                                         94,082,066         54,359,025


             (b)    The Group has various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2021. The
                    future lease payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts are RMB26,098,000 due within one
                    year.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
298
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
         following material transactions with related parties during the year:
                                                                                          2021                  2020
                                                                     Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000
          Fellow subsidiaries:
            Rental income*                                              (i)             211,295                 243,433
            Property management fee income*                             (i)              37,126                  49,186
            Interest expense*                                          (ii)             144,696                 258,831
            Interest income*                                           (iii)             37,684                 141,209
            Building decoration service income                          (i)                 220                       –

          The immediate holding company:
            Rental expense                                             (i)                 4,398                  5,285
            Interest expense                                           (ii)              149,780                168,779

          An intermediate holding company:
            Rental income*                                             (i)               107,711                 88,569
            Property management fee income*                            (i)                 9,021                 11,556
            Interest expense                                           (ii)              492,583                663,373
            Building decoration service income                         (i)                 6,294                      –

          The ultimate holding company:
            Rental income*                                             (i)                  7,910                 7,910
            Interest expense                                           (ii)                     –                   882
            Property management fee income*                            (i)                    727                     –

          Joint ventures:
            Interest income                                            (iii)          1,673,349              1,777,867
            Interest expense                                           (ii)             356,394                209,897
            Consulting fee expense                                      (i)                   –                236,305
            Rental income                                               (i)               2,355                  2,747
            Property management fee income                              (i)             111,564                 87,096
            Building decoration service income                          (i)             652,861                401,921
            Consulting fee income                                       (i)              54,849                 44,431
            Other service income                                        (i)                 565                      –

          Associates:
            Interest income                                            (iii)               7,222                799,266
            Interest expense                                           (ii)              202,494                139,669
            Property management fee income                              (i)               79,538                 65,245
            Building decoration service income                          (i)              329,181                410,688
            Consulting fee income                                       (i)               41,165                 69,115
            Rental income                                               (i)                3,007                      –
            Other service income                                        (i)                  829                      –

          Associates of the Group’s ultimate holding company:
            Rental income*                                              (i)               39,232                  8,161
            Property management fee income*                             (i)                5,675                    656

          The substantial shareholder:
            Interest income*                                           (iii)             116,193                 88,814
            Interest expense*                                          (ii)                7,234                 18,595


                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              299
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
             (a)    (Continued)

                    Notes:

                    (i)     These transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually agreed by the
                            parties involved.

                    (ii)    The interest expense was charged at rates ranging from 2.18% to 9.37% (2020: 2.00% to 4.75%) per annum.

                    (iii)   The interest income was determined at rates ranging from 1.93% to 13.88% (2020: 1.93% to 13.88%) per
                            annum.

                    *       A certain portion of these related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions as
                            defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


             (b)    Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                                     2021                    2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

                        Short term employee benefits                                                 48,328                  46,290
                        Post-employment benefits                                                      2,772                   2,490
                        Equity-settled share option expense                                           4,648                   6,808
                        Total compensation paid to key management personnel                          55,748                  55,588


                    Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 9 to the
                    financial statements.

             (c)    Transactions and balances with other state-owned entities
                    The Group is indirectly controlled by the PRC government and operates in an economic environment
                    predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the government through its
                    agencies, affiliates or other organisations (collectively “State-owned Entities” (“SOEs”)). During the
                    year, the Group had transactions with other SOEs including, but not limited to, borrowings, deposits,
                    the sale of properties developed, the provision of property lease and management services and the
                    provision of sub-contracting services. The directors of the Company consider that these transactions
                    with other SOEs are activities conducted in the ordinary course of business and that the dealings of
                    the Group have not been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and the other
                    SOEs are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC government. The Group has also established
                    pricing policies for its products and services and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or
                    not the customers are SOEs.

             (d)    Provision of guarantees to an associate
                    As at 31 December 2021, the Group provided guarantees for notes issued by an associate with an
                    aggregate principal amount of US$66,000,000 (equal to RMB420,796,200), based on the Group’s
                    proportion of equity interests of 29.9% in the associate and the related aggregate amount of
                    guarantees provided was US$19,734,000 (equal to RMB125,818,000) as at 31 December 2021 (2020:Nil).

                    The Group assessed that the fair value at initial recognition of the above financial guarantees and the
                    ECL allowance during the year were not significant.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
300
                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  31 December 2021




48. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
   period are as follows:

                                                                       2021                                               2020
                                                 Financial assets                                   Financial assets
                                                   at fair value                                      at fair value
                                                     through                                            through
                                                  profit or loss                                     profit or loss
                                                    Designated          Financial                      Designated          Financial
                                                        as such         assets at                          as such         assets at
                                                    upon initial       amortised                       upon initial       amortised
                                                    recognition             cost            Total      recognition             cost           Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000
    Financial assets
    Trade receivables                                           –      2,081,970        2,081,970                  –         446,776        446,776
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets                      –       25,479,411       25,479,411                 –       22,385,371      22,385,371
    Due from related parties                                  –       42,111,015       42,111,015                 –       42,559,471      42,559,471
    Due from non-controlling shareholders                     –        4,533,781        4,533,781                 –          866,814         866,814
    Other financial assets                            1,549,378                –        1,549,378           647,716                –         647,716
    Restricted bank balances                                  –        8,693,792        8,693,792                 –        8,622,174       8,622,174
    Cash and cash equivalents                                 –       31,050,637       31,050,637                 –       43,455,580      43,455,580
                                                      1,549,378      113,950,606      115,499,984           647,716     118,336,186      118,983,902


                                                                       2021                                               2020
                                                        Financial                                          Financial
                                                    liabilities at                                     liabilities at
                                                       fair value       Financial                         fair value       Financial
                                                 through profit      liabilities at                 through profit      liabilities at
                                                   or loss–held        amortised                     or loss – held       amortised
                                                     for trading               cost         Total       for trading               cost        Total
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
    Financial liabilities
    Trade and bills payables                                    –     28,951,562       28,951,562                  –      21,906,848      21,906,848
    Financial liabilities included in other
      payables and accruals                                   –       25,255,928       25,255,928                 –       21,823,485      21,823,485
    Derivative financial instruments                     41,695                –           41,695            95,792                –          95,792
    Due to related parties                                    –       52,271,914       52,271,914                 –       49,189,933      49,189,933
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                –      107,028,089      107,028,089                 –       97,578,278      97,578,278
    Lease liabilities                                         –        1,065,976        1,065,976                 –        1,099,575       1,099,575
    Long-term payables                                        –                –                –                 –           71,996          71,996
                                                         41,695      214,573,469      214,615,164            95,792     191,670,115      191,765,907




                                                                                         CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                       301
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      49. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
             amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                                     Carrying amounts                Fair values
                                                                       2021          2020           2021             2020
                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

              Financial assets
              Other financial assets                               1,549,378       647,716     1,549,378           647,716

              Financial liabilities
              Derivative financial instruments                       41,695         95,792        41,695            95,792
              Interest-bearing bank and other
                 borrowings                                      107,028,089    97,578,278   107,403,497       98,961,766


             Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank balances, trade
             receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, other financial
             assets, trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, amounts due
             from/to related parties, and lease liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short
             term maturities of these instruments.


             The Group’s finance department is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair
             value measurement of financial instruments.


             The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
             could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation
             sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


             The fair values of long-term time deposits, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings except for notes
             and domestic corporate bonds have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using
             rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The fair
             values of notes and domestic corporate bonds are based on quoted market prices. The changes in fair
             value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
             as at 31 December 2021 were assessed to be insignificant.


             The fair value of a convertible bond is estimated using the binominal option pricing model. The binominal
             option pricing model incorporates various inputs including risk-free interest rate and expected volatility.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
302
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




49. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
   The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through profit or loss included
   in other financial assets, have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on
   assumptions that are not supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the
   directors to determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy,
   and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as enterprise value to earnings before interest,
   taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/EBITDA”) multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for
   each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the
   comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations
   such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific
   facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the
   unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair values
   resulting from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial
   position, and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and
   that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.


   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by
   banks in Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
   discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms
   and risks.


   The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with counterparties, principally financial institutions
   with good credit ratings. Derivative financial instruments are measured using present value calculations or
   similar calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs including the credit quality of
   counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves.


   Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together
   with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2021 and 2020:


                                  Valuation               Significant                     Sensitivity of fair value
                                 technique      unobservable input                                      to the input

   A convertible bond              Binomial               Share price           5% increase in share price would
                                     option                                         result in increase in fair value
                                     pricing                                      by RMB79,000, 5% decrease in
                                                                                   share price would not result in
                                                                                               changes in fair value
                                                  Expected volatility                                 5% increase in
                                                                                         expected volatility would
                                                                                           result in increase in fair
                                                                                          value by RMB79,000, 5%
                                                                          decrease in expected volatility would
                                                                               not result in changes in fair value




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             303
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      49. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (Continued)
             Fair value hierarchy
             The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


             Assets measured at fair value:
             As at 31 December 2021


                                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                                      Significant         Significant
                                                                     observable        unobservable
                                                                          inputs              inputs
                                                                        (Level 2)           (Level 3)               Total
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000

              Other financial assets                                    742,975             806,403           1,549,378


             As at 31 December 2020


                                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                                      Significant         Significant
                                                                     observable        unobservable
                                                                          inputs              inputs
                                                                        (Level 2)           (Level 3)               Total
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000

              Other financial assets                                     647,716                    –            647,716


             The Group’s assets were not categorised in Level 1 as at 31 December 2021 (2020: Nil).


             The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                    2021
                                                                                                               RMB’000

              At 1 January                                                                                                –
              Purchases                                                                                         797,657
              Total gains recognised in the statement of profit or loss included in
                 other income                                                                                    20,598
              Total losses recognised in other comprehensive income                                              (11,852)
              At 31 December                                                                                    806,403




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
304
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2021




49. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   Liabilities measured at fair value:
   Fair value measurement using significant observable inputs (Level 2)


   As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                              2021                     2020
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Derivative financial instruments                                                        41,695                    95,792


   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
   transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2020: Nil).


   Assets for which fair values are disclosed:
   The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets were either measured at fair value in the statement of
   financial positions or approximate to fair values as at 31 December 2020 and 2021.


   Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
   As at 31 December 2021


                                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices         Significant        Significant
                                                           in active       observable       unobservable
                                                            markets             inputs              inputs
                                                           (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings          28,433,732        78,969,765                     –      107,403,497


   As at 31 December 2020


                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices         Significant        Significant
                                                            in active       observable       unobservable
                                                             markets             inputs              inputs
                                                            (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings             26,904,404        72,057,362                   –         98,961,766




                                                                        CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                   305
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      50. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
             The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans and other
             borrowings, and cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise
             finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade
             receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.


             The Group also enters into derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts and
             interest rate swaps. The purpose is to manage foreign currency risk arising from the Group’s net investment
             in foreign operations, and to manage the interest rate and currency risks arising from the Group’s
             operations and its sources of finance.


             The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk,
             credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these
             risks and they are summarised below. The Group’s accounting policies in relation to derivatives are set out
             in note 2.4 to the financial statements.


             Interest rate risk
             The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long
             term debt obligations with floating interest rates.


             The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with
             all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
             borrowings).


                                                                                                               Increase/
                                                                                              Increase/        (decrease)
                                                                                             (decrease)         in profit
                                                                                         in basis points      before tax
                                                                                                               RMB’000

              31 December 2021
                 RMB                                                                                 25          (30,429)
                 US$                                                                                 25          (21,981)
                 HK$                                                                                 25          (37,905)


                 RMB                                                                                (25)          30,429
                 US$                                                                                (25)          21,981
                 HK$                                                                                (25)          37,905
              31 December 2020
                 RMB                                                                                 25           (33,450)
                 US$                                                                                 25           (13,545)
                 HK$                                                                                 25           (15,231)


                 RMB                                                                                 (25)          33,450
                 US$                                                                                 (25)          13,545
                 HK$                                                                                 (25)          15,231


      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
306
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




50. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Interest rate risk (Continued)
   The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rates had
   occurred at the end of the year and has applied the exposure to interest rate risk to those bank and
   other borrowings in existence at that date. The estimated percentage increase or decrease represents
   management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates over the year until the end of
   the next reporting period.


   Foreign currency risk
   All of the Group’s revenue and substantially all of the Group’s operating expenses are denominated in
   RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. The PRC Government imposes controls on the
   convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currencies out of
   Mainland China. Shortages in the availability of foreign currencies may restrict the ability of the Group’s
   PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currencies to pay dividends or other amounts to the Group.


   Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including dividends,
   trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without the
   prior approval from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange by complying with certain procedural
   requirements. However, the approval from the appropriate PRC Governmental authorities is required where
   RMB is to be converted into foreign currencies and remitted out of Mainland China to pay capital account
   items, such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies.


   Currently, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currencies for settlement of current account
   transactions, including the payment of dividends to the Company, without the prior approval of the State
   Administration of Foreign Exchange. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries may also retain foreign currencies in
   their current accounts to satisfy foreign currency liabilities or to pay dividends. Since foreign currency
   transactions on the capital account are still subject to limitations and require the approval from the State
   Administration of Foreign Exchange, this could affect the ability of the Group’s subsidiaries to obtain
   the required foreign currencies through debt or equity financing, including by means of loans or capital
   contributions.


   The Group’s financial assets and liabilities are not subject to foreign currency risk, except for certain short
   term deposits and interest-bearing borrowings denominated in United States dollars and Hong Kong
   dollars. The fluctuations in the exchange rates of RMB against foreign currencies could affect the Group’s
   results of operations. The Group have used derivative financial instruments to reduce the exposure to
   foreign currency borrowings.


   The Group entered into derivative financial instruments in respect of the cash flow hedges to minimise
   the foreign currency exposures as detailed in note 33 to the financial statements. It’s the Group’s policy to
   negotiate the terms of the hedge derivatives to match the terms of the hedged item to maximise hedge
   effectiveness. The Group will constantly review the economic situation and its foreign currency risk profile,
   and will consider other appropriate hedging measures in future as may be necessary.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              307
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      50. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
             Foreign currency risk (Continued)
             The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
             change in the exchange rate between HK$ and US$ of the Group’s profits for the years ended 31 December
             2021 and 2020.


                                                                                            Increase/         Increase/
                                                                                           (decrease)       (decrease)
                                                                                             in profit        in profit
              Increase/(decrease) in US$ rate                                            for the year      for the year
                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

              1%                                                                            (224,766)          (208,719)
              (1%)                                                                           224,766            208,719


             The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
             possible change in the exchange rate between RMB and US$ of the Group’s profits for the years ended 31
             December 2021 and 2020.


                                                                                            Increase/         Increase/
                                                                                           (decrease)       (decrease)
                                                                                             in profit        in profit
              Increase/(decrease) in US$ rate                                            for the year      for the year
                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

              5%                                                                                 274              3,773
              (5%)                                                                               (274)           (3,773)




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
308
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2021




50. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Credit risk
   Maximum exposure and year-end staging
   The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s
   credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without
   undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are
   gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee
   contracts.


   As at 31 December 2021


                                          12-month
                                               ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                         Simplified
                                            Stage 1       Stage 2         Stage 3         approach              Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

    Contract assets*                              –             –                 –      1,400,898        1,400,898
    Trade receivables*                            –             –                 –      2,109,601        2,109,601
    Financial assets included in
      prepayments, other receivables
      and other assets – Normal**        25,479,411             –                 –                –     25,479,411
    Due from non-controlling
      shareholders                        4,533,781             –                 –                –      4,533,781
    Due from related parties             38,302,420     5,119,775                 –                –     43,422,195
    Other financial assets                1,549,378             –                 –                –      1,549,378
    Restricted bank balances
      – Not yet past due                  8,693,792             –                 –                –      8,693,792
    Cash and cash equivalents
      – Not yet past due                 31,050,637             –                 –                –     31,050,637
    Guarantee given to banks for
      mortgage facilities                38,661,226             –                 –                –     38,661,226
    Guarantee given in respect
      notes issued by an associate          125,818             –                 –                –        125,818
                                        148,396,463     5,119,775                 –      3,510,499     157,026,737




                                                                CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                           309
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      50. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
             Credit risk (Continued)
            Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)
             As at 31 December 2020


                                                                 12-month
                                                                      ECLs                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                Simplified
                                                                   Stage 1       Stage 2          Stage 3        approach             Total
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

                 Contract assets*                                        –              –                –         789,328          789,328
                 Trade receivables*                                      –              –                –         468,391          468,391
                 Financial assets included in
                   prepayments, other receivables
                   and other assets – Normal**                   22,385,371             –                –                –      22,385,371
                 Due from non-controlling
                   shareholders                                    866,814              –                –                –         866,814
                 Due from related parties                        37,746,335     6,124,316                –                –      43,870,651
                 Other financial assets                            647,716              –                –                –         647,716
                 Restricted bank balances
                   – Not yet past due                             8,622,174             –                –                –       8,622,174
                 Cash and cash equivalents
                   – Not yet past due                            43,455,580             –                –                –      43,455,580
                 Guarantee given to banks for
                   mortgage facilities                           30,337,792             –                –                –      30,337,792
                                                             144,061,782       6,124,316                 –       1,257,719     151,443,817

             *       For trade receivables and contract assets to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment,
                     information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in notes 24 and 26 to the financial statements, respectively.

             **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered
                     to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had
                     a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is
                     considered to be “doubtful”.


             Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables
             and contract assets are disclosed in notes 24 and 26 to the financial statements.


             Liquidity risk
             Due to the capital intensive nature of the Group’s business, the Group ensures that it maintains sufficient
             cash and credit facilities to meet its liquidity requirements. The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance
             between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans, lease liabilities and other
             interest-bearing loans. In the opinion of the directors, most of the borrowings that mature within one year
             are able to be renewed and the Group is expected to have adequate source of funding to finance and
             manage its liquidity position.




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
310
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2021




50. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Liquidity risk (Continued)
   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
   contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


                                                                           2021
                                                          More than       More than
                                               Within     1 year but     2 years but
                                            1 year or      less than       less than       More than
                                           on demand         2 years         5 years          5 years             Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and
      other borrowings                    34,402,923     21,751,398      44,937,719       22,280,475      123,372,515
    Lease liabilities                        180,863        181,949         359,864          886,637         1,609,313
    Trade and bills payables              28,951,562               –                –                –     28,951,562
    Other payables                        22,045,083               –        771,559                  –     22,816,642
    Derivative financial instruments           13,623              –         28,072                  –          41,695
    Due to related parties                38,966,238     13,305,676                 –                –     52,271,914
    Guarantee given to banks for
      mortgage facilities                 38,661,226               –                –                –     38,661,226
    Guarantee given in respect notes
      issued by an associate                 125,818               –                –                –         125,818
                                         163,347,336     35,239,023      46,097,214       23,167,112      267,850,685


                                                                           2020
                                                          More than       More than
                                               Within     1 year but     2 years but
                                            1 year or      less than       less than       More than
                                           on demand         2 years         5 years          5 years             Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and
      other borrowings                      29,806,622    25,879,513      31,552,240       15,904,747       103,143,122
    Lease liabilities                         187,146        147,070         324,450           881,494        1,540,160
    Trade and bills payables                21,906,848             –                –                –       21,906,848
    Other payables                          21,823,484             –                –                –       21,823,484
    Derivative financial instruments           10,403              –          85,389                 –           95,792
    Due to related parties                  38,135,983     9,918,013       1,135,937                 –       49,189,933
    Long-term payables                         22,549         19,211          36,422             2,000           80,182
    Guarantee given to banks for
      mortgage facilities                   30,337,792             –                –                –       30,337,792
                                           142,230,827    35,963,807      33,134,438       16,788,241       228,117,313




                                                                  CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                             311
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      50. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
             Capital management
             The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
             continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for
             other stakeholders, and to provide an adequate return to shareholders by pricing products and services
             commensurately with the level of risk.


             The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
             conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital
             structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to
             reduce debt. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were
             made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December
             2021 and 31 December 2020.


             The Group monitors capital on the basis of the net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratio. This ratio is calculated
             as net debt divided by adjusted capital. Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing bank and other
             borrowings (as shown in the statement of financial position) less cash and cash equivalents, restricted
             bank balances and certain financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Adjusted capital comprises
             all components of equity (including non-controlling interests) and the Company’s amounts due to the
             immediate holding company. The Group aims to maintain the net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratio at a
             reasonable level. The net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as
             follows:


                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                             Note           RMB’000           RMB’000

              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                       34       107,028,089          97,578,278
              Less: Cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank
                        balances and certain other financial assets                      (39,744,471)       (52,578,801)
              Net debt                                                                   67,283,618          44,999,477

              Total equity                                                              106,793,628        101,827,082
              Add: the Company’s amounts due to the
                        immediate holding company                                          8,929,278          8,828,531
              Adjusted capital                                                          115,722,906        110,655,613

              Net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratio                                               58.1%             40.7%




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
312
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2021




51. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   (a)   On 18 January 2022, the Group completed the redemption and cancellation of the 2017 Subordinate
         Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities with a principal amount of US$500,000,000.


   (b)   On 16 February 2022, Shanghai Jinmao Investment Management Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai
         Jinmao”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the issue of the first tranche of
         corporate bonds with an amount of RMB1,800,000,000. The corporate bonds are unsecured and have
         a term of 5 years with a fixed rate of 3.20% per annum. The issuer shall be entitled to adjust the
         coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the
         third year.


         On 25 March 2022, Shanghai Jinmao completed the issue of the second tranche of corporate bonds
         with an amount of RMB1,500,000,000. The corporate bonds are unsecured and have a term of 5 years
         with a fixed rate of 3.50% per annum. The issuer shall be entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the
         investors shall be entitled to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the third year.

   (c)   Distribution in specie

         On 18 February 2022, the Company declared a conditional special dividend by mean of distribution
         in specie of 191,680,031 ordinary shares of Jinmao Property Services Co., Limited (the “Jinmao
         Services”) to the qualifying shareholders as which is conditional to the separate listing of the shares of
         Jinmao Services on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Global Offering”). The distribution became
         unconditional on 10 March 2022 upon the completion of the Global Offering as further described
         below.

         On 10 March 2022, Jinmao Services completed its Global Offering and 101,411,500 shares were issued
         at offering price of HK$8.14 per share. Upon completion of the distribution and the Global Offering,
         the Company holds approximately 67.5% of the total number of issued shares of Jinmao Services and
         Jinmao Services remains as a subsidiary of the Company.

   (d)   On 4 March 2022, Franshion Brilliant Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, completed
         the issue of guaranteed senior notes with a principal amount of US$200,000,000 (the “Original
         Notes”). On 22 March 2022, Franshion Brilliant Limited completed an additional issue of guaranteed
         senior notes with a principal amount of US$150,000,000 (the “New Notes”). The New Notes were
         consolidated and formed a single series with the Original Notes with an aggregate principal amount
         of US$350,000,000 (the “Notes”). The Notes were unsecured, interest-bearing at 4.40% per annum
         payable semi-annually in arrears and will mature on 4 March 2025.




                                                                   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                              313
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      52. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
             Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is
             as follows:

                                                                                               2021             2020
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

              NON-CURRENT ASSETS
              Property, plant and equipment                                                        75             103
              Right-of-use assets                                                             4,974                 –
              Investments in subsidiaries                                               36,444,226         38,410,585
              Total non-current assets                                                  36,449,275         38,410,688
              CURRENT ASSETS
              Due from subsidiaries                                                     44,981,355         51,068,672
              Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                              593,037            598,931
              Due from related parties                                                        1,202             1,350
              Other financial assets                                                       806,403                  –
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                    553,142          2,669,304
              Total current assets                                                      46,935,139         54,338,257
              CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Other payables and accruals                                                  206,585            360,357
              Due to related parties                                                     8,929,278         12,743,427
              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                 9,269,227         12,925,194
              Lease liabilities                                                               5,071                 –
              Total current liabilities                                                 18,410,161         26,028,978
              NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                        28,524,978         28,309,279
              TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                     64,974,253         66,719,967
              NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Due to subsidiaries                                                       26,479,941         30,873,361
              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                13,813,805          8,556,430
              Derivative financial instruments                                               28,072            64,319
              Total non-current liabilities                                             40,321,818         39,494,110
              Net assets                                                                24,652,435         27,225,857
              EQUITY
              Share capital                                                             26,140,465         26,132,248
              Reserves (note)                                                            (1,488,030)        1,093,609
              Total equity                                                              24,652,435         27,225,857


                                       Li Congrui                                     Jiang Nan
                                         Director                                       Director




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
314
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2021




52. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   Note:

   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                   Exchange                            Share
                                                 fluctuation       Hedging            option         Retained
                                                     reserve        reserve          reserve           profits            Total
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000
    At 1 January 2020                                400,347         (34,991)         112,929         1,566,857        2,045,142
    Final 2019 dividend declared                           –               –                –        (1,181,924)      (1,181,924)
    2020 interim dividend declared                         –               –                –        (1,364,184)      (1,364,184)
    Total comprehensive income for the year       (1,683,559)        (29,328)               –         3,225,821        1,512,934
    Equity-settled share option arrangements               –               –           87,786                 –           87,786
    Exercise of share options                              –               –           (6,145)                –           (6,145)
    Transfer of share option reserve upon
      the forfeiture of share options                      –               –           (7,603)           7,603                 –
    At 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021       (1,283,212)        (64,319)         186,967        2,254,173         1,093,609
    Repurchase of shares                                  –               –                –         (134,804)         (134,804)
    Final 2020 dividend declared                          –               –                –       (1,462,990)       (1,462,990)
    2021 interim dividend declared                        –               –                –       (1,266,204)       (1,266,204)
    Total comprehensive income for the year        (761,991)         36,247                –          963,425           237,681
    Equity-settled share option arrangements              –               –           46,127                –            46,127
    Exercise of share options                             –               –           (1,449)               –            (1,449)
    Transfer of share option reserve upon
      the forfeiture of share options                      –               –         (24,922)          24,922                  –
    At 31 December 2021                          (2,045,203)        (28,072)         206,723          378,522        (1,488,030)

   The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as further
   explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The amount will
   either be transferred to share capital when the related options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits should
   the related options expire or be forfeited.


53. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 March
   2022.




                                                                          CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                     315
      Five-Year Financial Information
      31 December 2021




      I.     MAJOR INFORMATION OF STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                             2017           2018           2019           2020           2021
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                       (Restated)     (Restated)     (Restated)

              RESULTS


              Revenue                                   31,074,845     38,732,667     43,355,941     60,053,878     90,059,934
              Cost of sales                            (21,034,199)   (24,194,452)   (30,591,198)   (47,939,514)   (73,302,309)
              Gross profit                              10,040,646     14,538,215     12,764,743     12,114,364     16,757,625


              Other income and gains                     4,020,323      2,878,286      6,135,704      8,698,685      7,028,274
              Selling and marketing expenses              (977,448)    (1,083,018)    (1,302,401)    (1,600,582)    (2,378,428)
              Administrative expenses                   (2,143,024)    (2,418,344)    (3,056,412)    (3,529,395)    (4,675,358)
              Other expenses and losses, net              (323,952)       (36,146)        (6,916)    (4,381,312)    (2,806,638)
              Finance costs                             (1,692,438)    (2,420,573)    (2,270,766)    (2,726,978)    (2,787,670)
              Share of profits and losses of:
                 Joint ventures                             30,358       363,035        722,390        371,098        996,077
                 Associates                                 31,622        10,749        (132,653)      698,297        580,388
              PROFIT BEFORE TAX                          8,986,087     11,832,204     12,853,689      9,644,177     12,714,270
              Income tax expense                        (3,723,757)    (4,387,483)    (4,195,030)    (3,449,056)    (5,009,439)
              PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                        5,262,330      7,444,721      8,658,659      6,195,121      7,704,831

              Attributable to:
                 Owners of the parent                    4,089,840      5,278,885      6,481,751      3,880,986      4,689,944
                 Non-controlling interests               1,172,490      2,165,836      2,176,908      2,314,135      3,014,887
                                                         5,262,330      7,444,721      8,658,659      6,195,121      7,704,831


      II.    MAJOR INFORMATION OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                             2017           2018           2019           2020           2021
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                       (Restated)     (Restated)     (Restated)

              Total non-current assets                110,265,307     126,785,854    158,941,891    162,530,406    206,091,016
              Total current assets                    118,462,916     152,031,998    175,939,517    225,225,768    205,911,288
              Total assets                            228,728,223     278,817,852    334,881,408    387,756,174    412,002,304

              Total current liabilities               107,122,016     122,576,765    166,730,932    197,079,975    201,244,879
              Total non-current liabilities             48,526,616     71,369,917     75,716,122     88,849,117    103,963,797
              Total liabilities                       155,648,632     193,946,682    242,447,054    285,929,092    305,208,676
              Equity attributable to:
                 Owners of the parent                   39,487,976     42,402,139     45,948,360     46,762,064     49,961,349
                 Non-controlling interests              33,591,615     42,469,031     46,485,994     55,065,018     56,832,279
              Total equity                              73,079,591     84,871,170     92,434,354    101,827,082    106,793,628




      CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
316
PROTECT ENVIRONMENT, CREATE FUTURE TOGETHER
For the reason of good corporate citizenship, we print our 2021 Annual Report with paper from responsible
source to fulfill our corporate responsibility and create a bright future for our next generation.
CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED
  Rooms 4702-4703, 47th Floor, Office Tower, Convention Plaza,
          No. 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
